i ask , pointing to a three - leaved plant at the base of a tree .
after telling nate that i manage to get poison ivy every other year , he 's made it his mission to teach me how to identify the rash - causing the plant .
` ` you 're good at so many things , but identifying plant species ... '' he intones in a mock - serious voice as he shakes his head .
` ` i remember the day you brought this plant here to your rose garden .
she was finally shown to a large , beautiful suite of rooms where there was a large bedroom , a gorgeous sitting room , even a lovely conservatory filled with strange and exotic plants .
he asked , following her as she moved from one plant to the next , his eyes watching her hands hungrily .
each time she touched another plant or flower , he thought of how he would make her do the same to him , to specific parts of his anatomy .
` ` why the interest in plants ? ''
` ` i mean , have you ever really looked at a plant ?
she pulled dani into the nearest doorway which turned out to be a solarium filled with tropical plants .
she loved plants , wished she could grow something , anything !
but most plants simply died on her for some reason .
there was a library , an exercise room , a smaller parlor area , a solarium , an outdoor pool complete with outside dining area and a veritable forest of plants , a game room with a massive pool table ... how much space did this man need ?
luckily , it was far enough into the growing season that the plants looked like plants .
luckily , it was far enough into the growing season that the plants looked like plants .
she may have lied to ethan about her green thumb , but she had found over the last few days that with a little common sense and a lot of help from the internet , she was able to sort the weeds from the useful plants and coax the garden back to life .
alone in the garden , autumn looked at the neat rows of plants reaching for the sun .
she handed him a trowel and he prepared the next hole while she eased another plant out of its container .
he 'd liked the feel of dirt between his fingers , and the way the vegetable plants looked bigger and happier as soon as he cleared the weeds away .
his mother would chatter to him about the different plants , including the flowers that bordered her square garden .
he saw a number of men bent over the plants some rows away .
he had always considered himself a strong man , and for all his tendencies to put pleasure before responsibility , he knew how to do a full day 's work , but the repetitive process of removing foliage from the bottom of the plants - leaving just enough leaves to shade the ripening grapes from the full - on sun - turned out to be harder than he would have expected .
` ` over my dead body you 're going to rip up this good rangeland and plant ... grapes . ''
montana range plants lab .
sometimes it was just riding along the fences where he would show her special plants that were indigenous to texas .
` ` there , that should leave you happy over the winter , '' she said to the plant , patting the mulch and gently touching the leaves .
looking at the plant , she tucked a stray lock of curly red hair behind her ear absently and , with dark blue eyes that finally sparkled with life again after months of appearing blank , looked around with satisfaction at the newly created landscape she 'd been working on all day .
she said , talking to herself as much as to the plants .
` ` talking to plants again , sophie ? ''
jason eyed her over the tops of the plants .
she spent the rest of the afternoon in the garden , walking through the plants and surveying what the gardener had done in her absence .
what about her plants ?
plants , she thought after she 'd dug up a plot of grass .
she needed plants .
and it would require lots of plants and much more digging .
` ` no , a plant store , '' she said .
the nursery was only a few minutes away and she was thrilled with the number and variety of plants on display .
michael loaded the trunk first with her plants , then the front seat but there were too many of them .
so sophie sat in the back , surrounded by the plants and could barely sit still on the short drive home , too eager to get to work planting all of her new ` ` babies '' .
michael arranged for several other of the household staff to help carry the plants to their ultimate destination and sophie worked until dusk digging holes and carefully planting her new purchases .
there were weeping cherry trees on four corners and the sides were lined with plants that looked to be varying heights , starting on the outside with the higher plants , then moving towards the center with the smaller ones that would stay close to the ground even when mature .
there were weeping cherry trees on four corners and the sides were lined with plants that looked to be varying heights , starting on the outside with the higher plants , then moving towards the center with the smaller ones that would stay close to the ground even when mature .
` ` with lots of windows so you could see your plants , eh ? ''
the whole time , jason asked her questions about the plants she had bought and the different ideas she would do with the yard if she had her preference .
she asked herself that question for most of the afternoon as she finished with her small patch and started moving some of the other plants from the other gardens in a more pleasing design .
she smiled mischievously before continuing , ` ` then i moved several plants which is sure to get the gardener 's dander up . ''
she went into detail on exactly what she wanted and how it was to be laid out , to the point of which plants would work best .
you might want to consider a warehouse to store some of the plants . ''
moving out to the small project she 'd started several days ago , she expanded the small plot of land by several feet , adding more plants and making space for some interesting figurines later on .
but she had created several plots of land for cultivation and in a few months , it would be fertile with plants and flowers .
and tomorrow , she had plans to visit several nurseries that might supply various plants and shrubs for her new business .
but since sid was sitting right in front of sabrina 's current position , it was easy for him to stand up in front of sabrina , trapping in her under the mystical plant .
the desert flared to life , the rocks and plants seeming to dance as the sun shattered the darkness , bringing light and life to the barren land .
she had already taken her preferred spot , next to an oversized potted plant and the window overlooking the busy street .
` ` take it from me , '' gina continued , ` ` most men ran if i so much as asked them to water my plants . ''
the owner , phil , was obsessed with potted plants , vintage wrought iron tables , and anything else that screamed shabby chic .
it was well kept with a porch swing and potted plants , and it looked like the perfect place to raise a child .
i admired the bright colors she 'd chosen for her trim and porch , and i hated the fact that she could keep her plants alive .
if they could , plants would scream and run away from my presence , knowing i would be their ultimate demise .
i pushed over the plant that covered mia 's hidden key and found it missing .
i did n't know how others managed their lives so effortlessly , especially when they had responsibilities outside of themselves , like kids and husbands and a few plants .
she 'd just accosted me with plants .
there was no rhyme or reason to the plants we 'd selected .
i could have saved some of those poor plants . ''
in the end , i 'd been told she had barely been able to venture across her own house , let alone go outside to tend to her plants .
my view was blocked by several plants and lavish floral decorations placed between each booth , obviously creating a feeling of intimacy .
big boldly colored balloons were tied to everything , and potted plants were everywhere .
hanging plants dotted the walkway , and people sat on benches and wicker furniture that we 'd borrowed from friends .
the marble floor glistened under the pot lights and the lone potted plant sitting on top of the receptionist counter looked fat and green and very healthy .
the striking thing was the abundance of plants that filled the space .
when his mother got into one of her raves over a brand new plant it would take a while to pry her loose .
on the way here mama called and we had to stop and collect a whole lot of plants for her .
she was at daniela 's house and rome- '' ` ` marco , i do n't think arie wants to know about ma and her boring plants . ''
my research is on natural plant alternatives so they do n't give a damn .
` ` but we ca n't go any further until you get some more plant samples , remember ? ''
as lead researcher and director of allied labs it was her job to worry about where the money was going to come from to pay for plant supplies , the equipment , the salaries and all the overseas trips that would be required to source the supplies .
in her research on degenerative diseases such as parkinson 's , alzheimer 's disease and multiple sclerosis she had the unusual advantage of an extensive knowledge of the diseases as well as the possible treatments that the plant world could provide .
after that their conversation moved to her research and the progress she was making in sourcing plant supplies for her experiments and trials .
` ` i found the source for a rare plant i ' ve been hunting down for ages . ''
she was finally here in brazil , home to a big portion of the amazon jungle , the habitat that would provide her with the secret plant potions she craved .
` ` i ' m hunting for plants , '' she 'd told him , ` ` not anacondas and alligators . ''
maybe the old man was already consuming whatever plant lani was seeking , the one she felt would be the answer to so many ills .
` ` no , of touching a plant that 's bewitched . ''
` ` so the almost two hundred million people in brazil see it fit to avoid this plant but you decide you 're too smart to follow their example ? ''
` ` the healing potential of this plant is too great for me to let local folklore get in the way . ''
` ` aurelio was telling me about another plant , '' she said , ` ` one i 'd never heard of before .
after we risked our lives to get your plant samples you want to find more ?
aurelio told me it 's a healing plant , known in brazil for ages .
it had absolutely nothing to do with bad luck brought on by my plants . ''
she had the plants she 'd come all the way to brazil for as well as the bonus samples aurelio had gotten for her , and now she would be able to do all the experiments she 'd planned , and more .
chapter six if there was one thing peggy thatcher loved it was her plants .
` ` are you saying i ' m going to kill your precious plants ?
i may not have a green thumb but i ' m no plant killer . ''
my poor plants are half dead and i need to pick up my mail .
palm trees and plants that only grew in greenhouses lined the road , green things growing wild against the bright blue sky .
the air was humid and rich with the smell of the ocean and plant life .
` ` you mean those weedy looking plants ? ''
my roommate would be able to handle my one little sad plant for six days .
i took a deep breath , enjoying the way the salty air of the ocean mixed with the clean scent of freshly watered tropical plants .
the house was set on a hill , surrounded by palm trees and flowering tropical plants .
she 'd also discovered a love of gardening and spent many hours following the older man around as he explained to her , patiently and slowly , about the plants he tended .
as she took in the bubbling fountain in the center of the glass - enclosed area , the lush green plants and shrubs ringing the marble - tiled floor and impressive stone terrace , she did n't think she 'd seen anything more beautiful .
shades of bright pink , purple and red were everywhere and mingled with lush green shrubbery and various nonflowering plants , the gardens were absolutely breathtaking .
the rows of plants that were producing delicious food for the table gave him a sense of pride , a sense of accomplishment , respect for the south and the clean , peaceful scenery .
she checked her mail box and threw out all the junk mail , climbed the three flights of stairs to her small , but cozy apartment and decided the plants needed water .
it would be a sterile room if it were n't for the green plants that gave some welcome relief .
the plants that had been put in place were fine , but there was n't anything spectacular about them .
she loved the fish that darted in and out of the reef , nibbling at the plants and the colorful coral that swayed with the flow of the water .
helen happily followed dimitri 's mother , asking questions about the various plants that were landscaped around the gardens , genuinely eager to learn more about the flora and fauna of greece .
this research could benefit other plants and possibly even humans , although she did n't have enough knowledge about human physiology to tackle experiments in that area .
there was a plant over in the corner , she could drink some of it , then tip the rest into the plant .
the hike up to el britton , the highest lookout point in the national forest known as el yunque , was much more fun than she 'd ever had on a hike only because zeke talked to her about the various plants , pointed out the different orchids and other epiphytes or strange , rain forest points .
` ` this way , ma'am , '' the maitre 'd said without blinking or even waiting for a last name , and he led her to a small table in the back of the restaurant , secluded from the other patrons by potted plants .
it was summer now and she had a beautiful backyard filled with flowers and a brick pathway as well as a patio surrounded by plants that she spent many hours on the weekends weeding and perfecting .
tara curtsied carefully , then walked further into the plant filled room .
she looked around , seeing the rocks and the plants surrounding the stone area in a new way .
he laughed softly as he held a chair out for her beside a pretty , linen covered table set beside one of the windows in a large , plant filled solarium .
as soon as she reached it , she waved a hand towards the still sleeping plants .
there was a morning room with whicker furniture and softly flowered cushions and healthy green plants in all corners , a dining room that would comfortably seat thirty or more people , and bedroom after bedroom , all done in different shades but with heavy furniture , canopied beds and ornately carved panels .
what she currently had was a small , stale apartment with sensible furniture and potted plants sitting out on her tiny balcony that somehow survived in the pollution clogged air surrounding washington , d.c .
there were a few plants that sat in the windowsill but they did n't detract from the clean lines and softly elegant ambiance .
the doors opened onto a patio with more white iron furniture and surrounded by a flagstone patio that stretched out to a semi circle with potted plants and bushes making the scene more inviting and cozy .
the driveway led to a huge , pink , stucco house with lush plants growing right up to the side .
michael had taken them to a small coral reef with dazzling fish diving in and out of the plants and coral .
he knew she recognized him despite the dim lighting because she stumbled over a plant .
instead of his face with his charming grin and heart stopping expressions , she looked at a plant across the room .
some of the houses were quaint and attractive with fresh paint and lovely yards with well manicured tropical plants .
broken windows , gunshot holes on the walls and door , and overturned potted plants on the front yard .
although it had only old benches scattered around , there were also dozens of trees and flowering plants growing from garden beds , which lent the place a serene atmosphere one usually would n't find in the middle of miami .
dio nodded , his gaze remaining at the plants he was watering .
he looked for the nearest exit and made his way there , depositing his glass in a potted plant .
they ran again , dodging servers and potted plants .
` ` i 'll let cody out at seven , then check the plants , tidy up the kitchen and be back home in time to get a shower and be at carter 's by 8:50 at the latest . ''
the sign says do n't touch the plants and that includes trees .
christian strode to the jungle of plants and pulled zoe out of her hiding place .
besides , who does n't know a tree is a plant ?
a potted plant narrowly missed hitting zoe 's shoulder .
no more hiding in corners or behind potted plants unless you take christian with you .
we could go check it out sometime , but i think we should start with a plant , '' she said without thinking and his smile became brilliant .
the bangles on her arms clicked together as she moved an ivy plant out of their way .
leafy plants , orchids , roses and a multitude of flowers that she had no name for grew together as no plants of the tropical and evergreen variety should .
leafy plants , orchids , roses and a multitude of flowers that she had no name for grew together as no plants of the tropical and evergreen variety should .
she 'd just poured half a bottle of window cleaner on a potted plant instead of water .
after rinsing the plant off in the shower , she made her way to the second floor .
mentally , she sorted through the plants she needed to make her next batch of shampoo and conditioner : chamomile , aloe , and- ?
when he got to the strawberry plants , he turned to her .
to his amazement rose trailed behind them , but she stopped to prop open her door with a big pot of some kind of green plants with huge red flowers .
well , if one did n't count tropical plants blooming out of season or caves in a naturally flat , almost at sea level terrain .
gabriel 's brows shot up as a notorious politician and socialite ducked behind a cluster of potted plants .
gone were plants hundreds of years old .
barbara 's bugs has decided to invest in carolina dreams by providing you with capital to get strawberry grove 's forcing house rebuilt and the plants growing again .
falling to her knees , she ripped at the plants and flowers , at anything her hands could grasp .
now , winter was still clinging to cheyenne and the plants were bedraggled , the front of the house dark .
she wished her neighbor 's lamp did n't spotlight his cockeyed broken blinds and the plant squashed against the slats .
she sprawled with her arms caught in a jumble of cattail bog plants .
a white flower plant perched on liam 's side of the nightstand , providing a contrasting yet relaxing coloration .
the red brick home was surrounded by color ; plants and bushes of all types thrived around the house .
he pulled out two chairs at a table surrounded by plants and foliage in the cafe 's exquisite botanical gardens .
chapter seven l iz caught a quick impression of abundant ferns , exotic plants , many pots of gorgeous cyclamens in bloom , all forming a glorious backdrop to settings of cane furniture cushioned in tropical prints .
pot plants decorated the carriages , legroom was spacious , seats were far more comfortable than in modern trains , and provided with drink holders and ashtrays .
he takes my elbow and leads me deeper into the room close to a large palm plant .
i know for example that there are no fewer than a hundred and fifty - three species or subspecies of insect which bear the name barrington , fifty - eight birds , eighteen mammals and fourteen plants including a rare slipper orchid , three fish , two spiders and two reptiles .
there are bamboo plants in blue pots and a stone water feature .
they are carrying mostly flowers and plants , but also trays and boxes of all kinds .
not a plant in sight .
her hands are encased in gardening gloves , and she appears to be re - potting a plant .
she 's started that nursery and you 're the plant guy in the family . ''
there were ivy plants and orchids and even a few tulips .
` ` garrett 's talking plants with ivy 's grandfather , '' tanner told them .
for a long time , they were considered vegetables , but then researchers discovered they were n't plant or animal , but their own species . ''
and she still nurtured those plants herself , despite grumblings from the head gardener .
` ` let mommy get the trays of plants from the garage , okay ? ''
` ` these plants are edible , '' he was saying , ` ` if you dig them up and pound the root .
green plants had been purloined from other parts of the house and the austere room had acquired a feminine , garden atmosphere .
` ` i , '' mrs . ellis disagreed , ` ` only provided the plants .
` ` this is very pretty , '' meredith farrell said , relinquishing her coat and looking around at the airy room with its white wicker furniture , bright green and blue plaid pillows , and potted trees and plants thriving in the corners julie tried to smile , but as she took matt 's coat , she blurted desperately , ` ` is zack all right ? ''
the plant near her left had a yellow leaf on it , so she reached over and plucked it off , then she stopped , warmed by the sudden memory of zack in colorado when he 'd watched her doing something like this .
think of me sometimes when you 're watering my plants .
a quiet man with gentle eyes , oliver labored in havenhurst 's greenhouse and flowerbeds , talking softly to his cuttings and plants .
` ` plants need affection , '' he 'd explained when she surprised him one day in the greenhouse , speaking encouragements to a wilting violet , ` ` just like people .
` ` i ' ve given her a dose of my special medicine , '' oliver said as be carefully moved the potted plant to the benches where be kept all his ailing patients .
oliver , elizabeth later realized , regarded all flowering plants as ` ` she , '' while all others were ` ` he '' .
five days later she 'd all but forgotten the plant and had merely gone to the greenhouse to share some tarts with oliver .
elizabeth had wandered over to the table with the ailing plants and discovered the violet , its delicate flowers standing sturdily on fragile little stems , its leaves perked up .
` ` ? twas your kind words and a bit o ' my medicine what pulled her through , '' he said , and because he could see the glimmerings of genuine fascination - or perhaps because he wished to distract the newly orphaned girl from her woes he 'd taken her through the greenhouse , naming the plants and showing her grafts he was trying to make .
working at oliver 's side , an apron tied around her waist to protect her dress , she learned all he could tell her of his ` ` medicines '' and mulches and attempts to graft one plant to another .
side by side they sat upon the garden bench until twilight made reading impossible , while elizabeth read to him about ancient and modern methods of helping plants grow stronger and more vibrant .
when she realized he intended to continue waiting for some sort of explanation , she said quietly , ` ` i ' m told my grandfather on my mother 's side was an amateur horticulturist , and perhaps i inherited my love of plants and flowers from him .
plants were n't his thing , although he knew a great deal about them thanks to his mom .
she 'd had a whole greenhouse full of beautiful plants at their estate on martha 's vineyard when he was a child .
thus far trent had surprised her knowing several of the flowers and plants she did n't recognize .
you ' ve exhausted my knowledge of plants . ''
since they 'd come outside he 'd named at least ten or twelve different types of plants and shrubs .
without giving her time to wonder what he meant , he had her striding beside him on the royal - blue carpet , down the expansive path lined with stunning plant and flower arrangements ending in a dozen cream satin - covered steps .
after riley showed me how to insert the cartridge and where to press in order to set it off , we practiced shooting mace at a potted plant .
he shrugged and flung it toward some yucca plants as if the deadly snake was nothing but a plastic frisbee .
i made my way first to the shakespeare garden with a second glass of champagne in hand , stopping here and there to admire the unusual plants , their fragrances mixing and lying heavily in the sweltering june air .
the balcony has room for plants .
braden took bruno off of his leash and he promptly checked the place out and made it his own by peeing on a rubber tree plant .
i glanced at the plant .
herb stood there with a bottle of ginger ale , a wilted potted plant and a ' welcome to philadelphia ' t - shirt .
` ` oh , yes , uh , the plant is for you , lily , and the t - shirt is for adam , to welcome him . ''
he thrust the plant and the t - shirt at me and practically vaulted over the couch to get to mark .
sparky had ended his relationship with the pillow and moved on to a rubber tree plant .
there were fountains and exotic plants all over the place .
instead , she focused her attention on the potted plant beside her .
` ` he could dump you for the potted plant in that corner or a prize winning dairy cow for all i care .
i propped the door open with a chair and dragged inside what seemed to be a plant .
as i carefully ripped the paper from the plant , i gasped when standing before me was a four - foot tree made entirely out of fresh pink and purple roses and white carnations .
exotic plants teemed at the pool 's periphery forming an oasis in the middle of the ocean .
clarissa finished watering her plants , then sat down to leaf through the baby magazines ferruccio had deluged her with .
she could n't have looked more flabbergasted if he 'd said he was actually a plant .
the air was laden with sweet plant scents and heady earth aromas , its temperature seeming to be calibrated for perfect comfort , all year round as he 'd told her .
beyond that , the grounds were landscaped in mini - dunes and lawns with breathtaking beds of desert plants in the shadow of more palm trees of all shapes .
he told me stories about my mother - she 'd loved to garden , loved plants ; she would ' ve been pleased to know i 'd grown up on a farm .
potted plants had appeared , giving the sense that the porch was a well thought - out , finished space .
he 'd placed flagstones to make paths and let them get overgrown where they needed to be , bordering hard lines with low jade plants and rocks .
with a pinky - less hand , he indicated a leather chair by a plastic plant .
the windows were on a slant , as if it were a greenhouse where all the plants had been removed and replaced by an expansive desk and maps of los angeles everywhere .
but when she saw that the shrubs all around his pool were encased in flames , which rose to twice the height of the plants , she stopped midstroke .
he walked back towards me with an orchid plant .
` ` it 's an orchid plant . ''
` ` like raising a plant .
` ` should we be worried that i ' ve killed every single plant i ' ve ever touched ? ''
aside from those trips to the beach , the closest i ever got to nature was watering the potted plants on the terrace of our apartment . ''
plants were green , end of story .
once in the hallway , he found a tufted bench between two potted plants and eased himself down onto it .
` ` your house is fine , but your plant died . ''
` ` i do n't have a plant . ''
me and plants do n't go well .
large , leafy plants surround it , bathing it in shade , and i know where i 'll be spending my day .
beneath one of those plants .
he headed to the office , which was built on the same land where the spices grew in green houses that regulated the temperatures to ensure healthy plant growth all year round .
i was terrible about plants and sloane was worse , but lucah had brought a few of them into the apartment when we 'd moved in .
he told me that since he moved so much , he could never really have plants , so he was happy to finally be in a place where he could .
she had a few plants , and some generic watercolor prints , but that was about it .
is a laurel a plant ?
` ` atropine is a naturally occurring tropane alkaloid , a plant derivative .
` ` are those plants ? ''
` ` apparently , there are some naturally occurring chemical compounds found in certain plants that can cause increased ... shall we say ... circulation in certain parts of the body . ''
` ` using plant derivatives in this manner can be very dangerous , '' the doctor says , glaring at william .
the room has some sort of eucalyptus essential oil scent blowing around , and white and purple orchids are crowded in the corners along with some fern - type plants .
` ` i think he needs a little work on that flying business , '' i said , watching the little guy disappear around a group of plants in a far doorway , leading to a terrace .
his new home was a round tabletop , covered in plants and flowers , with a space in the center that had been left clear .
` ` sure it is , '' i said , chuckling as i pulled out his bed and set it down in the space between the plants .
i examined the spaces between the plants , looking for signs of scottish tartans hidden among the leaves .
i turned my head to the left and right , seeing plant stems and dirt near my face .
i blew my nose as hard as i could , trusting he 'd change course in time to avoid a face plant into my skull .
she was hovering over the top of her bedroom , above the plants that sat on a round table where i 'd put their furniture .
tim buzzed out to the garden over to his table , disappearing for a few seconds into the plants before coming back over to sit on the back of the couch to my left .
abby 's voice rose up from the plant - covered table that served as their home .
real live plants flanked a sitting area where comfortable tan leather chairs , currently empty , sat in a circle .
i 'd like to have a garden someday but i do n't know much about plants .
i thought it was interesting even though she claimed to not know much about plants .
jahn decorated it with as much detail as the interior of the condo , so the covered and uncovered areas were full of comfortable chairs and lounges , conversation areas , and beautiful plants that made this oasis in the sky feel like a park .
` ` here , '' he said , moving a potted plant to give me room .
a flowering plant i do n't recognize grows near the fence , and i grab a few petals and toss them in the pool , then lay on my stomach , trying to get a shot of only flowers and water , with no hint of concrete from the pool or the deck .
it 's dark here , with the exception of soft landscaping lights cleverly hidden among the plants and stonework .
of course , the landscaping near the structure has only recently been completed , and beyond that perimeter of flower beds and walking paths and picnic areas , the plants still grow wild , though i see that damien has hired someone to cut away some of the brush and install soft lighting to mark footpaths through the undergrowth .
new paint , large pots with flowering plants .
we have a few plants keeping watch , but we did n't want to spook samuels off and let him know we 're on to him .
he even had a few plants on the balcony , and julia did n't have a green thumb herself , but still , there was something nice about this new york lawyer taking the time to have plants .
he even had a few plants on the balcony , and julia did n't have a green thumb herself , but still , there was something nice about this new york lawyer taking the time to have plants .
` ` and your plants are adorable . ''
` ` you do not name your plants , '' she said , giving him a serious look .
` ` i do n't name my plants . ''
he was a regular , and a plant .
gorgeous emerald - green plants and small , potted trees lined the walls too , offering an inviting feel and sending the message that this was both a welcoming and an opulent place to stay .
julia smiled to herself , glad that her poker companions were a happy couple rather than a coterie of charlie 's plants , brought in to pad the game as she took down unsuspecting high - rollers .
she knew how to pick 'em , and she had a pair of perfect plants with her .
the passage was lined with tall plants , and half - moon windows high above .
there were lush plants and brilliantly hued flowers all around it .
i inhaled deeply , pulling in the sweet and salty scent of the ocean and tropical plants .
what was n't damaged and crumbling was covered in a thick layer of red and green climbing plants .
i came to a halt in front of the tall structure and stared up at its crumbling walls covered in green and red flowering plants .
build a red mud - brick replica in the garden and let plants grow over it .
on friday morning during his appointment with his therapist , janet , ian spent the first half of the hour staring at her spider plant and talking about all the things he 'd been avoiding during his previous sessions .
the spider plant was the most colorful thing in the room .
he 'd only been her client a month , so he did n't have a lot of material for avoidance , and the spider plant was n't much of an assist .
he gave up on the plant and turned to janet , trying to decide .
murray 's felt like an indoor atrium , with a tile floor , huge potted plants in between glass - topped tables and banks of floor - to - ceiling windows that let natural light flood the dining area .
he stumbled , catching himself with a hand on a large potted plant .
their typical spot was in the middle of the room screened by potted plants , while today he 'd been shown to one against the mirror - paneled wall farthest from the entrance .
it was n't a huge restaurant , but there were so many potted plants and bamboo screen things that maybe there were dining areas he did n't even know to search ?
tristan pulled over and bought a big pot with three different colors of flower plants , a bunch of indian corn and several decorative gourds .
the house is tucked in among some trees in the middle of nowhere , along a river , the land overrun with flowers and plants .
my mother is scanning through the plants , smelling the bouquets and fixing the arrangements .
he has a team of city planners , architects , engineers , teachers and doctors who are working together to drill for fresh , clean drinking water , plant crops and teach the local people about agriculture and farming as well as building a school for the children to ensure the next generation is prepared to lead .
or plants for that matter .
how often did he have to replace these plants that were n't native to this area ?
clem promised me a few tomato and pepper plants .
moonbeams bounced off the snow , making the icy crystals dangling from sage plants look like rhinestones .
he was a total plant , was n't he ?
` ` plants look great , ree . ''
the ranchers that plant alfalfa reap the benefits of my bees too .
are you planning to cultivate twice as many plants this year since you have twice the growing space ? ''
but you need to tend your relationship with gavin with as much care as you tend your plants . ''
keely picked up a potted plant and started toward him .
she pressed her lips together with humiliation and quickly glanced around at the intricate medieval stonework of the walled garden , the copper lanterns and luxurious potted plants .
a potted plant would likely fill the same purpose .
and thus did his aunt end this conversation , picking up her basket with the claim that she must search for a certain spell plant that could only be found during the time of the resting sun .
while he held her finger there with one hand , he reached to her potted plant in the windowsill and broke a piece off her aloe plant with the other .
while he held her finger there with one hand , he reached to her potted plant in the windowsill and broke a piece off her aloe plant with the other .
would she find herself walking the bayou with her sisters looking for weird voodoo plants and alligators ?
shrubs obscured most of the walls and tall plants blocked the streetlights from the area .
i ' ve never understood why i ' m the weird , crazy one when tia dances nak*d out in the bayous in voodoo ceremonies ; selena chains herself to fences ; karma is a bull inseminator ; aunt jasmine is trying to splice a venus flytrap with kudzu to make a man - killing plant to devour her ex- '' ` ` she what ? ''
it tore through the house with a vengeance , hurtling lamps , plants , and anything small around .
black marble stretched as far as i could see , reflecting our images back at us as we made our way through the opulence of carved nak*d statuary and exotic plants and flowers .
he remembered his adoptive father had used salves and some kind of root plant to soothe pain , but he had no idea what any of them had been .
` ` so slaughtering innocent plants does n't bother you ? ''
` ` i never slaughtered any plants .
` ` i do n't like eating plants . ''
she rushed to the first small pond that housed fish and aquatic plants she 'd never seen before .
when i was little , i used to try and grow plants on my dad 's ship . ''
disagreeing completely , aricles hoisted the barrel up on his shoulder to carry it to where he 'd left off covering the plants .
laughing , aricles began spreading it around the sprouting plants .
` ` now if i could only get my eldest son interested in a woman ... '' aricles did n't comment as he went back to fertilizing the plants .
there was a surrealness to this that made it seem like fantasy , and yet ... she cursed as she stubbed her toe against the plant stand in her living room .
the moonlight filtered down past the wrought - iron railings and hanging plants to illuminate the old brick of the buildings .
she saw undulated globs that were probably piles of plants and mud .
her one indulgence was plants , especially flowering ones that she had to trick into blooming with artificial lighting .
she did allow him and tzader to give her plants , which was why it looked more like a jungle than a home .
no plants .
outnumbered , lanna continued toward a room that reminded her of an old - fashioned solar , with unusual plants in handcrafted pots and unique furniture carved of strange wood and covered in plush cushions .
other weeping - willow - type plants swayed above them , their silver leaves glinting in the scattered spears of sun , like thronos 's wing mosaics did .
there are still a few pumpkins scattered around , and the tomato plants are brown and brittle , nearly bowed to the ground beneath the bulk of the snow .
whoever lives here has a way with plants , because the yard is impeccable , the flower beds thriving .
the many large plants and potted palms and fronds were all dry and sagging .
since hodge 's disappearance , jace had tried boiling the plants ' leaves in water to see if he could produce the same effect , but the only result was a bitter , ashy - tasting liquid that made him gag and spit .
it was still wet and had run between the cracks in the paving like the tendrils of a red plant .
thick tendrils of moss and plants surrounded the rim of turtle pond like a bordering of green lace .
the cold night smelled like dirt and plants and human modernity - clary almost thought she could scent the iron on the air .
` ` sometimes diseased plants must be culled to preserve the whole garden , '' said valentine .
admittedly , kyle seemed to be growing marijuana plants on the fire escape , but you could n't have everything .
` ` and he grows these weird plants on the balcony , '' he added .
ornate wrought iron staircases spiraled up to catwalks decorated with hanging plants .
he slammed open the window - it gave with a fierce shriek of swollen wood and an explosion of old paint chips - and climbed out onto the fire escape , where jordan 's wolfsbane plants , withered by winter air , crowded the metal ledge .
there were large , leafy plants positioned at the corners , which made my fingers itchy to dig into soil .
i stepped around a giant urn packed with snake plants .
there was a huge front porch covered with potted plants and hanging flowers .
run around and rearrange the numerous plants and flowers he seemed to have growing out of the walls ?
it 's a lovely house and i love all the plants and- '' ` ` he gets that , '' i interrupted before this broke down into one of dee 's long - winded rambles .
the cell wall is a thick and rigid layer covering the plasma something , something plant cells ... stacey stiffened all of a sudden .
a moment passed as he watched a leafy plant sway in the breeze .
he returned to staring at the plant .
abbot picked at a leafy blossom from one of the nearby plants .
i have the sudden urge to take my credit card straight to the store and buy him some curtains , a new set of vibrant dishes , a few paintings , and maybe even a plant or two .
and i ' m good with plants somehow . ''
there were a couple of potted plants in front of the window .
my favorite thing to do was plant flowers in my backyard with no company except grant .
a palm tree was in the corner , and bamboo plants adorned the end tables and front desk .
` ` and plants ! ''
` ` she asked for any plant i did n't recognize .
i found a relatively hidden spot in the garden beside a giant broad - leafed plant .
within seconds , dozens of flaming bodies crumpled to thrash on the ground , scorching the leaves and petals of the atrium 's plants and engulfing any vampires caught in their proximity .
every plant and flower previously untouched now shriveled .
instead , a vast , dusty wasteland of withered plants and arid ochre soil stretched without bounds .
not a hair on me shifted , even as the deadly force embraced me in a cocoon of particles and shriveled plants , as it spun at speeds powerful enough to toss a car like a toddler tosses its toy .
it had proven useful to me time and time again as a human , but i was now on the other side of the fence with the silvery plant and i would feel its wrath like a thousand razor blades cutting into my skin .
it has a beautiful waterfront patio with teakwood tables and royal - blue umbrellas , crammed with palm trees and plants of all sizes , enough to make it feel like a jungle that you can hide in , which is exactly what i ' m doing tonight , with my newspaper crossword puzzle and a law textbook .
amber suggested that the ` ` dakota stories '' extended beyond laced brownies and five - leafed plants in her backyard and into the beds of many guys , both in high school and older , both married and not .
if tanner notices the maneuver , he says nothing , leading us through a courtyard with mangy shrubs and dehydrated plants surrounding a rusted hibachi .
after poisoning my roommate 's plant with high doses of stomach acid and toxins , i crawled back into my top bunk with reagan 's hangover stash - advil and a gallon of isotonic liquids - where i ' ve remained , drifting between unconsciousness and self - pity .
it 's quaint , simple - with pale yellow paper adorning the walls , crown molding lining the ceiling , and several vine plants suspended before a bay window , soaking up the mid - afternoon sunshine .
according to dan , bob squealed like a pig facing the slaughterhouse , turning on eddie , manny ... even his own mother and the small marijuana plant she grows in her backyard for medicinal purposes .
amid delicate tropical flowering plants and lazing palms , beauty saw steam rising from the shallow pools in the marble floor and smelled the fragrance of herbs and spiced perfumes .
glass vials of powder and liquid , bunches of dried plants , sticks of some black substance like soft coal .
i watered my plants , just in case .
some potted plants made everything look a little nicer , and there was n't any canned music playing , which was a huge plus .
as i turned to trudge inside - through some extraordinarily green grass - i noticed that my three tomato plants , which i 'd put in weeks ago , were heavily laden with ripe red fruit .
the one on the left had seemed on its last legs ( if a plant can have legs ) .
now all three plants were lush and green - leafed , sagging against their frames with the sheer weight of the fruit .
i had them on sandwiches , and the minute the red ones were gone , the plants were hung with green ones .
i 'd never thought i 'd get tired of fresh tomatoes , but between my own burgeoning plants and the jail produce , i would be glad when they were out of season .
though it was delightful to see the yard blooming and bearing fruit and being green , i found myself thinking i would have traded all the plants in the yard for one really good protection spell .
bob returned from the woods , sweaty and scratched and with a bag full of various plants .
a letter on a plant .
` ` somebody put a plant in front of it ! ''
here , plants grew from it .
it hurt all the way up , and deciding the holly was pulped enough , i stretched for the envelope of roots i 'd scraped off my mom 's ivy plant earlier .
the dirty mortar , graduated cylinder , plant snips , and bits of discarded plants looked good strewn around - right somehow .
the dirty mortar , graduated cylinder , plant snips , and bits of discarded plants looked good strewn around - right somehow .
` ` i have no choice , '' he said , and trailing a gray sparkle of dust to light the dew - wet plants , he flew to his home and disappeared under the earth .
seeds had been planted from vincet 's own stash , and jenks was n't sure how he felt about another man putting plants into his own soil .
the only plant life i 'd seen was tough and herbaceous , something that i 'd never give a second glance at if i was home , but here , the tiny flowers stood out .
a low stone wall divided the mundane witches ' garden from the gravestones , but i used almost every inch of the place for my plants .
i 'd been here before , and the desks with their stacks of books and light - starved plants were familiar , but i stopped short when i saw dr . cordova bent over a cluttered table , giving directions to two fib officers .
wing clatter dropping in pitch , jenks slowly dusted the plant .
` ` belle is going to move into the wall , too , '' he said quickly , his wings turning red and his dust evaporating before it could hit the plant .
but it was only trent , and i watched as his somber silhouette moved slowly through the greenery , his fingers reaching out but not touching the plants in passing like they were old friends .
` ` you look better , '' i said as the plant swung and bobbed and slowly settled , and jenks shrugged .
watching it , i felt as if it were the industrial revolution given life , a monster of power , oblivious as it raced through the darkness in one direction and its own destruction , powered by the death of a million plants and animals a million years ago .
promises to return eddied about me with the soft , binding force of a plant tendril , unexpected and worrisome .
listed was a mix of plants , objects , and ley line equipment designed to sympathetically harness intent : blood , hummingbird egg white , sunrise spider silk , aspen sap , a copper mobius strip , silk scarf , salt - probably to scribe the pentagram with - and a familiar phrase of latin .
` ` and he pees on your plants to mark your territory for you .
there were several built - in burners , a waste zone , and one corner devoted to live plants .
it still sported bits of green and peeling bark , and i smiled , seeing where he 'd wedged it off the plant .
fake plants in every corner .
jaxon sat in the corner of a bustling restaurant , shadowed by faux green plants and the constantly opening and closing kitchen door .
sweet and delicious , a rare treat since most cocoa plants had been burned , the fields wiped out during the human - alien war .
plants and flowers decorated every corner .
at one time , he 'd been foolish enough to fill the space with tranquil indoor waterfalls , plants , crosses , anything to promote peace and soothe raw nerves .
with the golden glow of moonlight crowning her and emerald plants framing her , she was an ancient queen straight out of a storybook .
behind a veil of lush plants was a sitting area he 'd rigged with a pillowed floor that looked up to a ceiling mural of castles in the clouds .
the trees and plants actually seemed to turn away from her now , as if word had spread and they were all afraid of her .
by feeding her the nectar mixed with the bulbs necessary for the plant 's growth , something that would kill even an immortal , she was , in essence , an ever - fertile breeding ground for the drug .
they 'd clearly stopped and checked out all the singed places where the phoenix had burned a bush or a plant or a patch of grass .
no bodies hiding behind the poisonous trees and plants thriving in the dry , acidic atmosphere .
they stood in the center of a courtyard , lovely plants and flowers thriving all around them .
dark mold clung to the walls , more of those slithering plants crawling in every direction .
hell , the jungle itself had even become an enemy , crowding too close and putting shadows where there should n't be any , like the plants themselves were being energized by the coming equinox .
without continuing his bantering innuendo , jamie gazed about the place , taking in her myriad plants and flowers , the primitive art on the walls .
` ` it is a kind of fall , to become human in this life and mate with a mortal , '' he answered sunny , the words vibrating so strongly that the potted plants rocked where they sat on the windowsill .
plant flowers , cook food , provide a loving home ?
yesterday i 'd turned a potted plant into a treecicle simply by glancing at it .
a plant died , and she must have overwatered it .
finally deemed acceptable , we strode out of the comfortable lobby , with its brown leather couches and lush green plants , and down a long , plain hallway .
` ` maybe a few of desert gal 's victims are n't really victims at all , but plants .
some of the ` ` victims '' were plants .
i recognized the giant fake plant beside the reception counter .
but when will introduces me to cara , his older sister , she gives me the kind of look that would wither a plant and does not extend her hand for me to shake .
around the edge of the circular greenhouse , plants and trees grow in troughs of water or small pools .
it was better for the plants than dirt , '' he says .
i remember the rows of peanut plants in the amity greenhouses .
the room is lit by moonlight , so it is hard to distinguish plant from tree from man - made structure .
i stay as hidden as possible at the edge of the room , between two large plants that are suspended in mineral solution .
their panes glow in the starlight , obscuring the treasures i imagine to be inside them , small plants with berries dangling from their branches , rows of potato plants buried in the earth .
their panes glow in the starlight , obscuring the treasures i imagine to be inside them , small plants with berries dangling from their branches , rows of potato plants buried in the earth .
david takes us through the compound to a carpeted area with potted plants on either side .
everywhere plants and trees are suspended in water , the same way they were in the amity greenhouses .
now that my eyes have adjusted to the light , i can see that the plants in this room were selected for beauty , not practicality - flowers and ivy and clusters of purple or red leaves .
i walk past a potted plant with a garish flower blossoming among its branches , and toward the dormitory that has become our temporary home here .
chapter twenty - five tobias tris and i meet nita in the hotel lobby after midnight , among the potted plants with their unfurling flowers , a tame wilderness .
we drive past the same kind of ruins i saw when we left the city - the buildings collapsing under their own weight , and the plants roaming wild over the land , breaking through concrete .
tobias takes me to the atrium near the hotel dormitory , and we spend some time there , talking and kissing and pointing out the strangest plants .
i see people among the plants , checking the soil with handheld devices designed by former bureau scientists .
i was in a hotel bathroom , the decorative motif a tiki - style , complete with bamboo - edged mirror and leafy plants in the corner next to the toilet paper .
more potted plants had been set up around a folding director 's chair , and in the distance , the blue waters of the ocean tumbled onto the sand in a rhythmic pattern .
i 'd found a small aloe vera plant a short distance away from the water and i 'd been giddily putting it on my most sensitive areas that were causing me the most pain .
` ` i guess we are , '' i said , trying to make my voice light and nonchalant , all the while my loins were crying out like that plant in little shop of horrors .
i 'll show you what the plants look like . ''
jendan and i walked through the jungle , making idle chatter to pass the time as i scoured the leafy floor looking for the plants .
` ` ah , there 's a taro plant , '' i told him , spotting one of the elusive creatures .
even as these rough drawings , the plants had a life to them , like they might continue growing off the page after sawyer closed the book .
dried - out weeds sprouted alongside wilted potted plants .
every damned tree and plant looked the same .
i 'd seen photos of cenotes ; they were usually covered with tiny plants and vines along the sides .
the small cottage had a charming feel despite the piles of books in every corner and the dried - out plant hanging from the ceiling near the soot - coated chimney .
even when i slept i dreamed about the man , especially his smell - like a tropical beach filled with fresh , clean ocean air , coconuts , and exotic plants .
a broken potted plant lay in the center of the living room floor next to her italian mosaic tiled coffee table .
he almost reached the threshold to the outer hallway when his eyes caught another glimpse of the broken potted plant .
kinich 's eyes wandered over the large potted plants , elaborately tiled floors , and rustic furniture .
the apartment smelled clean and fresh , like exotic plants and sunshine .
the area surrounding his estate was a tropical oasis of palm trees , lush green plants , and bright tropical flowers - oranges , yellows , and reds - that contrasted with the monochromatic starkness of the surrounding desert .
each life - form , plant or animal , rearranged the configuration of the microscopic crystals and the hieroglyphs .
after several minutes of marching down the narrow path lined with thick - leaved plants and small torches , they arrived at an arched entryway with a wrought iron gate .
she dropped her bag next to the large potted plant and gazed up .
on the coffee table , a bright blue , hand - painted ceramic water pitcher sat next to a small potted plant and a little mayan statue of his sister akna , the goddess of fertility .
she slowed right before getting to her sitting area under the large palm tree ; she did n't want to run into any chairs or potted plants .
when she stepped inside , a burst of cool air hit her face , as did the obnoxious decorum , which was equally as ` ` cheesified '' as the outside with stuffed monkeys and fake plants hanging from the ceiling , a rope with a swinging tarzan manikin , and an indoor waterfall .
i unlocked the door to my sparsely decorated , fourth - story apartment - i traveled a lot , so what was the point of owning plants or having tons of fancy furniture no one would see or use ? -and threw my bag on the living room floor .
i was n't expecting pretty potted plants and a porch swing .
the fact that you sew your own clothes and wear pants made from plant shit ?
resting on my knees , i began to pul the weeds that had sprouted up between the flowering plants .
our backyard is small and mostly taken up by marcie 's garden of pale tomato and cucumber plants .
my head turned instantly to the scatter of plants and herbs all over the box seat , sitting neatly in the cove of the window .
` ` see those plants there ? ''
` ` i was just watering his plants .
` ` what , like , i can make a plant grow by touching it ? ''
` ` it is not just the plants you will command , '' moustache man said , ` ` but the animals - all creatures that walk this earth . ''
` ` i helped drake plant many of the trees . ''
the cobblestone path led away between plants and trees , and at the centre sat a large square pond with marble edging - a place you could sit to read a book .
i tried to make out the edge of the walls around the garden , but vines and trees and all manor of plant life completely hid it - as if we were in some alternate universe - no walls .
` ` it says something along the lines of by oath of blood , by promise of heart , i honour my vow , '' he said , then turned away and wandered over to his window box , grabbing the scissors to trim leaves off a plant .
he was just teaching me about plants and herbs . ''
a caravan of delivery trucks streamed in one by one , and david and arthur stepped up to sign for packages that were , judging by the volume of plants and boxes of beakers they were checking , the stock for arthur 's new herbalist lab and greenhouse .
but , unlike arthur 's room , jase 's was painted blue between the white panels on the walls , and instead of plants and books about plants , his shelves were stuffed to overflowing with novels and comic books .
but , unlike arthur 's room , jase 's was painted blue between the white panels on the walls , and instead of plants and books about plants , his shelves were stuffed to overflowing with novels and comic books .
a flicker of movement down the end caught my eye then , steering it to the busy - looking figure trimming leaves off a plant and laying them in a tub at his feet .
he picked up the scissors and began trimming the plant again .
i get plant life ? ''
what if the very fabric of me , sadie elisabeth allen , has been molded and shaped so much by who he is that i ' m like the plants mom grows in tubs on the back porch : you plant them next to a taller , stronger structure and they adapt around it , snaking their whole body around the frame until they have no shape of their own , just the outline of something else ?
a corner was now devoted to valerie 's spiritual well - being : a yoga mat rolled up beside a small buddha statue and bamboo plants , wind chimes tinkling from the window .
she delayed the inevitable for a while , watering her plants , setting her radio to one of chopin 's particularly mournful waltzes , but soon there was no avoiding it .
there was a front reception desk cluttered with leaflets and charity boxes , posters tacked to a notice board and a row of yellow plastic chairs between two potted plants , a box of toys spilling onto the faded blue carpet .
turning back , he lifted a potted plant beside the door , fished out the spare key , and let himself back in .
alice 's breath caught , just for a moment , when she fumbled under the plant 's pot , but then her fingertips found the key and just like that , she was closing the door safely behind her .
aside from a lone plant wilting in one corner , the living room was given over entirely to two hideous beige couches , a vast flat - screen tv , and a tangle of gaming equipment lined up in strict order across the floor .
he was in the shadows , half concealed by tall potted plants with vast , waxy leaves .
taking up a handful of the slightly sticky plants , i buried my nose in them and inhaled , admiring the way the stems spiraled and twisted around one another .
i was draining the plants of their energy , taking strength enough to open my eyes and talk .
he was pulling the leaves of an overgrown plant away in order to see it , and ty wondered briefly how he 'd even found the tracks to start with .
` ` plant protected it from being washed away , '' he told zane as he stood and stretched his back .
switch them out somehow , like i just did , or dump drinks under tables or in plants or decorations .
it ended with a wooden fence , and after a few hard kicks , ty broke through into a small , private courtyard filled with plants and garden decorations , colorful tile and antique string lights overhead .
` ` sounds like nikki webb was a plant . ''
but why plant deacon with her ? ''
that 's plants in distress ! ''
she labors until her sister 's head spins unnaturally before popping right off as if she extracted a plant from the ground , nothing but bloody roots dangling below .
the plants under the windowsill look as if they committed suicide .
a row of dead plants hangs off a makeshift sill .
she would point to a plant and teach us everything about it .
i duck behind an overgrown plant and watch as nev oversteps his bound by landing too close to her .
steel - colored vines coil around the base of the gargantuan structure with foot - long thorns spiking along the infernal plant .
a lone girl stands behind an overgrown silk plant , swaying on her shiny white heels , and i carefully peer around the bush .
i trip over a rock and land hard on my right palm , flattening a plant in the process .
makes it look like a living thing , the leaf of some exotic plant you could crawl inside and float in .
i miss everything about l.a . even the plants skirting our property , the pale aloe plants that raise their powdered arms to god - the lavender verbena .
i miss everything about l.a . even the plants skirting our property , the pale aloe plants that raise their powdered arms to god - the lavender verbena .
her arms flail wild as she does a massive face plant into paragon 's fertile soil .
` ` so brielle was just a plant ? ''
i ' m pretty sure this is n't the venue in which i want to confront brielle about being one of chloe 's plants .
my entire body wants to bend to him the way a dying plant twists toward the sun .
` ` am i from the plant earth ?
he groans my name and releases my wrist and hair and then bends over and plants wet , openmouthed kisses across my shoulders and on the back of my neck .
my hands plant on the globes of her ass , holding her up to me as her mouth moves confidently yet softly against my own .
but instead of the modern , sleek , cold home i was expecting , i ' m met with big , inviting furniture in reds and blues , plants and flowers , fashion magazines on the coffee table , her laptop closed on the couch .
she and i slow down , falling behind lucy and nat , who continue to happily chat about lucy 's plants .
she sold it all , lawn furniture , craft and hobby stuff , pet supplies , not just plants .
but i worked the plants , i was good at it , always was and spring was coming .
i had a burgeoning hanging basket by the front door and the front walk was lined with vibrant , healthy bedding plants .
with my face plant , his fingers had slid through my hair and both his hands stayed where they were , curling around the back of my head , holding me to his chest .
the plants in the greenhouse needed tending .
i went back to my mug , took a sip of coffee and resolutely turned my eyes to the plants and herbs in gran 's greenhouse .
we rang off and i went back to the greenhouse to finish with the plants , my mind inventorying my wardrobe .
september was moving swiftly toward october and i needed the dead plants out , the soil fertilized and turned in order to put it to rest for winter .
the middle where the stairs led was a huge hall , down the center of which were five , large , gleaming dark wood tables which , for the party , would hold massive displays of blooms from the palace 's greenhouses ( there were four gargantuan greenhouses where the palace gardeners grew everything from flowers and plants to adorn the house , to vegetables and fruits forced to grow out of season in order to feed its occupants and guests - they even had apple , pear , plum and peach trees in one , lime , lemon , grapefruit and orange in another and tangles of blackberry and raspberry vines in yet another ) .
i am away to move through my beautiful lunwyn and plant branches before the frost sets in .
then packa and gaal came in with huge , spiked pieces of an aloe vera plant .
all around the fountain and courtyard were colorful pots filled with spiked or trailing green plants .
it had a bunch of colorful pots , huge to very small , filled with spiked greens , trailing plants and vibrant flowers .
out the backdoor through a small , tidy courtyard ( with more potted plants ) was where the slaves quarters were , four small rooms , two on top , two on bottom , each room had two twin - sized pallets on the floor , two drawer wooden dressers beside each pallet with one , measly candleholder on each dresser .
a plant healer .
` ` be a shame to lose those primo pot plants .
do you think someone 's taking care of those plants ? ''
he had scraggly hair of an indescribable color and it was pretty clear we 'd found out who was looking after rosie 's pot plants , with liberal sampling .
i turned and saw that the kevster 's living room was filled with pot plants .
every surface was covered with plants , and that included the floor .
there was a narrow path forged through the plants but other than that , it was wall - to - wall marijuana .
i had to save the plants !
someone had to save the plants . ''
he stalked through the pot path and i followed him into kevin 's kitchen , which was also filled with pot plants .
` ` can we take the plants back to rosie 's first and call it in from there ? ''
` ` okay then , can the police take the plants and leave kevin ?
they are n't his plants , he 's just looking after them as a concerned environmentalist . ''
` ` why did you bring the plants here ? ''
` ` i kind of led hank to a house full of pot plants and he went all cop on me . ''
now tim 's dead , the kevster 's behind bars for trying to save your pot plants and i do n't have all afternoon to tell you all that 's happened to me .
` ` i have to check my mail and water my plants . ''
i did n't have any plants .
` ` they die , i 'll buy you new plants , '' he replied .
` ` i do n't want new plants .
i like the plants i have , '' i lied again .
you can water your plants and we 'll sleep at your place . ''
this freaked me out since we were going to my place so i could water plants that i did n't own .
` ` i have to see to my plants , '' i told him .
i decided i 'd pretend i had plants , maybe get him to wait for me in the bedroom and hope he did n't follow me around while i watered my non - existent plants .
i decided i 'd pretend i had plants , maybe get him to wait for me in the bedroom and hope he did n't follow me around while i watered my non - existent plants .
` ` you do n't have any plants , '' luke said .
` ` if you knew i did n't have any plants , why 'd you bring me home ? ''
it had a nice , tidy yard with excel ent landscaping , beautiful plants and mature trees .
thick and flourishing , mostly plants and grasses , but here and there was a hint of color that made it interesting .
we had a table tucked in the corner of the terrace by the railing and behind a big plant that i was certain by the greeting the hostess gave ren that included her using a ` ` mr . zano '' in a familiar way , ren had arranged for us .
thank god for that plant .
cordelia seducing anything but a potted plant is quite beyond me , but there it is .
the crazed glint in his brother 's eyes disturbed him , but he trained his own gaze on the girl by the plants again , feigning boredom , when boredom was truly the furthest thing from his mind .
` ` probably somewhere near the potted plants . ''
with a shallow curtsy , bridget made a quick escape back to the corner near the plants .
unfortunately , the viscount stood on the side not blocked by the potted plant , so he had an unobstructed view of her nervous habit of crinkling her dress between her fingers .
and just this last year ambrose apologized to lady cordelia by giving her a dead plant ! ''
for some odd reason , wilde was hiding behind a large potted plant , his eyes fixated on lady gemma with such fervor the world could crumble around him and still he would n't blink .
without hesitation , all four of them extended an arm to point in the direction of the potted plants .
anthony pointed to the other side of the ballroom where several potted plants stood lining the wall .
` ` a plant ?
you want me to turn a plant into the toast of the ton ? ''
the plant looks more inviting than the girl standing next to it ! ''
unfortunately , the corner she chose for her hiding place was also the home to several indoor plants , which offered some lovely camouflage to match her dress , but when she backed into the foliage , her dress snagged and she was stuck fast .
hiding your beauty underneath wretched garments , protecting your heart standing by plants , and allowing others to pass judgment on you without knowing you is unjust .
her breath caught in her throat , and before she knew what she was doing , she gravitated toward the corner were the plants were , trying desperately to shrink into the background .
cordelia glanced back to her corner , her safe harbor , hidden behind the potted plants .
` ` and i probably would lose you to the plant corner for the rest of your natural life . ''
` ` you would n't be rushing off to tend the plants now , would you ? ''
it seemed cordelia had the correct idea in hiding her beauty behind the plants , for now that she was out in the open it was if a star was shining in almack 's , a star named cordelia .
` ` yes , well , the plants you had chosen to stand by can cause a woman ...
` ` you see ... when a woman of such a porcelain complexion stands too near , it is believed that plant can secrete certain toxins which , when in close contact with such delicate sensibilities , can transform one into- '' ` ` a wallflower ? ''
she did n't need his help , but even as she told herself that , she scoured the room for the closest indoor plant to hide behind .
why did they have no plants ?
` ` kidnap you , of course , and if that did n't work , i had half a mind to paint my body green in hopes that you 'd think me a potted plant and stand next to me at the upcoming ball this night . ''
his eyes still trained on the girl by the plants .
he pointed as the girl in question tried to hide behind the large plant , failing miserably .
` ` one plant at a time , my love . ''
not even plants .
the secondary characters would consist of cats and an aloe vera plant named waldo .
` ` tell me , grandma , '' i grabbed her hands and had turned her toward me , while behind me , jace slowly poured the tea into the potted plant next to the bed .
poor plant would be lucky to survive the next five minutes , let alone an entire day .
best bet , the plant dies or turns into a hybrid chicken plant that grandma takes credit for discovering .
best bet , the plant dies or turns into a hybrid chicken plant that grandma takes credit for discovering .
` ` thanks for taking care of me , by the way , and for helping me kill the plant . ''
the water 's going crazy out there and one of the neighbors ' potted plants fell off the ledge and took a swim in the pacific . ''
i slowly walked after him and froze when he pulled a camera from a spot behind one of the fake plants i 'd put on the shelf for decoration .
` ` and plants ? ''
that is until the dowager duchess of barlowe looked in her direction , even though rosalind could have sworn the plant had hidden her .
at the east end of the wall , rosalind was leaning over a small plant .
his greatest mistake was in trying to trick rosalind into thinking she was dying , when really the plant was only dangerous in large doses and only if injected .
a chill ran down her spine when she thought of the other plants found in his possession .
she would have surely died had he given her something more potent , and she was suddenly thankful that he had been thinking he was harming her with nightshade instead of the more poisonous plant .
` ` no more talking , '' stefan ordered as he dragged her to the nearest table and pushed the plants onto the floor , making the pots shatter .
but the plants in the frames - that was a brilliant touch .
these plants are all for protection , you know . ''
fewer trees and plants , too .
in the great room i find mom 's plants , and the rainbow table , and all the piles of paper and books i 'd expect .
mom 's potted plants !
my eyes fell on a plastic - looking plant in the corner of the room that had caught the sunlight .
noah turned into a small niche and withdrew a set of keys from his pocket as we approached a small structure disguised by large plants and trees .
there were some wilted plants there , and a package with the word ` ` perishable '' on the side of it , and- ` ` fake rock ! ''
a damp - looking plant hung from a planter attached to the ceiling .
class started , and we had to examine cell growth in plants under a shared microscope .
the bench is tucked away between rocks and yucca plants and cacti .
zak did n't hesitate as he entered the marble foyer that towered two stories , with arched windows that gave ample light for the tangle of plants that grew along the edge of the black and white marble tiled floor .
a few plastic plants in dire need of dusting and a shallow alcove that led to the second apartment .
then , halting in front of a seemingly blank wall , he placed his hand flat against a small scanner that was hidden in a potted plant .
it was a disgrace , she told herself as she carefully moved the plants onto the window seat and away from the frosty panes .
only then did she gather a glass of water from the bathroom and set about tending to the drooping plants .
so few people understood the care that was required to keep plants healthy , she acknowledged as she carefully trimmed the yellowed leaves and stirred the rich dirt .
` ` trying to save these poor plants you have neglected . ''
` ` you talk to plants ? ''
hastily she returned her attention to the plants .
` ` yes , and while i ' m here in this comfort i ' m losing my jobs , my rent is overdue , and my plants are dying , '' she charged , tugging her chin from his grasp .
` ` darcy is concerned about her plants .
` ` her plants ? ''
` ` i think it 's lovely that you are concerned about her plants . ''
` ` your oh - so - charming vampire absolutely insisted that you could not survive another moment without your precious plants and every scrap of clothing that you possess , which , by the way , is not much .
` ` plants ?
the great master insisted that i return to your apartment and retrieve your plants , but did he give a thought to the poor wretch he sent out into the cold and snow ?
` ` styx sent you to get my plants ? ''
there were four boxes of her various plants and a small suitcase that carried her clothes .
* * * darcy had unpacked her bags , cleaned the kitchen , paced her room and was settling her plants in the beautiful solarium as she absently listened to levet 's chatter when she heard the sound of footsteps in the hallway .
leaving levet to finish watering the wilted plants , darcy cautiously entered the hallway and moved toward an open door that had been disguised by the dark walnut paneling .
firmly shaking off the flutter of panic , she entered the solarium and moved to tend to her recovering plants .
humming beneath her breath , she spritzed the plants with water and gently plucked off a handful of wilting leaves .
shay gave a small laugh as she rose and paced toward the plants that darcy had set on the wooden shelves .
` ` i enjoy plants . ''
after all , you have n't locked me in my room , you ' ve made sure that your housekeeper always has my favorite foods , and you did send poor levet out into the snow to retrieve my plants . ''
one looked like something out of versailles , all gilt and delicate furnishings , the next was a jungle theme with towering plants and zebra - striped couches , the next a tawdry los vegas hotel room .
she made a point of avoiding the cavernous rooms that were lined with odd hieroglyphics scribbled on the brick walls and dried plants that hung from the open timbered ceiling .
with a flick of her hand , the drying plants crumbled to dust .
` ` the plants he 's using are grown only by the fey . ''
she 'd spent over a century cataloguing every plant that could grow beyond the veil where the sunlight never pierced the thick mists .
i fight the urge to not go over there and swat the plant off the table , how the shattering ceramic would be music to my ears .
the plant actually looks a little menacing , like it could extricate itself from its confines and start scuttling around the cabin .
` ` matters of great importance to the shade are being discussed and you 're here growing plants ? ''
her focus remained on the plant she was pruning .
if only to honor her memory , i made sure it was well - maintained and that all the plants were still blooming with life .
thus , i ended up at vivienne 's greenhouse instead , busying myself with tending to the plants and trying to recall lost , but precious , memories i had of my sister .
it felt like hours before ibrahim and i finally arrived at a courtyard , beautified by a variety of strange - looking flowers and plants .
the fish and water plants i found in the lake were all i needed for food .
he reached into the fire and pulled out a colorful skewer of roasted sea plants .
i spent the next few hours cleaning the exterior of her house , using coarse leaves i 'd found on plants growing in the water .
such deep thoughts being raised because someone ripped up my tomato plants .
now all i see are dying plants and a weak attempt at life .
bringing my attention back to the garden , i pick up the basil plant and do my magic .
her eyes widened at the red poinsettia plant in the green - painted pot that he was holding out to her .
` ` when i was a little girl , there were hundreds of these plants all over town at christmastime . ''
it was as if a rototiller had been driven over his strawberry plants , the very ones he 'd been planning to load into boxes this week for his customers .
i enjoyed helping her plant things , and seeing them grow was cool , but i always liked ripping things out even more . ''
` ` i ca n't believe i thought that dance i made up would help the plants grow faster and bigger . ''
as their cheerful songs filtered into her , she took a deep breath of the fresh air , the clean scent of dirt and growing plants and nature .
smiling , she moved to the plant with her scissors and had just started cutting a thick bunch when she heard a sudden sound behind her .
settling back , she glanced around at the potted plants on the little tables and the rocker and the fat armchair in the corner .
abruptly , she picked up the one living thing in the room : a small plant in a green - colored plastic pot .
but i did n't want this f**king plant , and i reallllly do n't want him to come back - most certainly not because we had bodily damage of a permanent variety happen in one of my f**king bathrooms by one of my cocksucking bouncers . ''
going behind the desk , he sat down in the cushy office chair and brought his legs up , stretching them across the flat top that should have had a computer , a plant , and a holder full of pens on it .
then again , his father hated anything out of order : plants , grass , objets d'art , furniture ... sons .
for the longest time , wrath walked around the claustrophobic space , imagining the fire kindled and throwing off warmth as it broke down aspects of the plant material , the roots , the powders ... turning nature 's bounty into poison .
` ` so , you were a plant , just like ellie ?
amy could n't be the plant on the inside .
give her the orange petals and delicate scent of a fleshy firecloud plant any day .
the humans who stayed behind when the coalition left formed a settlement in a protected valley , where they harvested the spindly cactus - like plants to use in medical dispensaries .
new queensland had roughly fifty - thousand residents , squished into apartments and adobe houses , who spent their days either searching for or processing the plants for shipment off - world .
` ` plant stuff . ''
from the front of the house , i could see the garden outside , and it looked lush and green with different plants and flowers .
it 's a native plant of south america .
james gave her a look that could ' ve withered a plant .
` ` she always hated being born in january , '' i continued , my voice blank as i stared at the lifeless plant in front of me .
hiding behind a potted plant ?
chuckling , caleb leaned forward as holly momentarily disappeared behind some hanging plants .
then she lingered in the kitchen , wiping off the faucet , cleaning the microwave and watering her plants , dreading the moment she actually had to call it a night .
the clutter seemed to be growing from the walls like some kind of space - eating plant , until only a narrow pathway remained , leading from room to room .
the officer who arrived fifteen minutes later found the imprint of a man 's boot in her plants at the back door , but that was it .
` ` he 's acting as if he 's found out you 're a plant .
a series of dark , amorphous shapes surrounded her , but she realized those shapes were her car , her chairs , her hibiscus plant , the columns on her porch .
picked up a rock from amid the plants at his feet and threw it at the window .
he did n't seem to consider her any more than he would a potted plant .
in order to sell it , she knew she should throw out the contents of those boxes , plant real flowers and give the place a facelift .
` ` he owns the knife i found in your plants . ''
reveals that she 's a plant ?
setting the phone aside , she hurried out of her small cottage and down the flagstone path dividing the abundance of plants in her front yard .
the yard was covered with a patchy , swirling mist , but in the light of day he could see that it was well - tended , full of vines and plants , potted and otherwise .
or maybe that cap was a plant .
even with her clothes sticking to her , and the knowledge that she 'd be sore tomorrow , it felt good to dig and pull weeds and work the earth , to save one plant after another from the neglect of the past few weeks .
it was n't a plant or a rock .
because they were more resilient than most plants , it was n't quite as apparent that someone had been through them , but kennedy could see joe was wondering .
the yard had no plants , just patches of crabgrass where foot traffic had n't worn it into the dirt .
she could smell turpentine in the shop , the scent of tomato plants drifting in from the garden .
gabe smoothed the soil he 'd disturbed and stretched to reach around another plant .
` ` give me the purple hydrangea plant you have right there next to the cooler , '' he said .
a hydrangea plant was n't like a dozen roses .
judging by the mobile - home park that served as a retirement community across the street , the flatness of the surrounding land , and the desert plants and pale rock below her window , it sure as hell was n't oregon .
she eyed her new chair and plant .
only a few things remained at her old place - her telephone and answering machine , her television , which she was planning to put in her bedroom , and some plants .
dottie 's knees bothered her ; she could n't bend and weed or plant , so delaney gratefully took over the small plot of earth just outside the back door and spent a great deal of time reading books about gardening .
she could smell the fresh - mown grass , see the meticulously trimmed plants in the side yard .
he continued to drive his miniature cars around the dirt roads he 'd created between the plants .
every other bouquet she 'd received was waiting in the back of jonah 's jeep cherokee - the small teddy bear and single rose from heather , the tiger lilies from her parents , the wheelbarrow plant from hunsacker and finch , the vase of wildflowers from jill and vince , and several dozen red roses from jonah .
although he 'd insisted she wear several layers of clothing , the thorny plants that scrabbled for purchase in the rocky soil still managed to sink sharp spines through the fabric or scratch her somewhere she was n't covered .
sophia gestured to the plants around them .
hot and dry , more hot and dry , and desert scrub mixed with a few other plants that looked about the same .
` ` i think i saw some yucca plants when i was gathering bananas . ''
my boots crush the plants , releasing the pungent odor of herbs - the ones the sisters of brigantia use for the famous healing potions and tinctures .
i make my way to the path , trying to crush as few of the plants as possible , then follow the flat , round paving stones to what i hope is the infirmary .
he 'd pore over seed catalogs in bed and make georgie choose which plants she liked best .
its paradise filled with all types of tropical plants but that 's not what caught my attention .
i 'd learned to hunt , learned how to set broken bones , which insects and plants were safe to eat , and how to build a fire with minimal resources .
wearing an odd , excited expression , she pointed at some plants that needed tending , and he got to work .
that fast , it was n't as restful to tend the plants with these two .
that left jael , who 'd spent fewer than ten hours tending the plants before the pair went full psycho on him .
it 's not the finest blend , but the plants are hardy .
dred tossed corpses into the chutes for processing , which fertilized their plants , but mungo took a different route , and his dead became something else , something hot and delicious for the table .
for a few seconds , he simply breathed , enjoying the way the plants scented the air .
32 in the garden the room that housed the hydroponics garden was enormous , comparable to the great hall , only instead of drunken , smelly queenslanders , this space was lush and green , every available surface covered with plants spilling out of specially formulated pods .
` ` if you 're not picky , we could use your help moving some plants to larger pods . ''
the room really was amazing , especially the climbing plants .
when he 'd first entered , he was conscious only of the plants and the richness of the nutrient mixture , of how clean and wholesome this room smelled compared to the rest of the ship .
my legs buckle , but steve is there to catch me before i do a header into the plants .
you 'll have to go through a complete body scan later , to make sure there are n't any more plants on you , but there 's no way i can pull that off without raising some major questions with our superiors .
chase leaned toward me , the way a plant turns toward the sun .
everyone and everything - people , objects , animals , plants ... even rocks and dirt and molecules of air - they 're all made up of energy .
but why would they kill their own plant in the senate ?
before the society had made him into the perfect plant .
` ` the society has plants everywhere .
the dried plant skated across my chin as it slowly brushed the tip of my ear lobe .
jason turned back to the book again , and i spotted some sort of plant on the left page , although i had no idea what kind of flower , herb , or weed it might be .
his hand was splayed across the cover , hiding the title , although i managed to pick out two words printed in dull gold foil on the worn brown leather - plants and poison .
look for anything with the words plants and poison in the title .
it only took daphne about ten minutes to compile a list of all of the books with the words plants and poison in the title .
i opened my eyes and stared down at the title on the brown cover : healing , medicinal , and poisonous properties of mythological plants .
my fingers trembling , i opened the book and flipped through the pages until i came to the passage that jason had highlighted in red : serket sap is an evergreen plant that is known in the mythological world for its intense poisonous properties .
serket sap can be administered in a variety of ways , including boiling it to create a dark green liquid , but the most popular method involves drying the plant 's leaves and roots , then grinding them up into a fine white powder in order to more easily use it ...
i stared at the left page and the picture of the small green plant , which resembled a miniature pine tree with both leaves and needles sprouting from its thin brown trunk .
` ` he 's always talking about grapes and plants and things like that . ''
all sorts of plants and flowers bloom there all year long .
farther out in the ruins , i could see small , bright splashes of color , probably the wildflowers and other plants that bloomed in the main courtyard , despite the harsh winter weather .
i moved from one vine and one patch of flowers to another , comparing the plants in front of me to the image on my cell phone .
i was close to the right edge of the courtyard , and my heart sank once again as i looked out at all of the plants and vines .
but a new image took its place - one of covington alone in the library , poring over book after book , looking at pages covered with plants , herbs , and flowers .
eir bent down and plucked a green plant from his beak - something that looked like a clump of mistletoe .
` ` the laurel is a curious plant , '' eir said .
in their attempt to poison me , the reapers had used a plant called serket sap , by drying and then grinding the plant 's leaves and roots into a fine white powder .
in their attempt to poison me , the reapers had used a plant called serket sap , by drying and then grinding the plant 's leaves and roots into a fine white powder .
the leaves ' metallurgic properties make it impossible for them to be administered in the way one might boil , cut , or grind up a more typical plant , herb , or root .
i get a glimpse of a mansion filled with potted plants and pretty tiled floors as i ' m dragged through , and then i ' m heading up a set of stairs and down a hall .
the trio of live plants , some taller than others , by the window .
people would overlook her as if she were a potted plant , instead of an eligible debutante .
she detested everything about the desert with its harsh , ugly plant life , its stinging insects and snakes , the relentless summer heat and the intense light .
palms , ferns and exotic blooming plants framed a large spa tub disguised as a rocky grotto .
she contemplated the potted plant in the corner for a few seconds and made her decision .
sundews are carnivorous plants .
a dark , earthy perfume of freshly cut flowers , potted plants and decaying foliage assailed her senses .
baskets of herbs and flowering plants hung from the ceiling .
lush green plants in red ceramic pots stood near the windows .
he studied herbs and plants looking for a drug that would do the job . ''
he found his grandfather inside the opaque structure , tending to a tray of plants .
rafe examined a row of tiny pots containing small green plants with glossy leaves .
she followed the graveled path that led past banks of thriving ferns and through a maze of exquisitely maintained plant beds .
he appeared to be totally engrossed in his plants .
he saw the overturned plant stand lying nearby just as he ended the call .
` ` i ' m no cop , but it looks to me like someone used that plant stand to hit her on the back of the head . ''
you saw your chance , grabbed the plant stand and hit her . ''
he looked up at her from the padded kneeling bench he was using to work around the plants .
i sat in the lobby 's lounge area , half hidden behind a bushy plant , and pretended to be absorbed in my cell phone , while the small digital camera hidden in my black crocheted purse recorded the lovebirds .
i crashed down next to the shards of a ceramic pot that had held a plant two seconds ago , then i scrambled to my feet .
two stories high under a roof of clay shingles , the house looked like it was a movie prop : the walls perfectly clean , the yellow stone steps devoid of any debris , and the plants flanking the walkway trimmed with precision usually reserved for bonsai .
there was something about gardens , and especially flowers , that drew magic users to them even if their magic had nothing to do with plants .
the air smelled of moisture , that unmistakable wetlands scent of mud and water plants .
a bog stretched on both sides of the trail , a few inches of water the color of tea surrounded by thriving green plants and brilliant red irises .
some say plant , some say animal , a really primitive one .
the fountain by nordstrom sat on the first floor , a round basin with plants rising up in a tight arrangement in its center .
a ring of white underground lights surrounded the plants , glowing gently under the water .
oliver poured hot water over the green plants and crushed them in the folds of one towel .
the inside of the spacious one - bedroom apartment was exactly as she had left it , except , she noted wryly , all her plants had died .
she walked across the white carpet [ _ to _ ] examine the array of thorny plants .
other man the dead house plants , everything looked fine , in fact it was hard to believe that nothing in her home had changed , when she herself had been through so much .
the walk to her office , which was in the middle spoke on the floor above the jewelry design rooms , normally took sariana through a long , glass hall full of exotic plants and flowers and into the luxurious central hub building with its spacious showrooms , ballrooms and reception areas .
` ` she was wearing a white night robe and she was just sort of drifting through the plants and trees .
the climate , the landscape , the plants and animals .
the tub in gryph 's chamber was fashioned to resemble a grotto , complete with its own waterfall and a collection of vivid green plants .
the heat and humidity are enough to cause problems on their own , but there are also a whole bunch of corrosive plants and soil materials .
they 're huge , but they eat only plants . ''
she did n't dare risk eating any of the plant life .
formal swirls of flowering plants added color and scent to the perfectly designed scene .
isabella 's apartment was a warm , cheerful space filled with thriving green plants and cast - off furniture .
but for some reason it felt right to have him here in her space , surrounded by her plants and the precious used furniture , lamps and dishes that her new neighbors had given her .
isabella 's energy had that effect on people as well as dogs and plants , he thought .
authorities believe the man either wandered into the plantation by accident or went there deliberately to steal some of the plants .
gold couches , potted plants , dark wood tables and a mirror completed the decor .
the bedroom she used as her home office was comfortingly cluttered , her computer and sheets of invoices waiting for her to catalog them , her shelves filled with books on flowers and plants .
he was about to ruin the clump of autumn sage she 'd nursed back from frost kill last winter - she 'd finally got the plant bushy again , the bright red blossoms cheerful against the green .
trample my plants ?
she had n't simply stuck clumps of plants everywhere .
the yard had been landscaped , sculpted almost , with low mounds of grass and gravel hosting small flowering bushes and plants that bloomed fiercely under the hot sun .
between the stones were gravel and scatterings of plants , blossoms moving in the summer breeze .
strong hands - she worked hard in her store , carrying plants , heavy pots and baskets , armloads of flowers , buckets of water .
` ` that 's fine , but do n't mess up my plants .
in spring and fall , these plants were a glory of red , yellow , pink , orange , and white .
she was a florist - she knew flowers and plants and how to sell them .
these plants were relentless .
she had the sickening feeling that the plants were taking their vengeance for all those flowers misty had used .
` ` harvesting flowers helps the whole plant , '' misty said firmly to them .
` ` they 're only plants , '' she said in a loud voice .
kyle , who 'd followed her , yapped at the plant while misty pulled off the blossoms , separating the mouthlike petals .
weird , misty thought dimly , because plants usually tried to push their way toward sunlight .
` ` anything about making plants stop messing with us ? ''
these plants should n't be alive at all .
she started moving excitedly to the nearest clump of plants .
` ` matt , kyle , dougal , i need petals from every single type of plant here .
she moved so fast the vines that reached for her did n't have time to latch on before she was at another plant .
graham felt his compulsion spell kick in as misty went toward the purple plants , a spring in her step .
misty lunged for the purple plants again , grabbing a handful .
misty screamed at the plants , and pointed at oison .
the plants moved sinuously toward oison , the vines that had held graham prisoner now seeking the fae .
the plants were still going for oison as well .
the plants had drawn back from the two cubs , encircling them but not touching them .
the plants could live for years in dormancy , looking dead from above .
then , after a good rain , the plant would become green and vibrant , beautiful and blooming .
it would drop its seeds , which would lie in wait in the shade of the parent plant , until that life - giving water found them .
a turquoise metal wave tipped each tower , sending rivulets of metal down the pale stone sides , like climbing plants that had sprouted a network of thin roots .
the process of fusion melded human tissue to that of plant , creating a symbiotic entity with all of the memories of the human being but none of the will .
the weather in austin was usually dry enough and warm enough for her to mix arid climate plants like autumn sage with wetter weather plants like petunias and roses .
the weather in austin was usually dry enough and warm enough for her to mix arid climate plants like autumn sage with wetter weather plants like petunias and roses .
she jerked on her gardening gloves as the porch swing creaked - jace let out a sigh as he relaxed on it - and went back to her task of spreading mulch around her new plants .
we 'd be stuck in some hovel , but she 'd make it all spotless , plant flowers , and send us out to steal pictures to put over the holes in the walls .
eggshell and white planters hung from the lattice , containing emerald green plants , mimosa , and edge vines dripping down to meet palms , carefully trimmed shrubs , and flowers growing in large planters on the floor .
audrey pretended to be preoccupied with a plant .
audrey returned her gaze to the plant .
audrey looked at the plant some more .
his face and hands , what little could be seen of them , had been dyed brown with one of the plant dyes from kaldar 's collection .
the floor was white marble , the walls tastefully decorated with living plants in white vases .
here and there , exotic plants spread their green leaves from thigh - high flower beds bordered with stone .
it 's a piece of another time , when plants ruled and animals were savage .
their dried plant odor mixed with the stench of algae that always permeated the house .
the haze obscured the chaotic vegetation , filtering it to individual congregations of plants .
i 'll be calling raste adir , the spirit of plants . ''
fusion melds a living human with the plant tissue , smothering the person 's will .
the magic poured out of cerise in a heady rush , feeding the plants .
borrower 's tree , one of the weird 's magical plants .
in small quantities , borrower 's tree was harvested to produce catalysts that bound human and plant .
william had said the hand was full of freaks ; some of them probably had grafted plant parts and needed the catalysts .
` ` i hate that plant . ''
erian passed around cups made of some hollowed - out plant .
the plant equivalent of a whip .
geysers of dirt and plant roots blossomed , hurling debris into the air .
the tentacles could n't move until the plant replenished its supply of liquid .
the plant was drinking the corpse 's fluids , consuming them like water .
the flames consumed the old boards with a loud snapping , snaked their way up the walls , melted the glass of the hothouse , and posad 's plants hissed and wailed as the fire sank its teeth into their green flesh .
there was something about the moss and the gastric juices of some sort of cavity and combining the moss with the previous plant he 'd screwed around with .
` ` there is a plant that looks like moss , '' petunia said , scratching at her eye patch .
it 's not really a plant , more like an odd cross between plant and animal .
it 's not really a plant , more like an odd cross between plant and animal .
the buildings were painted and in good repair , and most houses had deep porches filled with plants and furniture .
the species of plants and animals that did survive had developed great defenses .
once every two weeks a crew made up of members of a secret branch of the duke 's personal guard travels to the bunker and destroys any encroaching plants or animals to prevent the device from accessing environmental magic .
would at least insist on having the most windows , or more plants in his yard , or something .
` ` i was wondering if i could get a plant , '' liz said .
` ` because a plant requires nutrients , light , and water .
a patch of hair - thin stalks tipped by lavender crests of petals thrust through the spaces between wide oyster - shel plants , the inside of their leaves a blinding turquoise .
emerald green moss cushioned the bark , interrupted by bubbles of some orange - red plants and ridges of lemon - yel ow mushrooms .
carnivorous plants snapped at their feet .
someone had engineered a short - life , weapon - grade plant virus and nuked the rival 's garden with it .
there are no traces of biologicals except for the plants in the garden . ''
the signatures of the plants had dampened her bioscanner and the hair had gone unnoticed .
that would be a peaceful room filled with potted plants and places to sit .
i have sent away for many new hothouse plants .
when it was finally over , the land had lost its ability to support plant life .
the plants were finally coming back - kudzu draped a crumbling wall here and there and bright yellow dandelions and crimson bloody dandies , the dandelion 's magic - altered cousins , poked out between the fallen bricks .
against that faded backdrop , the crumpled husks of once - tall buildings hunkered down , dark and twisted , tinseled with green plants stubbornly trying to conquer the crumbling city .
ever since the shift , the moment when our slow apocalypse in progress began , the plants had decided it was time to wage full - on assault on all things human .
botany grew horticulture , forestry , plant morphology , plant systematics .
botany grew horticulture , forestry , plant morphology , plant systematics .
unusual , mrs . hill said , for a mayfair residence , which could be stuffed full of bric - a - brac and plants , but sinclair liked to have space for his guests to roam .
gold bird of paradise plants bloomed here and there .
the entire garden lay bathed in a golden glow , tiny sparks of magic gleaming on plant leaves like precious jewels .
theirs was a house where independence was encouraged , where coming in past curfew did n't result in any punishment other than the possibility of getting roped into a late - night discussion about the origin of a certain plant .
he 'd once even worked as a janitorial assistant up at the college , which was just another reason he felt he could never go to school there : how could you attend classes at a place where you 'd picked sludgy cigarette butts out of the fake plants in nearly every building on campus ?
but when they found the right building - a weathered brownstone with curved windows and a hanging plant beside the door - the voice that came rasping over the intercom was about as friendly as if they had been planning some sort of heist .
hadley moves her finger a few centimeters over , to the actual window , which looks out over a small yard with a few rows of flowering plants .
` ` sorry , i , uh , i kicked a potted plant by accident . ''
` ` you kicked a ... plant ? ''
if i had n't noticed that they did seem to improve my health , i 'd have secretly dumped most of them into potted plants instead of drinking them .
below it , an indoor garden with plants and flowers arranged around chairs , couches , and a marble fountain .
the huge vampire marty had described as ` ` creative '' in his torture techniques secretly liked to play with plants ?
she stuffed her glee back , though , pulling the rope to the left of the windows and securing it by tucking the end under a potted plant .
after a quick search of the grounds that revealed only exotic flowers , plants , and a few really nice statuettes , denise went back inside .
all his worldly possessions were piled in the corner where he 'd dumped them when my mom first said he could stay : garbage bags full of clothes , several rifles , and a plant light for growing marijuana indoors .
we skimmed along five feet from the tops of the plants .
this was his classy lobby with enormous plants .
there was absolutely nothing to see -- just the patch of highway visible under the headlights , fading into an impenetrable tangle of plants with sharp tips and briars on either side of the road .
her plants had withered ; the furniture was covered with a fine layer of dust .
the words kaiden is a vampire echoed through her mind while she watered the plants , dusted the furniture , vacuumed the rugs .
i 'd been watering the plants by the back porch .
several flowering plants added splashes of color .
she came here often to gather herbs and plants .
nodding , brenna knelt beside a large green plant with long spiky leaves .
she moved woodenly through the house , watering her wilted plants , dusting the furniture , vacuuming the carpets , and all the while , the words , ` ` he 's gone , he 's gone , '' repeated themselves in her mind over and over again .
i bought some pretty potted plants and flowers and spread them out as artfully as i could along the tops of some of the bookshelves .
with nothing else to do , i swept the floor , dusted the shelves , watered the plants .
it was a lovely old place , surrounded by tall trees , shrubs , and flowering plants .
there were fruit trees and tomato plants on one side , grass , a covered swing and a pretty gazebo on the other .
` ` i think i should go home , see if my plants are still alive , and clean out my fridge . ''
green floating algae clung to my clothes , as i tried to avoid the plants that i might become tangled in .
one half was full of plants that produced fruit .
` ` yeah , she was really good with any kind of plants or animals .
these flowers seemed so much more alive than any plants i had ever seen before .
i was leery of some hidden man - eating plant just waiting to make its move .
` ` so what 's with all the weird - colored plants and stuff ? ''
monty continued looking straight ahead and did n't even glance at the purple plant .
the metal hilt was engraved with images of plants and animals almost too intertwined with one another to differentiate .
he had always been happy to let me come in to take pictures of the flowers and plants .
the law offices of morgan and morgan were located right between the plant nursery and a bookstore .
he 'd moved on from the truck and was currently pulling leaves off a plant .
she shook his hand , but she had her eyes on noah as he once again went after the plant .
i decided to just move the plant onto the book case .
cars , plants , roofs , windows , all are powdered with a golden haze .
there were potted plants arranged all around it .
` ` these are for you , '' she said , lifting a potted plant decorated with a red ribbon .
the potted plant was from sam and ` ` all your coworkers at merlotte 's '' read the card , but it was written in sam 's handwriting .
` ` plants to water ? ''
the glasses hung down , suspended on racks , and there were artificial plants and low music and dim lighting .
bill would n't want you hurt in defense of plants and bricks . ''
there were balloons and banners and flowers and plants , and his house was meticulously clean .
i took a book , a radio , and a hat into the front yard , where there were fewer trees and flowering plants to encourage bugs that bit .
the birds were tweeting and chirping , the bugs were buzzing , and the pollen - heavy air was full of peace as if it were yet another plant emission .
i 'd left a message on jason 's answering machine , i 'd asked tara if she 'd mind running out to get my mail and my papers every day , i 'd watered my few houseplants ( my grandmother believed that plants , like birds and dogs , belonged outside ; ironically enough , i 'd gotten some houseplants when she died , and i was trying hard to keep them alive ) .
in the middle of the drive was an explosion of greenery , though i could n't discern the individual plants .
` ` oh , i got all her potted plants out and moved them down to my place for easier care , too .
he 'll watch my plants and stuff until i get back .
she turned her back to us , made a big fuss out of pinching the dead leaves off some of her plants .
` ` i 'll get the mail , and i 'll water the plants , and i 'll brush bob .
i kept my gaze fixed on the potted plant , and i kept my face absolutely blank .
obviously someone brought that bomb up and put it on the potted plant by the elevator door .
it held her television , an easy chair and ottoman , a small computer desk and her computer , and a plant or two .
though i was covered with a windbreaker , pants , and socks , the minute i began threading my way among the plants , my nose began to run .
you ' ve got the key to my trailer , so can you water my plants ?
it was an ugly spot , like the rest of the akasha , nothing but sharp jagged rocks with dead - looking scrubby plants that were the same shade of sepia as the dirt .
i wound up the hose i 'd used to water the potted plants i 'd arranged around the back steps .
a few ` ` shuddups '' come from various directions , and i think one woman may have thrown a potted plant at me .
i pick up the flowers i bought for her off the passenger 's seat and make my way up to her front porch , noticing the flowers that line the walkway and the hanging plants along the front of her house .
marian had cleaned up the herb garden , flower gardens , and rock garden , letting the plants reseed themselves .
when he finally focused on the plants growing around the courtyard walls , he realized he 'd never seen anything like them before .
a thick - vined plant tried to eat him , which snapped daemon out of his complacent wandering of the keep 's outer courtyards .
here the plants slept under a cover of snow .
as he passed them , daemon said , ` ` there is fresh meat at the end of the path - if the plants do n't consume it all first . ''
he found blood splashed over the tops of plants , following a line where there was no trail .
stepping up on air to stand level with the tops of the plants , daemon created a brighter ball of witchlight and followed the spray until he found a spot in the garden that looked crushed by a body - and he found pools of blood .
the air around him turned frigid , and the green leaves of the nearby plants frosted as he climbed the steps to the flagstone courtyard .
it should have been good soil , but it was parched , almost barren , and the plants struggling to grow would n't yield the bounty needed to feed these people .
going down on one knee , he reached out to brush a fingertip over the leaves of one little plant .
a strong , healthy plant growing vigorously now .
all the plants in the garden were growing vigorously now - had started growing within hours of cassidy 's collapse .
` ` company , '' gray said , not turning his attention away from the plants .
reyhana looked away , wrestled with a weed , and swore politely when the top of the plant broke off , leaving the tap root .
weeds creeping in and choking the good plants .
ranon stared at the special flower bed gray had made for cassidy - the plants were similar to ones found in dharo but were native to dena nehele .
first and last plant in each row got a dipper full of water .
the women who sold them plants when gray was working on the gardens at the mansion asked him if the rose queen was coming back to grayhaven .
all the plants and bulbs exploded out of the ground and hung in the air for a moment .
the bulbs vanished ; the plants fell back into the flower bed .
that garden was n't hers anymore , so her mother would benefit by having a few new plants this year .
` ` i know you have other work to do , '' cassidy said , '' but could you stay a few minutes and point out some of the good plants ? ''
` ` that 's called pearl of wisdom , '' gray said , pointing to a plant .
at least they could talk about plants .
they talked about plants while he dug and weeded , reclaiming another piece of the gardens .
` ` plant ? ''
` ` it 's a delicate trailing plant that has small blue flowers .
still looking at the plant , cassie nodded .
she gave him a quick kiss , right on the mouth , before she turned back to the wheelbarrow and began crooning to the little plants .
` ` i asked where you got the plants . ''
there are a couple of women in town who grow plants for sale .
and there are two sisters who grow a lot of the plants healers need for their brews and salves .
so when shira and ranon went to look at plants yesterday , i went with them .
he 'd get a bucket of water to wet down the new plants , and he 'd use craft to take the weight of the full bucket instead of forcing his body to do more than it should .
one plant for each .
` ` the black widows in the dark court told me that witchblood knows the name of the one who has gone , and if you know how , the plant can tell you whose blood nourished the seed . ''
they worked in the garden the rest of the morning , moving carefully between plants that now held a different meaning .
he even got his back up when i wanted to go into town with gray and look at plants for the garden . ''
` ` i ' ve got one more annual to plant .
there 's no danger of frost anymore , plants need to be planted , and nothing will happen until that ground is cleared .
and since she 's also a black widow , she 'd appreciate some ground to grow the plants the hourglass finds useful .
cassidy patted the soil around the last little plant , put her tools in the basket gray had bought for her when he and lucivar had gone to town , then frowned as she picked up the watering can .
could you fill the watering can and water this last plant for me ? ''
` ` the day i brought you the blue river plants .
` ` we do n't want our own plants pushed out because something else was brought into our land . ''
` ` she was n't talking about the plants , '' gray said .
marian does that in her garden when she wants a particular plant but wants to control where it grows . ''
maybe you should see what plants are native to dena nehele that would look similar to the seeds cassie brought with her . ''
` ` i do n't know what the plants look like , '' gray said .
` ` ask him for descriptions of the plants that come from the seeds cassie brought with her . ''
he wanted to write the letter to lord burle and ask about the plants , but he did n't feel quite ballsy enough to write a polite letter to burle when he was having these kinds of feelings about the man 's daughter - and wanting to do things with that daughter that were less than polite .
` ` how long can it take to write down the names of a few plants ? ''
i ' ve sent flowers from the late - spring and early - summer plants , but hopefully you 'll be able to match the others from the sketches in the book .
` ` plants from dharo .
` ` i 'll need a few days to study the book and select the plants that will work best in the place i ' ve cleared .
lovely little plants ready for a garden .
i told them she knew about witchblood - a plant that is not unknown in the reserves even though we 'd forgotten what it meant .
i mentioned that some of the flowers cassidy 's mother had sent looked similar to plants that grew in the southern part of dena nehele , so they sent these back with me .
the ladies sent notes with the plants . ''
each plant had a carefully written label attached to its pot .
he looked up , and was about to ask why ranon was acting so uneasy about offering the plants .
but when he looked into the other man 's dark eyes , he understood the risk - and the hope - that had been carried with these plants .
would someone from the house of grayhaven accept plants that came from the shalador reserves ?
some of the plants came from the reserves . ''
a home of her own , with a garden big enough to grow food , flowers , and the herbs and other plants she could sell to healers for their special brews .
i saw happiness wither like a plant that could n't find the right soil to take root in .
the growing season was already well along , and she was n't sure what kinds of plants might be available .
` ` there 's a lot of plants here , '' he said , nodding toward the dozens of clay pots that clogged several of the paths around the beds .
` ` well , if the spells lasted a while , people could decorate a room with one of these illusions and have a potted rosebush in a room that would n't support a real plant ... or even have roses in a climate that would n't be suitable for real ones . ''
it was n't until he really looked at the seedlings in the first pots and saw how much stronger and greener they looked than the rest of the plants that he realized what she was doing .
they 're the only healthy plants here . ''
she waited through my undignified tantrum and then quietly told me that the plants were a symbol , a way for me to learn that no one else could nurture my wishes or dreams or desires .
` ` did you get your wishes if the plants thrived ? ''
looking a little guilty , lia wandered through the herb garden , touching each plant as she passed .
jared put his arm around her shoulders and guided her toward the lane , ignoring her attempts to slow down and touch another plant .
lady lia , he 'd been told , was out gathering a few plants .
a tiered stand filled with plants occupied one corner .
the fact that she had n't been able to detect the poisons meant that whatever plants had been used were n't native to glacia .
` ` one of them comes from a plant that only grows in southern hayll . ''
even dried into a poison , did the plants tell witch the names of the ones who were gone ?
` ` we could always pour it into the plants , '' prothvar said , looking around for some greenery .
` ` draca 's only comment was that if another plant should suffer a sudden demise , she 'd ask jaenelle to look into it . ''
` ` beron helped her up and reminded her that they were n't supposed to dig up the plants .
` ` did beron recognize the plant ? ''
saetan pointed to the soft earth between two young plants .
andulvar rushed in , the air from his wings stirring the young plants , and knelt beside saetan .
except for a strong , swirling wind which bent the plants and twisted the curtains , the physical room appeared untouched , but it felt like it was filled with strands of spun glass that snapped as he passed through it , cutting the mind instead of the body .
` ` learning about plants and gardening and healing and weaponry and equitation is fun ... and languages .
whatever the price , whatever he had to do , he would make sure one of those plants was n't for her .
we 're going to have you behind this potted plant to start with , okay ? ''
behind a potted plant , huh ?
` ` what do you know about potted plants ? ''
my first sex scene was scheduled in a few days , and while the potted plant was no longer , i did seem to have a lot of scenes where i was holding a book .
` ` you see any potted plants around here ?
and i was supposed to be focusing on potted plants and their place in my natural world ?
suddenly there i was , thirty feet tall with a potted plant .
it was dark and damp , and it smelled like wet soil and plants .
others looked skeptical , like they were n't entirely sure i was n't a plant .
luc led the way to the parterre , the border of which was made up of vibrantly green hedge interspersed with a purple - leafed plant i could n't name .
there were also plants and trees along a path that wound through the space .
i was looking up at an industrial ceiling , the fronds of plants and ferns at the edges of my vision .
books and bowls of unidentifiable bits were stacked feet high upon it , as were a variety of potted plants .
when it was clear i 'd lost her attention , i left her with her books and plants and care package and a secret prayer that she 'd weather this particular storm .
the sheet was thick and yelowed , the warp and weave of fibers from some ancient plant visible like a watermark through the page .
the sitting room , especially , was completely different , now full of rugs and brightly colored furniture , ten - foot plants , and a bevy of family portraits .
i waited there a few minutes for jonah , checking out the giant urns of tropical plants and the very expensive artwork .
` ` the ticket could have been a plant , '' mallory suggested , but jeff shook his head .
the place smelled witchy - the scents of dust and paper mixed with the bright fragrance of dried plants and herbs .
he owned and operated a small flower shop and traveled around the world to acquaint himself with plant varieties .
the plant .
with one last glance at the dead plant , i went over to stare at the screen of the phone .
` ` i put some of the poison on my plant , '' i pointed to the dead , brittle thing .
the most interesting thing in here was a half - dead plant .
plants and trees grew along the bank , jutting into the moving water .
today the plants provided ample coverage .
it was lined with trees and plants .
what was left of the plane rested among palm trees and plants with leaves as big as my head .
i glanced out the back of the plane at the growing plants .
nash pushed through very large plants with huge leaves and a few palm - looking trees and stopped .
oval - shaped green fruit grew from a plant very close by .
i 'd never seen any of these plants in person before .
` ` to clean up , '' he said simply and then made his way deftly through the trees and plants while carrying me along .
the plants rustled ; a few leaves and stems quivered with movement .
palm trees and tall plants full of colorful , blossoming flowers filled the air with a heady scent .
still , it was n't as cool as it was right on the sand because the trees and plants kind of worked as a trap for the heat , keeping it in instead of letting it drift up and away .
i nodded and within moments he disappeared behind a beautiful plant with bright - pink blooms .
we walked for several hours , stopping every so often to duck into dense foliage , to drink a little bit of rainwater that gathered around the plants .
what was once a sunny yellow two - story home with bright - pink rosebushes lining the front and potted plants decorating the porch now looked like something out of a horror movie .
but those plants were not what held her here anymore .
no , she was basically reduced to a pile of bones that lay partially concealed by the plants and matter of the lake bottom .
it was green and lush with trees and plants of different shapes and sizes .
the wall to my left was lined with chairs and what appeared to be a sad - looking fake plant .
large evergreen bushes flanked the ends of the building and assorted plants in varying shades of green grew along the front .
there were lots of foliage and tropical plants back here and the neighbor 's house was n't even visible , so it made the job even easier .
chapter twenty - one ` ` nightshade - any of several plants of the genus solanum , such as the bittersweet nightshade , most of which have a poisonous juice . ''
deeper still was a strange kind of release she had n't expected , as though she 'd walked from the desert , a long desert of two years , and suddenly stumbled on green plants , sea air , and a ton of welcome humidity .
as at the underground cavern , what surprised her was all the plants , like this was any ordinary beach community with window boxes full of trailing vines , flowers , and even small shrubs .
it was similar to endelle 's palace but practical , with more hallways and private rooms , a lovely and very large central courtyard with plants from all over the world .
endelle 's beautiful graded administrative building , with terraces of hanging plants , was off to the south , camelback mountain to the north .
a gazillion plants of every size , shape , and origin created a setting as verdant as any tropical environment , just without the bugs and excessive heat .
there 's enough room on this chaise and with the surrounding plants .
the wafting moved all the plants around her in gentle waves .
greaves had won several prestigious horticultural awards for his use of graded microclimates to sustain a single body of plants in twelve evolving stages of development .
he led her room by room , all around the perimeter of the glass - and - wood structure , what he had designed with his mind and built with his hands , through several guest rooms , a media room , a large wine cellar deep in the earth , the locker where he kept his battle flight gear and his weapons , the workroom once more , and the large conservatory filled with plants and trees from around the world .
what kind of plants did you see ? ''
the next room bore white flowers on varying shrubs and smaller plants : roses , white lantana , even star jasmine that climbed a half dozen trellises at evenly spaced intervals .
beneath the glare of the sun , the desert had a washed - out appearance this time of year , as though the baking effects of the constant sunshine stripped all the plants of color .
the monsoon storms and rain would change all that in a month or so , green things up a little , help the desert plants to bloom once more before the arid fall and winter set in .
the decor was high - end but there were a great many plants all around the lobby , indicating that the owner spent money on the working environment as well as the financial future of his empire .
the plants cleaned and humidified the desert air .
all he saw were a few ill - tended palms in enormous bronze pots and a row of sickly - looking pink plants fronting the glass office wall - nothing that could account for the fresh and rather sweet floral scent that assailed him .
the plants had thrived , growing into huge mounds .
there were no plants in sight , no color on the walls , no pictures of family members .
she stood at the entrance and gasped for the breadth and height of the room , the welcome fresh air that came from hundreds of plants and trees , and the beauty of the crystal roof that peaked at least sixty feet in the air , maybe higher .
she saw the path to the back part of the property and could see gerrod towering above davido , but bent over examining a plant .
i ' m appalling at these functions - i ca n't think of a damn thing to say and i hide by the potted plants , but i told ethan i 'd be there .
nate leaned over and threw up again , aiming for the potted plant on the concrete sidewalk .
yeah , though it 's mostly indigenous desert plants .
in the mirror in front of them on the back wall of the elevator , he could n't see either one of them , just the potted plant on the console table behind them .
just the plant and his brother kyle .
he was on a gravel walkway that was separated from the long , low building by a row of indigenous drought - tolerant plants .
i hate this ugly , spiky plant .
moving behind a large potted plant and screwing her eyesshut , the mentally screamed for corbin.corbin !
the little alfresco patio 's purpose seemedto be to camouflage several large air - conditioning units with indigenous desert plants , but it also made a nice secluded seating area .
he was even more socially awkward than i was , tending to bore the snot out of people with his theories on making plastics from plant materials and the solution to the economic crisis .
lizette turned and turned , taking in the fairy lights , and the thick green plant leaves , the rich red brick , and the parade of feathers on women 's hats .
the balconies were decorated with plants and lights .
the cobblestones were dark and damp from having been recently hosed down , and hanging plants twirled lazily to his left from a balcony .
and it was way too late to wake up her curmudgeon of a neighbor , who 'd had her spare key from when she 'd watered katie 's plants the last time she 'd gone home to visit her parents .
his room was at the end of the hall , remote , the sounds of the resort buffered by palm trees and flowering plants .
glancing around , sara ran her eyes over the tired beige carpet , the wicker furniture her mother had loved so much , the excessive plants and dried floral arrangements that crowded shelves and walls .
it was quiet , the sound of water dripping down from the recently watered potted plants on the balcony above creating a rhythmic and soothing pattern .
` ` it was probably a plant brushing you , '' he said mildly .
` ` there are no plants within three feet of me . ''
regan smacked at the plant frond that kept invading her space and tickling her shoulder .
he supposed he could , though until that moment his concern had been strictly with getting himself out , not ensuring the plant 's viability .
` ` part of my job is to assess the plant 's weaknesses , that 's true . ''
like ensuring the samson plant was on solid footing .
dusk was rapidly falling , and the knee - high corn plants swayed in the soft sticky breeze .
corn plants were lazily swaying behind her and he almost laughed .
jessie yanked with fervor , tossing a spiny plant into her lawn refuse bag .
pinching a leaf off as he went down the row of lusty green plants , he surveyed his crop and was satisfied .
see all these soybean plants growing as far as you can see ? ''
even she could tell the plants were starting to strain , brown around the edges , wilting under the crushing heat .
they had traded houses with danny 's parents when jack was born , to give them more room , and amanda loved lying in the four - poster bed in their bedroom with the window seat , the soft breeze wafting in through the window , bringing with it the scent of her lavender plants .
no fish , no plant life , nothing .
she used to have all of us out there each summer tending to her plants . ''
i can see strawberries ready to ripen , blueberries nearly ready for picking , and a lavender plant blooming .
he looks up at me and i whip the plant pot from behind my back , tipping the soil over his head .
` ` you should also know i cut back your lavender plant earlier .
we step onto the decking that houses the grill , a large table and chairs , and a few random plants .
large rocks and boulders break up the thick grass and wild plants growing on either side of the stream raging along in front of me , and the water breaks every now and then making a detour around the smaller rocks that have naturally fallen away from the mountains and made their way down to here .
i glance at the back garden and the plants growing upward , obscuring my view .
i have ... well , i do n't have plants or a house anymore . ''
he needed to start keeping an eye out for aloe plants .
hugh reached into his pocket and pulled out a fistful of plant stems .
he cradled a plant in his hands , a balloon floating over it proclaiming , ` ` it 's a boy . ''
six months after i found mrs . crenshaw 's plants , i learned from one of her other students that she smoked the marijuana for her glaucoma . ''
fake plants and magazine racks were tucked into one corner .
she wondered what he thought of her bargain - basement pier 1 knockoffs and the scattered plants she 'd grafted from her mother 's garden in an attempt to fill corners she could n't afford to decorate .
water and plant clippings filled each glass container , some stems sprouting new root webs .
her gaze skipped around the room full of spice plants .
sara attacked the spiky plants with extra force .
rusty must have been sent as a plant inside paige 's home for whatever hell this bastard had in mind .
her marriage might have withered , but at least she knew bow to keep her plants alive .
eyes sparkling , she 'd brought more of that light of hers to their tiny apartment filled with babies and plants .
she was n't the same woman he 'd married , a woman who filled his life with plants and smiles and just let him be .
rena tipped back in her office chair with a slow squeak and resisted the urge to tell him not to kill her favorite plant .
his dark hair gleamed in the late - afternoon sun streaming through the window as he spun the plant faster .
hell he could n't keep all her plants straight : or her needs .
to some degree had n't she taught her son about shading the truth by pretending if she filled her house with plants and overbright smiles no one would notice her empty marriage ?
slumping against the wall by a wrought - iron plant stand , she let herself enjoy looking at j.t .
he dropped her hand and made a big freaking production out of brushing away a few dead leaves from around the base of a begonia plant in the window .
wound his way through the hall , grateful for the clutter and oversize plants that provided a helluva lot more cover than desert .
past a plant stand .
by the end of the year , he 'd bought her a window garden full of other such plants like red clover blossoms and blue cohosh .
the plant had nothing to do with kent .
mary elise bolted inside , locked the door and tried to blot the image of the tiny plant outside .
watching her hand tremble as she 'd touched that false unicorn plant had been ... satisfying .
there was a plant mixed in with your neighbor 's potted garden , a plant that 's supposed to promote fertility .
there was a plant mixed in with your neighbor 's potted garden , a plant that 's supposed to promote fertility .
if that false unicorn plant had been intentionally placed , which she firmly believed , kent had known about her return within hours of her landing .
` ` i enjoyed watching you find my other gift , the plant .
` ` ivy 's card will look just right tucked between the roses from the clarks and the plant from the squadron . ''
the place had clearly been serviced , from the fresh basket of fruit on the kitchen island to the thriving plants climbing toward the vaulted ceiling .
simple floral posters were framed and lined the walls , while live plants filled the room .
merrilee left her standing in the center of the lobby , an eclectic combination of lush tropical plants and ornate marble floor and pillars .
` ` if i ' m going to have breakfast beneath the warm sun overlooking an exotic garden of tropical plants , i 'd hate to do it alone .
she glanced around at the potted , but obviously fake plants and the bored clerk yawning behind the desk .
white walls , lavender trim , and real plants that needed watering , which was something she made time for each week .
she did n't have a problem with the house itself , but the lack of shrubs , trees , plants and flowers gave the white stucco an austere , unwelcoming look .
what 's a little plant watering , right ? ''
she said with a touch of sarcasm as she gestured around the living room , her sweeping arm encompassing annabelle 's vast collection of beloved plants .
her plants .
she walked into the small but pretty apartment with enough windows to provide lots of sunlight and enough plants for annabelle 's liking .
he was surrounded by plants , by the cat who was curled on the windowsill , by the rabbit who stared from inside the cage .
tall palm trees and lush plants dotted the landscape made more beautiful by the expanse of blue sky above them .
they all sat surrounding annie , who remained with her feet up on the couch , surrounded by her pets and plants .
my sophie is not in need of a man , so you guys out there can stop sending her flowers and plants and chocolates and things to the office . ''
she 'd added plants on the windowsills and photographs of palm trees , of pink and yellow homes and southern landscapes on the walls .
carly had added a few personal touches in the form of photographs and books and plants but little else .
the plants that are still living .
most of the dead trees and hedges had been cleared and in the few days she 'd been away the remaining plants had burst into the light green of spring .
artemis watched as phoebe bent and felt the flower before giving a quite academic lecture about the plant , its origin , and how it had come to be growing here at pelham .
he might be blunt , but he knew his plants .
spring gardens was a pleasant place , godric thought , even if he was n't much interested in flowers or plants .
an emerald beetle was revealed , perched on the stem of some exotic plant .
lord blanchard whispered the news as if the potted plant behind them might have ears .
a statue of a greek god to one side and a potted plant to the other gave them a measure of privacy .
` ` my purpose in the colonies was to discover new plants and animals .
munroe had n't actually been a soldier in the 28th but a naturalist attached to the regiment and charged with discovering and recording the animal and plant life for his majesty .
she looked at the plant 's lobed leaves .
those '' -she pointed to some plants with sword - shaped leaves farther down the path- '' are irises . ''
just this afternoon , i have been able to teach my wife the difference between a peony plant and an iris . ''
he was sent by the crown to record animals and plants in america . ''
he wrote a book describing the plants and animals of the new world .
more than plants and animals , actually .
here and there a few green plants in buckets gave the room its purpose , but mostly it was an ornamental folly .
trevor stifled an annoyed groan and stepped onto the huge patio , which featured a large oval table surrounded by wrought - iron chairs and clay pots laden with leafy green plants scattered about .
i grabbed hold of a dead potted plant and spun to heave it behind me as i tried to get enough distance between me and the monster to fight it off .
by the time i ' m done this is going to be the most lethal combination of poisonous plants we ' ve ever come across .
each plant will have a different effect so if one plant does n't work hopefully the next one will .
each plant will have a different effect so if one plant does n't work hopefully the next one will .
it 's like some kind of crazy ass greenhouse except they are n't growing plants , they 're cultivating humans , i realized .
the blast had ripped the front of the tree off to reveal the hideous core of the monstrous plant .
the potted plants hanging from the porch beams were swaying gently in the soft september breeze .
lloyd did not look at me as he stroked the dying stalks of a spider plant between his fingers .
lloyd cocked one reddish eyebrow at me as he finally released the plant and turned toward me .
` ` it has , '' he agreed , idly turning his attention back to the plant .
the garden had been my mother 's pride and joy , filled with flowers , strange plants , and the enticing scent of roses and lavender .
cade cursed as he followed behind me , struggling against the low hung branches of the plant .
i winced against the abrasive sound of the plant as the branches grated against each other .
grass and weeds sprouted up here and there , but the outside of the area we stood in the plants were burnt from the harsh august sun .
` ` if she 's an experiment of whitney 's , she could be a plant . ''
behind him was a tall divider with plants on top of it .
the truck uprooted shrubs and plants , sending them , along with smaller rocks , tumbling down the slope , creating a mini avalanche .
i ' m certain he 's whitney 's plant . ''
` ` he 's a plant , kane .
he 's no plant .
she 's a plant .
` ` did it occur to you she might be a plant ? ''
they took great care not to snap off any plants as they moved through the garden toward the back wall of the courtyard .
the bodyguard had been a plant , probably whitney 's , and he most likely was a ghostwalker .
huge plants grew nearly wild , rising to the high ceilings , the mist kicking on automatically every few minutes to provide the atmosphere of a rain forest .
kadan went to his belly again , green now , like the plants around him .
completely glass , the room could be enclosed and kept separate from the rest of the house , or , with the double glass doors opened as they were , the sweeping , dramatic plants could become part of the enormous sunken great room .
she 'd talk about all the different plants and their different uses historically .
because no matter how much in love with her crazy ways he was , he could n't ignore the fact that she had to be a plant .
the vehicle was parked behind several very bushy plants .
the nerve cells felt like plants sprouting in her mind ; she visualized them that way .
jack hunkered down , rifle in his arms , and watched the rebels emerging through the broad , leafy plants and giant ferns .
he 'd been careful not to disturb the plants on the trees as he 'd gone up , leaping most of the way , landing lightly on the balls of his feet so as not to smear moss or lichen to give away his presence .
jack froze , sliding his cache of weapons under the broadleaf plant closest to his hand .
he forced himself to maintain his slow pace , making certain not to draw the eyes of a sentry to him as he slipped under the creeper vines and broadleaf plants surrounding the camp .
she 'd always had incredible night vision , and now , staring into the area where the sniper had been , she spotted the broad leaves of a philodendron plant swaying slightly .
i want you to note briony is a type of plant just as lily , dahlia , and iris are . ''
the rolling lawns were well manicured , and flowers and plants were grouped in a small area complete with fountains and statues , giving the appearance of a small private park .
wyatt pointed his pole toward several plants .
he was well aware of the dangers , the snakes and poisonous plants not to mention the sinkholes , but this was no time to be careful , he could n't afford the delay .
the driver continued to stab at the same ground over and over making strange animal noises as he hacked up the plants and sent mud into the air .
flame eased her body over the plants and muck to get within a few feet of burrell 's killer .
` ` i think plants sometimes absorb the sound .
it gets trapped there in certain plants and i can hear it . ''
` ` you think the sound is trapped in the plants ? ''
but plants do n't have ears .
the one thing each incident had in common was that there were plants there .
not a single plant , but a large group of plants . ''
not a single plant , but a large group of plants . ''
` ` i never thought of plants .
` ` there 's an asian plant with transparent leaves called hydrilla verticillata .
for years scientists have believed songbirds contribute to plant growth by singing all the songs in the early - morning hours .
a french physicist conducted a very successful experiment exposing how plants respond to sound waves .
he composed musical note sequences that helped the plants grow .
you think the plants absorb and possibly retain low - frequency notes in their makeup ? ''
the trail was narrow and the plants slick as they skimmed the surface of the marsh .
keeping contact , they dove as deep as possible , using the rotting logs and plants on the bottom to pull them away from the island and out toward more open water .
they were screened from the island by both a rise in the contour of the island as well as plants growing along the edge of the basin they were in .
within minutes he heard the brush of clothes against plants .
light - headed , she stumbled over several rocks and plants before finding the small narrow trail leading to the strip of land .
a few scattered plants grew low to the ground , but there was no cover to speak of .
i know all the chants and the right herbs and plants , but i just do n't have the gift the way he did . ''
she delivered babies and treated all sorts of things , mostly with plants and herbs .
the courtyard was large with overgrown plants , shrubbery , and large shade trees .
if nicolas was a plant looking for information , she doubted he was a good enough actor to conjure up the violent energy his anger was generating .
nicolas cut branches from a plant that grew in abundance along the river .
he simply became the plant , moving in slow motion across the reed - choked bank so sluggishly it was impossible to detect him .
he lay right out in the open , on his belly , stretched out among the plants and bushes , crawling his way up the river until he had the old dilapidated house in sight .
i enjoy working with plants , and fortunately , the weather is mild enough that the gardens stay green nearly year round .
i have beds of herbs and healing plants as well . ''
as still as statues , they remained in the water , camouflaged by the reeds and plants with only their heads and shoulders above the surface , rifles trained on the enemy .
two men researching a supposedly extinct plant had arrived from europe seeking a guide to go up a mountain in the andes as well .
one of the two men researching plants , jubal did n't appear to be a man who spent a lot of time in a lab .
when her mother walked through the backyard at their home in california , riley was fairly certain she could see the plants growing right in front of her .
gary and his friend must be very good at studying the properties of plants , because the gel really works . ''
although both were clearly american , gary and jubal had journeyed from somewhere in europe to search for a mythical plant with extraordinary healing properties that supposedly grew high in the andes .
her mother attracted plants everywhere she went .
she stepped between her mother and the bank , gripping the railing with both hands and staring out at the unfolding plants with wide , shocked eyes .
the porters and the guide stared at the reaching plants and trees and then turned to look directly at annabel .
the fact that the plants and trees responded to her only fed superstition .
maybe he had the means and knowledge to understand the properties of a hallucinogenic plant and the entire expedition , but what would be his motives ?
without a doubt this man had saved her life , but jubal sanders and gary jansen researched plants .
they both admitted they 'd come to the andes in search of a plant that was supposed to be extinct everywhere else and that the plant was native to the carpathian mountain range in europe .
they both admitted they 'd come to the andes in search of a plant that was supposed to be extinct everywhere else and that the plant was native to the carpathian mountain range in europe .
if this language had originated in that same area , what were the plant and language doing in south america ?
she felt the individual plants , each of them with their own character and personality .
awareness of every living tree , shrub and plant nearby rose until it was absolutely acute .
so this was why her mother was so in tune with plants .
riley actually started , so caught up and absorbed by the myriad plants around her and the feeling of being almost transformed , mesmerized by the existence of such intense life all around her that she 'd nearly forgotten there were witnesses to the ritual movements her mother performed up on the mountain .
riley knew to watch her hands and feet , to try not to brush up against plants and trees .
she 'd always been sure - footed and moved easily among the plants and foliage .
the plants protected her rather than attacked her .
everywhere her mother stepped , plants grew as she passed over the thin trail .
as long as she walked in her mother 's footprints no thorn or spiny - leafed plant would harm her .
i ' m not certain it 's such a great idea to go up , although the plants we 're looking for are supposed to be close to the ruins .
if those plants are really there , we need them . ''
these plants are as important to them as they are to us .
the plants have never grown anywhere but the carpathian mountains , and they 're extinct there .
the sun had faded , bringing shadows into the rain forest , changing the appearance of plants to monstrous shapes .
for the first time in her life , she was wholly fascinated by the growth of the plants .
for a few moments , as darkness began to drop its shroud , the surrounding plant life had seemed frightening ; now it was exquisitely beautiful and even comforting .
riley was careful to step close to her mother , covering her tracks , so the porter could n't tell the plants pushing through the thick vegetation had n't already been there .
everywhere the pools and spattered droplets of annabel 's blood had sunk deep , flowers and green plants shot up , pushing through rich soil toward the sky .
the plants close to her reached to wrap tendrils around her , to touch her .
the foliage tried to retreat from the blade , subtle vibrations warning plants ahead of them .
the plant 's lifeblood was cool and sticky , and a calm descended into her mind , helping her to focus on what she needed to do .
she placed one foot in front of the next , allowing her hand to linger , keeping contact with the plants until the last possible moment .
she felt the shift inside of her , her tight lungs easing , drawing a full breath of fresh air , letting the plants take much of the burden of her sorrow and fear of what was to come .
he had always found it utterly disgusting that all living plant life responded to her instead of him .
he 'd tried , in the earlier years , watching her walk through a field with flowers and plants springing up around her , to do the same , but the earth refused to speak to him .
she 'd grown up seeing the strange things her mother could do , but even as a child , she 'd known others would never accept that plants grew beneath her mother 's feet when she walked and reached out to her whenever she was close .
he understood the whispering of the earth , the information she gathered when she sank her hands deep into the soil - that complete affinity with and the need , even compulsion , to care for the plants and environment around her .
we actually came here to research a particular plant we thought long extinct .
a small group of adventurers had come here last year and one had a picture of the plant on his blog on the internet .
a friend of ours just happened to stumble across the photograph and sent it to me knowing my interest in rare plants .
i got in touch with the miner who described the plant and i became certain it was what we were looking for .
blackened pools of acid stained the ground , and burned through any plant or tree that had been left standing on the side of the mountain close by .
she realized the song from the plants and earth she had heard since waking had changed , becoming discordant .
riley could feel the plant life trying to bend away from the taint of evil the group carried with them .
the earth cringed beneath their feet , insects scurrying away , plant roots withering beneath each step .
riley reached for the trees and the plant life with a mental sweep of her hand .
the foliage vibrated at her touch , then leaves unfurled and roots extended as she encouraged the plants to grow .
making plants grow with just her will alone .
already , the flowers blossoming all over her plant wall had wilted and died .
the earth cried out at the abomination of evil and the destruction of plant life .
closing her eyes she sent out energy , the seeds of plants , trees and flowers moving through her mind .
the soil was rich with minerals , fuel for the plants to aid them in recovery .
behind him , gary and jubal were looking at the amazing growth of plants .
there was no feeling of evil thanks to dax , and the ground was more fertile and thick with an abundance of young trees , ferns and plants .
he gestured toward the wide circle of plants .
without being surrounded by plants and the soil , riley felt her mother 's loss acutely .
each time the plant moved , it released a gaseous stench of evil into the room , threatening to choke her .
she could heal the soil and plants before mitro returned if dax would just give her the chance .
the soil and the plants surrounding them moaned continually .
each plant waited like a bloated spider for prey to come to it .
all conversation ceased , but the group began to chant , a low sound at first , but quickly swelling to a frenzied volume as one vine snaked out and shackled the boy 's wrist , dragging him into the plant .
the only way for the plants to survive was the twisted feeding of the mutated taproots mitro had provided .
she might not be a warrior , capable of helping riordan with the rabid followers of a vile vampire , but she could at least enlist the plants to help where they could .
the veil of mist blanketed the forest now , making it nearly impossible to see the trees until they were right up on them , but he could feel them through the hair on his body and the energy radiating from the living plants .
the burn marks , the withered plant life , blood everywhere , but no body .
the very plants and trees shrink from them .
very little plant life managed to grow amid the boulders and rocks , just a few scraggly flowers and grasses .
coming from the earth 's very core and spreading throughout the land to give life to the plants and trees , all the flora and fauna .
sometimes he thought he could actually see and hear the plants growing around him .
she could grow any plant , and sometimes , plants responded just to the sound of her voice .
she could grow any plant , and sometimes , plants responded just to the sound of her voice .
hundreds of ferns had pushed up all around the bushes so that the fronds intertwined with the leaves of the plants , forming a natural shelter .
a waterfall burst from the side of a mountain , crystalline and shiny , tumbling to the wide pool beneath it where giant ferns ringed the water and shrubs and plants congregated close .
she could see the surrounding mountain was all snow and ice , but in the cradle , trees and plants and even flowers grew , birthed by the years of wind bringing seeds to the rich soil inside the shallow crater .
flowering plants hung in pots off the streetlights and there was n't a sign of graffiti anywhere .
when the door swung open ten minutes later , karen kept her eyes focused on the ridiculous crocheted plant hanger that went out of style sometime in the seventies .
the tight tongues made this ass plant another dead bird and throw them off track .
richard had a virtual garden on his roof , complete with every potted plant imaginable and several trees granting privacy from lurking neighbors .
over the entire rooftop , a covered balcony kept the direct sun from damaging all the plant life and property .
same rock , same lights ... same plants .
though the plants had grown and were barely tamed .
thank god he did n't have live plants .
a large fountain circled by plants and meandering paths between the main hotel and the bungalows dominated the page .
` ` just water the plants , '' monica said laughing .
dean was pointing out different objects and plants with savannah propped against him .
live plants filled corners , and fresh flowers sat in vases by the front door and in the kitchen .
you can make plants grow ? ''
` ` tara 's gift manipulates plants and nature .
she bought packets of seeds for several types of plants , fruits and vegetables .
` ` the gate was open while i tended the plants .
she stood and walked him to a plant with huge green leaves and a bright yellow flower .
tara talked to the plants while she finished up her work for the day .
it was loaded with everything from medication , to seeds for every plant available , and books about how things are made in the future .
or colorful tropical plants waving in the current .
small pools are scattered around us , with sea life in each one , plants and shells , crabs and seaweed .
plants line the drive , and weeping trees form a canopy , creating a shadowy walkway .
there are very slight trace amounts of a poison with the chemical makeup of nightshade , a naturally growing and very fatal plant .
my family , my great - great - great grandfather , was consumed with creating the perfect hallucinogen , the perfect concoction of poisonous herbs and plants that would turn the minaldi men into beasts ; beasts that would be eaten alive by their own guilt at actions that they could n't control .
a one - hundred - forty - eight - year - old vampire simply did n't have nervous energy ... even when he came face - to - face with his own weakness , which , in the case of voss , was the unassuming hyssop plant .
and the only way either of those things would happen was if he came face - to - face with the damned hyssop plant and it weakened or paralyzed him .
a bit out of breath from the quadrille she 'd just finished with the very energetic mr . clayton beemish , angelica smiled and edged closer to the large plant , allowing its branches to flutter in front of her - the better to keep the conversation unnoticed .
plants hung from high on the walls , blossoming tendrils falling like rapunzel 's hair and releasing floral scents into the air .
beyond the clusters of people and the dangling vines from the babylonian plants , the doors to the gardens were open .
there were no plants , no food seasoned with the herb .
inside , she found a chain intertwined with the stem of a plant .
and for now , i want to understand how this plant ... whatever it is ... affects you . ''
he gestured faintly toward her and she understood that was the name of the plant she wore around her neck .
` ` the pain is only too great if the plant touches me .
angelica pulled away , slamming her hand over the plant stem , smashing it against her chest .
they walked for a while , angelica identifying the flowers and plants he 'd long forgotten .
` ` aside of the fact that he was a friend of my father 's , the benefit of having a medicinal written only about plants native to the local soil , my dear miss woodmore , is much more efficacious than one written by an ancient .
this power sent plants in to destroy us from the inside .
` ` elias was a plant .
healthy plants and colorful orchids make the place seem less sterile .
` ` i ' ve driven through here on my scooter before , when i was looking for some plant material for a botany project i was working on , '' said jonathan .
it had been pretty much perfect until those drug dealers had come along and ruined it all with their stupid pot plants .
` ` it 's a member of the cannabis family - a very fibrous plant that makes excellent cloth , rope and other useful things .
the girls , in their explorations for cloth and other items that could be used to make things for the treehouse , found a group of plants in the jungle that came from what jonathan thought might be hemp .
jonathan had the girls pull the plant fibers off in long strips ; they used these strips that were braided together to make a plant rope to wrap around and bind the bamboo poles to one another .
jonathan had the girls pull the plant fibers off in long strips ; they used these strips that were braided together to make a plant rope to wrap around and bind the bamboo poles to one another .
each notched joint was fitted into place , then tied with several lengths of plant rope .
she 'd convinced the guys that the girls needed cots to sleep on , so they had cut some thinner bamboo poles to her specifications ; she put the frames together , tying them at the corners using the fibrous plant rope .
this she hung by its plant rope loop on a splinter of bamboo that had been implanted into the side of one of the poles of the treehouse in the area she had designated as the bathroom .
they took the guts she had removed and put some of them on the end of a piece of plant rope and hooked it up in the cage , the rest they buried far from the treehouse .
candi came over with a piece of bamboo that had palm canvas wrapped around it , tied in place with thick layers of plant rope .
sarah went to her workshop , returning with a cage that was made of bamboo , held together at all of its joints with the plant rope .
sarah had carefully tied each chunk at the roots with the plant rope and then back combed them until each of them turned into a tight dreadlock .
she tied off the ends with more plant rope to keep her handiwork from coming out .
there they found sarah and jonathan busy making tiki torches out of bamboo poles , palm canvas , and mounds of plant rope .
i was going to use a plant rope surrounded by flowers , but so far i ' m having a hard time getting holes in the coconut halves that did n't split the entire shell . ''
she had picked about a hundred tropical flowers in whites and pinks and was in the process of sticking their little stems into spaces in the plant rope part of the halter - top .
` ` yeah , and that many wild plants had it , and it got blown by the wind to all kinds of places , right ? ''
the entire squared - off area was filled with plants , none of which were more than five feet tall .
they also were n't palms or guavas or any of the other plants and trees they were used to seeing on the island .
sarah held out her arms , presenting the plants with a flourish of her arms .
they just looked at the plants , then back at her .
` ` it 's a field of short plants . ''
` ` look a little closer , wikipedia guy , see if those plants look familiar to you at all . ''
` ` when these drug dealers come to the island , they 're either going to come just to check on their plants , or they 're going to come to harvest them .
either way , it 's going to be more than one guy probably , maybe even several , and they 're obviously going to come by boat ; so , maybe when they come , we can hide at the edge of the trees , and when they 're in the forest with the plants , we can swim out and get on their boat radio and call for help . ''
i do n't think drug dealers go to the trouble of putting in all those plants and installing an irrigation system just to walk away and leave all that money in the ground . ''
the signal was a piece of the white sheet they had torn off to hang on one of the branches , visible from the water and hopefully not visible from the jungle where the pot plants were .
` ` get me some plant rope .
sarah was back with some plant rope in less than a minute .
` ` well , i assume they will because those plants look pretty big , like they 're ready to harvest .
that 's a lot of plants to haul . ''
they were looking all around the pot plant area , including the place where we had come in and trampled all the plants down .
candi , you and i can swim out to the boat we 're not going to take , and tangle our bed sheet and some plant ropes around the propellers of that boat as much as possible .
then they bound his hands and feet with lengths of plant rope , finishing him off by tying a cord around his head to securing the sheets inside his mouth .
now that the pirates knew the coast guard was locked in and coming , they had to choose between getting revenge and getting caught , or going away and harvesting as many plants as they could before they were discovered .
neither of us spoke , making it easier for the sounds of the wild west to trickle in and take over my normally busy - with - words mind : a hawk screeching ; wind blowing through branches ; leather squeaking and creaking on the saddle ; the horses ' footsteps over rocks and crunchy plant debris ... swish , clop , swish , swish , clockle , crack ... swish , clop , clop , crack .
so far , i ' ve been able to hide different bites of food in rebel 's potted plants , the toilet , and other places , rather than eat them .
plant flowers over them too , if you do n't mind . ''
todd stood just to the left of the chairs , while colin was positioned near the back of the captain 's office , right beside an oversized green plant .
a plant todd was n't entirely convinced was real .
cara stood near the captain 's obviously fake plant , arms crossed over her chest .
` ` hell , some of 'em might not have even been cops , just plants who were sent in . ''
she 'd never heard of the plant , and if it could do what they said ... dane did n't glance back at her .
` ` turns out she was an fbi plant , too . ''
realm is a plant , a fake .
within a minute , leona 's sister appeared at the table , talking animatedly and blocking their view of the plant .
inside the aviary were trees , plants , and animals such as rabbits , guinea pigs , canaries , and other species of birds .
inside , with the many trees and plants , there were canaries , rabbits , guinea pigs , and lots of different types of birds .
antonio and luther were standing side by side , staring through the glass of the aviary at the trees and animals and other plants .
` ` he can petrify any plant , animal or even human - totally turning them to stone . ''
the earth rumbled slightly as the tree 's legs took their place among their neighbors - other trees and plants nearby .
the plants .
` ` the green , for me anyway , is not just the forest area ... it 's everything in it and all the energy that flows out of and through it and around it - the energy that comes from the plants , the creatures , the air , the ... shit , i do n't know .
i guess if someone wanted to put a scientific label on what was happening with our touch , they 'd say it was an exchange of life forces - human and plant .
becky walked over to where a bunch of plants and ivy had been trampled .
they could communicate feelings to me and respond to my requests doing plant stuff with their branches and leaves - but as far as i knew that was the extent of their capabilities .
the energy was a heavy rumbling - deep and dark green - blue , coming up from the center of the forest , channeling power from trees , plants , creatures , the lake , the air , everything .
i sent a mayday message out to the green , not expecting there to be a plant out there that knew how to shoot bows and arrows , but i did n't know what else to do .
it must have been green at one time - i did n't see how else any plant could survive here .
lush plants in pots dotted the flagstones , with trees and other greenery surrounding the pool area , giving way to a beautiful , deep - green lawn that employees manicured weekly .
` ` i ' ve been back to thiskil recently and there are a few weeds and plants growing , but it 's still mostly dead .
this one held plant and animal life in abundance .
trees , plants , waterfalls and small ponds were scattered here and there , decorating spaces in and outside the resorts .
i hid behind a large , leafy plant .
` ` but in that time we apparently have to prune , weed , fertilize , plant and mulch .
i hid behind a row of tropical plants and watched as the three men sampled this or that , discussing the food .
lush trees and plants grew in small oases around the equator , where most of the population lived .
the square courtyard was surrounded by the rest of the house , and held a pool , a patio and a lush garden with tropical plants .
the climate will fail , plants and animals will die and then the people .
we 'd settled in the capital city of shillvas and the entire news vid had been about some sort of blight on a few exotic plants and changes in weather patterns .
the carvings were intricate and whimsical at the same time - leaves , plants and tiny creatures that hid among the vines and branches .
water lilies and other plants grew in the shallow expanse .
the drakus seed plants seemed to go on forever .
` ` the plants need sun and a lot of water .
` ` were the plants native to this world ? ''
` ` let 's help the others burn drakus plants . ''
his analogy was good ; blackweed was a pernicious plant that choked out all other plants if allowed to grow unchecked .
his analogy was good ; blackweed was a pernicious plant that choked out all other plants if allowed to grow unchecked .
a high fence surrounded the small patio and a few tropical plants placed in the corners kept it from appearing so empty and stark .
it looks like a jungle outside - lots of tropical trees and plants , and it 's really humid .
i wanted to see these plants for myself .
farzi lifted a branch of one of the drakus plants .
the plants were almost completely brown around me , but even without that visual confirmation , i would have known .
` ` some of the plants in two fields look like they 're dying , as if they 're not getting enough water , '' i said .
the ground is damp and still the plants are brown . ''
the affected plants were stunted and brown - leaved , but outside a narrow swath in those two fields , no other plants were disturbed .
the affected plants were stunted and brown - leaved , but outside a narrow swath in those two fields , no other plants were disturbed .
` ` we might get a partial harvest from these , '' wilffox was examining the branch of a plant farzi showed him .
stopping there amid a profusion of tropical plants , i turned to farzi , nenzi and the others .
the field that arvil had chosen to display was two away from where the brown and dry - leaved drakus plants were .
the plants were as high as my shoulder in the field - they were scheduled to be harvested in two days .
` ` what you hold in your hand is worth one hundred thousand alliance credits , '' arvil went on when the woman broke off a branch of a plant .
the fields containing the brown - leaved plants were nearby and lay in the proper direction .
if you need to come home later , the key is under the yucca plant on the front porch .
i ' ve actually learned a few new things about plants , too . ''
and teach me about plants ? ''
do you get this excited when you play with your plants or feed the cows ? ''
` ` baby , no plant could ever have my dick coming up this soon after having sex with your- '' ` ` choose your words wisely , '' i said as i gave him a look .
i knew courtney understood my passion for plants , and she loved helping me in the garden , so i knew this would get her good .
thank you for your never - ending knowledge of plants . ''
i made my way around the side of the house to the small potted plant that held the ugliest plant i 'd ever seen .
jessica 's dad said no one in their right mind would even think to look under that plant for a key .
it was kind of cold , in fact , and although there were a few plants in there , there was nothing personal .
okay , so it was definitely weird for his mom who was freaking out over the fact that no one was watering her plants , or doing her job , and that the neighbors would be so worried .
charlie did n't care about plants , or his job , or his neighbors .
rumor had it that human alcohol did n't affect the fae , but nightshade , a plant toxic to humans , worked just like liquor did .
there were separate balconies with the entrance to the first floor at the front , and the entrance to my place along the back , which was accessed through a gorgeous courtyard overflowing with potted plants and flowers .
potted plants , large and bushy , were placed every couple of feet .
and plants .
magic tied to plants and nature was a common gentry power , and several people must have been hard at work in decorating the grounds .
one of the perks of the oak land 's perpetual autumn was that trees and plants that normally only bore fruit late in the year were always producing .
elaborate designs of animals and plants had been worked into the wood with painstaking care .
as we drove away from the airport and the more populous areas , i saw that the trees remained green but that the grass and low plants were yellowing .
she seemed so happy that i figured it was n't worth mentioning the plant names were coincidental .
the weather was so mild that fruit and plants grew in abundance .
` ` you know plants ? ''
i mean , she controls plants ... so maybe her magic would ' ve done something to them since they 're into trees .
opening my eyes , i saw little but a dark , muddy landscape , but i could tell the plants and trees were on the verge of making their comeback .
just as i 'd seen dorian healing his oaks , i was able to coax the plants and trees of my kingdoms to grow again .
most of my efforts were focused on the rowan land , which contained more food - bearing plant life .
even though the thorn land was n't a priority for food production , i still worked to restore some of the plants and trees there .
i often had to spend a lot of alone time with one tree or plant , and then frequent visits were required to keep aiding each step in the process .
instead , all the plants and trees bore the look of late summer , green and bursting with fruit .
our water was running low , though both jasmine and i could pull water out of surrounding plants if necessary .
in an instant , all the plants and trees in a huge radius withered and water shot from all directions toward kiyo .
` ` come on , just because a fern 's a vascular plant does n't mean it 's producing carbon dioxide any differently , '' he interrupted .
i 'd purposely touched my teacher 's potted plant in our last class , getting dirt on my fingers .
the two of them probably spent most of their time in the basement or in the garden outside , growing the various plants they then consumed or sold .
but there was nothing to telekinetically throw , no plants to summon like sonya might do .
they can fish out your soul and keep it for a trophy , or they can pass visions in and plant dreams that will grow in the dark like toadstools .
it made her think of the pale , desperate roots that force their way out through the drainage holes in potted plants .
one of the geranium plants was dead , and there was litter , and noise .
that was the high - mountain plant whose stinking resin they burned on their torches at the caves .
before the weather warped and the plants struggled to flourish .
there are fresh flowers in five different vases and four brightly painted walls and there 's a little desk in the corner with a little matching chair and there 's a potted plant and a set of old paintbrushes and there are picture frames , everywhere .
or a potted plant .
not raw earth , though ; furred over with grass and meadow plants - not just furred , he saw , limping over to have a closer look .
the sight did n't distress him ; it seemed only vaguely interesting , the dark red smears a contrast to the grayish green of the moor plants around him .
thank god it was n't raining ; impossible to hear through the pattering of raindrops , and the pungent scent of wet plants masked the smell of animals .
so that was why she bade me plant potatoes - and build this place . ''
` ` i only meant , major , that eating green plants will stop ye getting scurvy and loose teeth .
` ` green plants stop scurvy ? ''
he landed heavily in the earth of the flowerbed , not caring that he crushed several small and tender plants .
the road existed ; i could see the outline of a rough track that led along the base of the hill , a dark , silvery line in the gleaming green wetness of the moor plants .
the thick bushlike plants must be mangroves .
the vegetation began to change from the gray - green mangroves to a lusher green , with a thick undergrowth of grass and mossy plants that obliged me to walk in the water .
stern helpfully pitched in with the labor of repair , delegating to me the guardianship of his specimen bag , and charging me with the task of searching the nearby jungle for any curious specimens of arachnida that might come to hand as i looked for medicinal plants .
then the wind changed , and i smelled the clean , damp scent of moss and wet rocks from the stream , with all the tiny pungencies of the water plants intermingled .
fireflies lit the yard , drifting like green sparks among the damp , lush growth of plants .
the fresh green of arrowhead and pickerelweed rimmed the banks , some plants dragged out of the soil by the rising water and whirled downstream , more hanging on by their roots for dear life , leaves trailing in the racing wash .
we- '' ` ` you have plants that are physically dangerous ?
` ` insects come and lay their eggs on the leaves of some plants , do you see ?
the plants secrete certain rather strong - smelling substances in order to repel the bugs , and the concentration of these substances is highest when the need is greatest .
as it happens , those insecticidal substances happen also to have quite powerful medicinal properties , and the chief thing that troubles this particular sort of plant '' -she brushed a feathery stem under his nose , fresh and damp- '' is the larvae of moths . ''
the stem was withdrawn , the plant thrust into her bag with a rustle of muslin , and her head bent as she felt about for more .
` ` and some plants are fertilized by moths .
` ` most plants , though , are troubled by daylight insects , and so they begin to secrete their useful compounds at dawn ; the concentration rises as the day waxes - but then , when the sun gets too hot , some of the oils will begin to vaporize from the leaves , and the plant will stop producing them .
` ` most plants , though , are troubled by daylight insects , and so they begin to secrete their useful compounds at dawn ; the concentration rises as the day waxes - but then , when the sun gets too hot , some of the oils will begin to vaporize from the leaves , and the plant will stop producing them .
so most of the very aromatic plants , you pick in late morning .
and so the shamans and the herbalists tell their apprentices to take one plant in the dark of the moon and another at midday - thus making it a superstition , hmm ? ''
despite his preoccupation , he heard the small note of desolation in her voice , and reached for her hand , disregarding the fact that she still held a plant in it .
besides the ripe reek of the swamp , rich with mud and rotting plants , he could smell his own skin , salty and rank .
though grey had joined him in this process once , from curiosity , and found it oddly pleasant , if a little unnerving , to be sitting mother - naked in a room equipped with elegant furniture , potted plants in the corners , paintings on the- no .
then went back to add a large asterisk beside foxglove to remind me to add strong cautions about the use , as all parts of the plant were extremely poisonous in any but very small doses .
the wind was toward him , though , and the deer was busy , nibbling among the crusts of dry heather for sheltered bits of grass and softer moor plants .
he 'd said ` ` hemp , '' and that was undoubtedly what he 'd been smoking ; the psychoactive form of the plant did n't grow in england and was n't commonly imported .
reaching the end of his line , he set down his pen , removed his spectacles , and looked up at me with the bright face of a man who lives for plants and fully expects the world to share his obsession .
i had n't got so far as worrying about dire circumstances , but thanked her , and the conversation went back to plants .
the company of plants is always soothing , and after the incessant - well , you could n't call it sociability , exactly , but at least the incessant presence of people requiring to be conversed with , directed , hectored , scolded , conferred with , persuaded , lied to - that i had experienced over the last few days , i found the rooted silence , rushing stream , and rustling leaves balm to the spirit .
there was a wooden thump as he kicked open the door of the new potting shed , and suddenly we were in a light - streaked darkness smelling of sun - warmed boards , earth , water , damp clay , and plants .
` ` my brother sent it to me from paris , '' jenny told him proudly , opening the book to a double - page spread of the continent of india , where the starred circle indicating bombay was surrounded by small drawings of palm trees , elephants , and something that upon close scrutiny turned out to be a tea plant .
` ` i can see plants hanging from the ceiling , i think . ''
it was almost dawn before i felt jamie slide into bed behind me , bringing chilled skin and the smell of brine , cold mud , and marsh plants with him .
look , i found a huge ginseng root , and a birch gall and- '' he stopped this with a kiss , and i dropped the soggy gunnysack full of plants on the path and kissed him back .
most of the bulbs had been pawed up and eaten , and while a few of the softer plants , like lettuce and radishes , had escaped long enough to reseed themselves , the growing plants had been nibbled to scabby white stalks .
most of the bulbs had been pawed up and eaten , and while a few of the softer plants , like lettuce and radishes , had escaped long enough to reseed themselves , the growing plants had been nibbled to scabby white stalks .
` ` the horticulture classes use this to grow plants and play with soil composition and all that stuff .
miracle asked , turning her head this way and that to check out every plant they passed .
glancing quickly toward the nondescript green plants he 'd seen dozens of times , he wondered what she found so interesting , wondered what she was thinking of as she looked at the foliage .
the room was filled with nothing but plants , hot air and the sweet scent of the orchids .
hardy led her down the narrow aisle between all the ` ` normal '' plants , as she called them , to the bend that would lead them to the orchids .
the hardwoods turn to beautiful travertine tiles that lead into a short corridor that 's filled with big pots filled overflowing with exotic plants .
he just wants me to water the plants and stuff , keep an eye on things .
children , animals , plants - i doubted there were many organisms immune to his charm and charisma .
the way you made it sound , it has something to do with plants . ''
the plant stand at the corner of the living room is overturned and there 's dirt and foliage all over the floor .
` ` just that one of their plants had called in the night before and said that one of you had been pretending to be both twins , but that the other one - the real one - was back . ''
she could remember entire dna structures of a thousand different plants and animals , but names ... who needed to remember names ?
no art of hers on the walls - for these prints of southwestern american pueblos were surely intended only for people who considered artwork as furniture - but also not even a plant or a discarded bit of clothing .
' i 'd suggest a plant , ' her new assistant jason said , stepping into the doorway .
the sight of a red bus made her happy , the sight of a wilted pot plant in a cafe window made her vaguely weepy .
the new ` ` information resource center '' is two floors up , set in an atrium around a collection of oversize and suspiciously exotic potted plants .
' i like the plants .
great craters sat in their midst , filled with water , their green algae and plant life hinting at their long standing , the townspeople mute as they watched us pass .
he is standing on the little patio , which is crammed with terracotta pots of straggly plants , made spindly in the winter frosts .
' how do you know he 's not a plant ? '
i could give you the latin name of almost any plant you cared to point at .
the funny thing was , i did n't even do latin at school - mine was a rather minor public school for girls where the focus was on cooking and embroidery , things that would help us become good wives - but the thing about those plant names is that they do stick in your head .
his mates swayed gently around him like aquatic plants .
when i got to the barn , i reached under one of the potted plants to get out the hide - a - key .
as she hummed a gospel tune , she would give nourishment to the plants she loved .
trees of all different colors and textures surround us , and the sun shines down in patches on the leaves and plants covering the forest floor .
trees , plants , branches , and leaves surround the pathway .
this was my first visit to the south pacific and i was in awe of the idyllic setting , crystal - blue waters , brilliant blue and cloudless sky , tropical flowers and plants , and rolling hills in the distance .
water my sure - to - be - dead plants . ''
jax plants his feet again and prepares to unload another kick .
` ` when i went home yesterday to water your plants and get the mail ...
eriss giant man - eating carnivus plants that rose up from the bottom of the sea had eaten many a wayward fishing vessel that had strayed from the trading route .
the calmer the water , the more likely the plants were to strike , which was why some seamen would rather risk facing the wrath of eriss storms than be caught up in a nest of carnivus plants .
the calmer the water , the more likely the plants were to strike , which was why some seamen would rather risk facing the wrath of eriss storms than be caught up in a nest of carnivus plants .
eriss sea dragon , even more menacing and powerful than the carnivus plants .
imaya was stunned to see the massive heads of the plants bobble away from the boats path , as if they were parting to let the vessel pass .
why are nt the plants attacking ?
imaya hissed at her brother to be quiet , but despite his outburst , the carnivus plants still kept their distance .
did the plants believe this boat to be the dragon ?
it gently lit the tall chamber , and there on the floor atop dark , dark soil there were bushy , green plants .
her central mind follows the main tunnel down into horticultural records where it begins accessing boring ai - approved data on the history of gardens , future park projects , and everything else from plant care to fungal remedies .
the most he ever saw was five maybe a family hoping to survive together on the hell - blasted plants that still struggled to grow , and the one or two animals that had n't the sense to move on .
i see them now for what they are vile corpses of living plants , once full of seeds and spores , now skinned and drained of life , with acidic brackish ichor carving the feeble gibbering of children and mad men into their bones , all bound together with the dry skins of dead animals , long since past this mortal plane .
southforte traders bellowed over the quality of the goods they made from the tough plants growing in their swamps .
this morning i set the boys to hunting while we went on a nature walk and i pointed out every edible plant that i could recall .
also in orientation years ago where the biologist had emphasized the point that swamp plants had seasons where certain parts could be eaten if properly prepared .
he used to supplement our food supply on camping trips with local plants .
we talked to the boys and asked them if any of them remembered their briefings about edible plants .
special tanks were built to hold air , and plants were carried to keep it fresh .
then gathering several samples of every plant they could find .
dozens of the chambers had been set aside just for plants and animals .
japan is more prepared than others for this sort of contingency , but think of all the shoddily built and monitored plants .
because of all the climate changes and biochemical changes to the environment , plant life across the world has been dying at an alarming rate .
i envisioned a world where the biomechanical plant life revived the environment to the point where natural plant life was viable again , and the two entities lived side by side in harmony , our environment restored to a state not seen since the dawn of the industrial revolution centuries before .
i envisioned a world where the biomechanical plant life revived the environment to the point where natural plant life was viable again , and the two entities lived side by side in harmony , our environment restored to a state not seen since the dawn of the industrial revolution centuries before .
its not as robust an ability as , say , a plant or even one of our cyborg plants .
if he were to get to too close to one of the plants again , he would fall back into total brainwashing again , she said .
we gain access to one point , and we have access to all of the networked plants .
most of this burden fell on takeshi and the cowboys , but there was also a role for the rest of us , in terms of trying to monitor as many of the plants as we possibly could for potential problems .
if we were able to track his location somehow , we might be able to infiltrate his operation , and stop him in his tracks , making sure that none of the plants was able to keep running .
once we spread clean solar energy and mounted a large - scale effort to introduce our ecosystem - healing cyborg plants to more and more areas , i had faith that we would start to see a change .
outcroppings of lush green plants line the road .
even smells were there of earth , plants and animal fertilizer .
imagine if plants never died or if the deer we eat could never be killed .
sometimes graeak would take us into the forest to study local plant life , the animals , or just to get us away from the confines of the tower .
was simon mad , or a plant ?
parting the plants he spied a run - down wood shed , fifty feet into the woods under a canopy of branches .
god is the lightning , god is justice , god is love , life , the rain , the river , the seed , the plant , the husk , the dirt , the sky .
all around the lakeside grew macedonian pine , and across the lake on a terraced hillside , mike could see the tell - tale silhouettes of hemp and poppy plants .
what if she was actually a plant , a ringer , working for boffin syznic ?
pick up some potted plants , and a good coffeemaker , why do nt you ?
transgenics were genetically modified organisms with an extra - genome and were mostly plants produced to survive without the sun .
over the years , a few trees and plants adapted to the limited artificial light along with a large variety of weeds .
does n't have a watering system for plants .
the brittle brown plant falls out of its container as i drop the pot in the waste , and dirt spills , exposing the vines roots .
i stare at the dead plant .
scientist created transgenic plants that could survive without the sun , and they created the lantern pines by genetically modifying a yellow pine with the extra - genome of a lanternfish , producing a tree that created its own light .
what they created is a hybrid plant capable of absorbing large amounts of tainted rain .
all absorbing transgenic plants are created with the water release function in the worlds attempt to correct the dry clouds problem .
how do i know that it 's how the plant survives ?
this was a civilian area , corridors wide as streets decorated with potted plants and green and gold banners .
apparently mankind had now colonized over three dozen class m worlds ( planets , like earth , that can support life ) ; and while they all had life , likes plants , animals , insects and etc . , none of it was intelligent .
the high prelate stood next to a large plant in the cloud nine arboretum and stroked a large , flat leaf as though it were a beautiful womans hair .
the high prelate walked further down the path and stopped at the next collection of plants and trees .
i remember back to my apartment and the one plant that we had .
' do i really have to remind you that the growing of any plant for anything other than food is strictly prohibited ? '
she was the one good with the plants .
they pollinate all the plants and provide honey . '
the whole of base three had been turned into an ecosystem , with more plants and creatures than could be counted .
the snow at their feet was now a dense layer of white ice , broken here and there by hardy , ground - hugging plants .
the few plants which lived on the smooth stone held onto cracks and small trenches scattered across the surface .
as the light dimmed , i could make out a black and red sky , dead plants and animals , and grey grass .
a moment later , he was vomiting into one of his mothers fake potted plants .
# # # as the household waited for la policia , it fell to drusus savon and myself to carry the perfumed but undeniably deceased gentleman on a makeshift stretcher from the hallway to a suitably quiet place which turned out to be a glass - walled observatory filled with exotic plants .
her vision was blurred as if she had smoked half a marijuana plant .
the plants were leaf oriented rather than ornamental flowers .
the room had more leafy plants in pots up against the walls .
some of the leaves of the banana plants are brown and curled .
pointing to the dead leaves , zeus says , ' i ' m having trouble to get the tropical plants to grow in the same place as the temperate ones .
it seems that some plants need the occasional frost to fruit and the bananas and mangos just do n't like it .
occasionally ill save a person , animal or plant when it gets destroyed , and bring it up here .
' once we have atmosphere and water , we can add plant and animal life , if that s what our client wants .
they monitor the growth of every plant , then just when you decide the day has come to have a tossed salad , you ' ve had slugs in your garden !
like you , the slugs and zinodes , all creatures and plants living together need each other to survive .
' you do n't have many plants and animals on your asteroid . '
i dig flower beds around the house and plant anemones , poppies and daisies .
no , every creature and many plants use the universal language , unilangue .
' what is really interesting about this project is that they want kumakiri to be the same as zinonia was ; the same plants , animals , atmosphere and landscape .
so , we are recreating it from memory , what they remember it looked like , and the animals and plants were like .
teroid tears and tears from the plants and animals that they take with them .
we drag seaweed up from the beach to compost the garden and plant onions between the lettuces .
' there 's an awful lot of plants there ! '
agnes , wearing a brown skirt that comes annoyingly just beyond her knees , is walking around the garden with petra being shown the vegetables and other plants .
she could make out several different varieties of plants by the leaves : pumpkin , cucumber , squash .
most of her instincts told dagney they should burn it- the plants would be better off as ash than as merek 's slutted up screwcrow , but something in his quivering face made her relent .
he was covered in pesticides and plant juices- dyed green .
live plants , some five feet tall , separated them .
it was even more luxurious than the outer offices , a huge , densely decorated area with plants and trees that bore real fruit , and enough floating tables for fifty people .
in the few hundred years since the destruction at the hands of the salantians , even the plant life had returned .
however , after a while they boys got tired of playing with plants and animals only , and the rules became more sophisticated .
fanciful plants were twining around the boughs , the color abundance was dazzling to look at , and only a sound of birds twittering carelessly would make the scenery perfect .
the old gardener who took care of the plants back in the day accepted my offer to stay .
turned out he had a dealers eye and offered to grow seeds of rare ornamental plants for sale .
mr . eric continued , we mostly grow perennial plants : orchids , tillandsias , tropical ferns he said , slowly walking along the path carefully paved with cobble - stones .
pasha noted , eyeing the plant with curiosity .
you do nt think i brought you here to lecture you on plants .
the boy recalled seeing it on some plates of greenhouse plants .
he slacked his pace inside the pavilion to breathe in the smell of the awakening plant kingdom .
she rested her eyes on the soybean fields with their imposing plants from the land of the giants , three times the normal height and overflowing with pods due to the lower gravity and a soil extremely rich in nitrogen and phosphorus .
they reminded joachima that this dirt was really blessed with every nutrient a plant would ever need .
during her visits sarah leaned against the door jamb and watched the nuns tend to the plants , pluck weeds , harvest food , and talk about their day .
some of sarah 's most cherished memories were of walks with her father , an educated botanist , who programmed the tractor to till or harvest and took the children into the fields to give them practical instruction about how plants develop and by what time , what diseases and pests to look for , which plant belongs to what family , and how to care for them .
some of sarah 's most cherished memories were of walks with her father , an educated botanist , who programmed the tractor to till or harvest and took the children into the fields to give them practical instruction about how plants develop and by what time , what diseases and pests to look for , which plant belongs to what family , and how to care for them .
between her father and her aunts , by the time she was ten sarah became some sort of gardening expert ; she never figured if it was her early developmental years or a true passion for plant life that pushed her in this direction , all she knew and was going to manifest faithfully throughout her life was that nothing made her as happy as being in the garden .
the plants sarah saw in the botany lab were hybrids she could n't even conceive of , not to mention design , plants whose scale was controlled to the micron , diminutive pine trees and gigantic chamomile , leaves of every shade but green processing chlorophyll , plants without roots that could move around at will , transparent roses , rubber trees genetically altered to secrete aluminum , cucumber plants that changed their color like vegetal chameleons , microscopic baobabs , sub aquatic corn fields , and a soy bean that tasted just like steak .
the plants sarah saw in the botany lab were hybrids she could n't even conceive of , not to mention design , plants whose scale was controlled to the micron , diminutive pine trees and gigantic chamomile , leaves of every shade but green processing chlorophyll , plants without roots that could move around at will , transparent roses , rubber trees genetically altered to secrete aluminum , cucumber plants that changed their color like vegetal chameleons , microscopic baobabs , sub aquatic corn fields , and a soy bean that tasted just like steak .
the plants sarah saw in the botany lab were hybrids she could n't even conceive of , not to mention design , plants whose scale was controlled to the micron , diminutive pine trees and gigantic chamomile , leaves of every shade but green processing chlorophyll , plants without roots that could move around at will , transparent roses , rubber trees genetically altered to secrete aluminum , cucumber plants that changed their color like vegetal chameleons , microscopic baobabs , sub aquatic corn fields , and a soy bean that tasted just like steak .
the plants sarah saw in the botany lab were hybrids she could n't even conceive of , not to mention design , plants whose scale was controlled to the micron , diminutive pine trees and gigantic chamomile , leaves of every shade but green processing chlorophyll , plants without roots that could move around at will , transparent roses , rubber trees genetically altered to secrete aluminum , cucumber plants that changed their color like vegetal chameleons , microscopic baobabs , sub aquatic corn fields , and a soy bean that tasted just like steak .
she did n't know how she was going to run anything successful in one year without the benefits of genetic growth acceleration but in a couple of weeks , amazingly enough , the plant was well on its way .
` ` why do n't you try growing plants here ? ''
` ` any plants '' , seth answered calmly .
a little weedy sprout sprung up at first , then a scraggly plant of undetermined provenance , then finally a soybean bush .
what nobody expected , not in their most ambitious dreams , was how fast the plants were growing , nothing short of magic , with an accelerated rhythm that made their head spin and made them double check their grasp on reality .
if one wanted to find a word to describe the brick colored crumbly mix it would have been perfect ; it had an ideal composition and proportion of minerals and the now slightly gritty particles offered a strong foundation for the little plants to sink their roots into .
the planting started just as prosaic as it 's always been but on an accelerated schedule to keep up with the needs of the fast growing plants .
some of the open loops attracted the many birds of the neighborhood and between the nests and the clusters of hanging fruit from various other plants that started using the openwork for support the lacy green second surface took on a life of its own , a brave new world within arm 's reach , floating over head like the miraculous suspended gardens of semiramis .
the plant trays laid on the table between them during this volley of questions and answers , oblivious to the technical improbability of their existence and defying common sense .
the plants were doing well and grace to extensive studies on increased carbon dioxide processing were both showing real promise for bioengineering the atmosphere of terra two and feeding entire sections of their earthly host city .
pretty soon the monotony of a very long voyage set in and everybody got used to seeing plants grow taller and more vibrantly green .
there was just so much to do around the shuttle , plants take care of themselves if they have food , light and water .
a ban on all hobbies was imposed immediately , including reading , cooking and plant hybridization , so that electromagnetism enthusiasts and light wave modulation hobbyists would n't feel unfairly targeted .
sarah , are your plants still alive ? ''
seth stared intently at the tiny plants , healthy and green in their peat pods .
` ` when the cats arrived our lives recovered a significant part of normalcy , whatever that means , we were n't alone in an alien world anymore , we were at home , with plants and animals and rainclouds and gentle breezes .
` ` the space science center is sending us the first in a long convoy of noah 's arks , yes , plants will no longer be the only sign of life on this planet .
how many people get the chance to design their entire world , to pick their plants and their animals and the location of the bodies of water ?
if cats could talk they could recount volumes of sarah 's stories from childhood , her blended upbringing that mixed technology with religion and working the land in a way that was so unique to her , her fishing trips with her brothers , the winter afternoons staring out the window at the fluffiest , plushest snowflakes ever to materialize , her visits to her grandparents ' house , the miraculous transparent rose , macro genetic plant engineering .
the dirt that mounded around the base of the bean plant was tinted the same intense color , as if somebody tried to color the bean on purpose by pouring indigo ink around its root .
the plant made so much of it that it seeped out into the ground around its roots .
the strangest thing was that there was only one plant , why that plant and not the other ones ?
the strangest thing was that there was only one plant , why that plant and not the other ones ?
` ` antocyanins , we need to wear sunscreen , the plant is protecting itself from extreme light intensity . ''
` ` why only this plant and not the others ? ''
there was absolutely no way that sarah would have any peace until she figured out why the one plant turned purple while all the other ones were still green .
there was an entire colony of them , building microscopic hives on the inner surface of the chromoplast , working in concerted fashion like an ant colony or a bee hive , diligently catalyzing the plant 's processing of sugar , purple sugar to be precise .
` ` where did they come from '' , sarah thought , ` ` and what were they eating before the plants got here , there was nothing on the planet surface that they could metabolize , nothing organic , anyway . ''
fascinated , she watched the matter distribution for a while , thinking that the little bugs must think they have gone to heaven themselves , given how much easier it was for them to process the boron already refined and made soluble by the plant 's metabolic processes .
the question of the singular plant still remained unanswered but sarah was tired and her hands were still purple from the bean juice and she had a creek in her neck due to tense concentration .
nor did the purple phenomenon extend to other plants as years passed .
sarah 's personal opinion was that the microscopic inhabitants that turned the plant purple were the entire population of the planet , and since the conditions inside their little milk and honey host were so good they never dreamed of leaving .
the unique bean plant with leaves half green half purple never died , it grew larger and its stem turned into a woody trunk , thicker than an arm .
three living hosts resided on terra two , three gigantic cities for the immortal natives of the planet , sarah , solomon , and the bean plant .
sarah did n't know if it was an ancestral , instinctive call of the natives or a personal affinity , but she got into the habit of taking solomon and his basket and sitting in the shade of the purple bean plant to read books or news from the central computer via her neural interlink .
she had spent four years in those fields , she could wander around blindfolded and stop precisely in front of a specific plant .
the scenes did n't interfere , each preserving its perfect clarity , one with blue skies over bright green fields growing in dark rich loamy soil , the other chocolate , raspberry and wine , with northern lights and atmospheric songs and lush green giant plants growing in a brick colored rubble and casting two shadows .
the landscape had changed , grass land plants had given room to trees , pear trees to be precise , with vanilla vines clinging fiercely to their trunks and clambering avidly towards the suns .
every now and then stately stalks of rhubarb towered over the lower plants , and puddles of water dotted the landscape , with a gentle mist floating above them in the heat of the afternoon .
visitors doted on these little humans who grew wild and free among giant tropical plants , for whom the two sunned coffee firmament studded with metal dots was the only sky they ever knew , for whom cats were supposed to be fragrant and who could n't understand the concept of winter .
` ` why did they pick a bird and not a plant , it 's a horticulture school ? ''
they had numerous plant exhibits too , have you ever imagined a terrestrial elk coral ?
tough , prickly weeds growing in ditches alongside the road were the only plants in evidence .
on the shore , tiny rodents dodged among the stones and flowering plants .
these living plants had the vigorous aspect of pioneers , not the fading countenance of life in retreat .
the paintings , the fixtures , the exotic pot plants .
not noticing , the garden employee went on , you see , the process can only be conducted on three melons per plant before a new plant has to be started .
not noticing , the garden employee went on , you see , the process can only be conducted on three melons per plant before a new plant has to be started .
this is because the constriction is actually quite traumatic to the plants circulatory system i need to get the fuck out of here , joey said suddenly , flashing bright blue and making the garden worker jump back .
joeys box was placed between an aloe vera plant and a novelty wooden horse that collapsed into a heap when it was pressed at the base .
her gaze darted from the kitchen to the sun room and back , floating over potted plants and baking ingredients left on the counter , no detail ignored.it reminded jeanette of their father , who could nt sit through a whole movie without getting up to empty the dishwasher or run a fresh load of laundry .
she put joeys brightbox in its place beside the potted plant and the fishbowl .
her kitchen table was covered in modeling toothpicks , architectural models , dried nubs of clay , and plants she was in the process of repotting .
its getting so hot up here that you can grow some southern plants , on account of that global warming , you know .
from what we could tell , the demons were busy cutting up specimens of the animal remains as well as rocks , plants , and wood .
in a way , izzian had hoped to encounter a few angry , querulous trees , but alas , the plants seemed docile in comparison to the foliage covered hills of say , ithmonius sixteen .
even the forested huckchuck region on klesia boasted its own unusual plant species .
butterflies , like the trees and plants , either chose to not communicate with humans or more than likely kept their mouths shut .
you must have some wacky creatures and weird plants and things .
plants wilt from the contact , trees wither , animals become deformed monstrosities , and people become something both more and less than human .
blood splatter on leaves , plants , grass , stones , siding , and elsewhere were washed away .
the steep mountainsides which zombies could not climb had a abundance of wildlife as well as nuts , root plants , wild carrots , and other vegetables the people could eat .
more than this , these lands would support tons of beets , carrots , and other rooted plants .
if these wild species of human food could grow in the wild here , then it was logical that the larger and more productive heritage plants would thrive just as well if not better in the same soil .
one group set up an arboretum , installing a variety of young trees and plants , to start harvesting oxygen as soon as possible .
nature there is also very similar , especially since samples of plants , minerals , and animals have been taken to the pleiades and developed there .
inside we find rows and rows of plants .
we look at their plants .
they also have some sort of transparent cloth over each plant .
754 ( doctor 2 ) asked the doctor if these beings were being grown like a plant .
large plants were observed growing in the marshy area .
the ebens used these plants for food .
the bulb of the plant was very large .
the ebens cook the vines and eat the large portion of the plant raw .
minerals evolve into plants , plants into animals , animals into humans , and humans into angelic energy - forms .
minerals evolve into plants , plants into animals , animals into humans , and humans into angelic energy - forms .
but to try to force a rock , when it is in the state of being a rock , to perform like a plant is utterly futile .
to try to change the arrogant mentality of a self - righteous government official or fanatical star person is as futile as trying to make a rock perform like a plant , unless the individual has matured to the point of being ripe for major change .
the figure , unmistakably a tiea by the lithe purposeful movement of the body , reached up with gloved hands and slowly removed the hood that was covering the head to reveal an elegant tieatarderi female , her well defined features lovely to behold , her platinum coloured hair , fine and long , dressed in tresses interleafed with herbs and flowers and small leaves from plants that inhabit the wilds .
i have noticed that certain species of animal and plants are getting less and some i can no longer find at all .
the houses either side of the street were gaily painted in pastel colours , a bounty of flowering plants hung from window boxes and it was common to see thick stone walls with hollowed out troughs in the tops where soil and plants had also been placed .
the houses either side of the street were gaily painted in pastel colours , a bounty of flowering plants hung from window boxes and it was common to see thick stone walls with hollowed out troughs in the tops where soil and plants had also been placed .
many of the plants were thick stemmed with rubbery leaves and petals , some had no leaves at all that i could see but were covered in sharp needle like spines , even though some of these had bright blooms in amongst the spiny covering .
the water fell into a neatly maintained pond full of golden fish with gossamer fins waving gently as they swam along beneath and between colourful flowering aquatic plants .
as we walked through the garden the aromas and scents of the various plants made my nose tingle for many species grew in the various flower beds and some wove their way through the wrought iron work , up the walls and across the space between , where rope cords had been strung to encourage their growth .
trees and plants with bright flowers and many liana like growths drooping between them .
then up the bank of dunes through sea grasses interspersed with low fleshy plants the stems of which were a pale greyish colour adorned with bright yellow flowers .
imagine i pluck a bloom from a plant and the plant instantaneously regrows the removed flower .
imagine i pluck a bloom from a plant and the plant instantaneously regrows the removed flower .
plants adorned the sides of the pinnacle , their roots gripping the rock face .
some climbing plants with pretty coloured variegated leaves hung in long fronds , the stems looked to be thicker than my arms and these disappeared into the water laden air below .
many small vibrantly colourful birds flew in and around the plants and some could be seen flying across the gulf below us , wings spread wide and constantly adjusting to the turbulent air currents flowing below .
around the edges of the lake in the shallower waters grew many flowering aquatic plants giving the impression of a flat mirror surrounded with a frame of colourfully painted flowers .
eventually we passed out of the meadows and dropped down into a rocky valley mostly carpeted with course plants like heathers and gorse .
then explained that north of the garrison the trees grew few and growth was mainly stunted bushes of harsh plants with sharp thorns that would tear at the skin if you ventured too close .
i guessed from nw 's description that we were in the vicinity of one of those black fetid pools , i started to slow and watch carefully where i was placing each step upon the ground , but for now at least the low scrub plants that grew here remained beneath my boots .
the surface was not marred in any way by cracks or plants struggling to get through to the light .
many different plants , vegetables and fruit all grew here .
in one place the fields had been flooded by damming the river and the resulting waterlogged fields grew other plants which i did not recognise .
over - sized plants were scattered throughout the room , and the troop had to wind their way through some of them before coming upon a massive desk , apparently carved from a single stone crystal .
the wagons , were drawn by slow but powerful trofar , these great plant eaters , had long been used for hauling heavy caravan wagons and trofar milk was a favorite of nomad children .
the spike - backs carried the weapons , they were vegetarians able to fill their huge bellies , with the plentiful supply of green plants near the oasis .
seeda looked at her with a smile , a moonbud , you know , a sweet smelling plant that blooms in the night air , it means you have never been touched , you are a maiden .
andra shook her head , i m not a little plant its a silly name .
the nomad 's wagons , rolled easily on the hard ground of the flatland 's , there were green plants here , they also passed vile swamp lands .
he looked around at the green countryside , this vegetation is quite fascinating , it seems to be a form of plant life , that is indigenous to all planets of the trylon level .
now that brings up a very interesting point , how can a single plant life , be found on so many , different worlds .
the air was filled with the stench of rotting plants and the arrow birds that had made their home in the balbar trees , flew hurriedly into the safety of the open sky .
the petals of the plant were delicate but they did not break under the heavy drops of rain .
hands and hearts the nomads have great knowledge of their environment , they use a vast selection of plants and animals for nutrition and medicinal needs .
andra moved closer to the old woman , egmar held up the plant she 'd picked during her conversation with anais , you see this flower ?
this type of light producing plant was known on several other worlds .
there were other crystals that made plants to grow , even deep within the city , there were several large levels , used only for growing food .
she bathed their cracked skin in the juice of the hovock plant and used rock - worm juice to ease their pain .
but whenever she looked properly there was nothing to be seen , just the soft movement of the plants and shrubs or maybe a cat , sitting quietly cleaning itself .
i said , losing my smile for the first time since smelling the sweet aroma of plant life .
nearly every species of plant and animal was obliterated .
considering that the planet was a completely unique blending of such a large array of plant and animal species .
i bet rip that the plants and animals would be victorious over the heartless ambitions of his measly hoard of investment bankers .
the crops of mount grucian on glassvexx have been tended and harvested by my line of people for as many generations as the plant has existed .
fralgoth discovered and usurped our land , and has been harvesting the plant at much too greedily a pace .
over that few millions years of time , many of the plants being grown in the greenhouses evolved into certain psychotropic plants like the aforementioned luminesco - cannabid - sativa .
over that few millions years of time , many of the plants being grown in the greenhouses evolved into certain psychotropic plants like the aforementioned luminesco - cannabid - sativa .
the colonists stationed to live on glassvexx during the transitional period , the ones who had created the original strain of sativa , had evolved to rejoice in the growing of mind - altering plants .
tending to the plants was the colonists only job on the barren planet , so naturally they looked for entertainment within the plants .
tending to the plants was the colonists only job on the barren planet , so naturally they looked for entertainment within the plants .
today , the planet is covered with mountainous regions of wild growth , for the plants long since escaped the controlled greenhouses .
enough rock and dirt and ice and other mountain - forming resources were shipped in to layer the entire planet with a natural terrain that sustains the life of plants .
some go looking for the famous glass planet and believe themselves to be lost , having found only a mountainous earthy planet covered with time - warping plants .
new plant or animal species yielding life - saving pharmaceutical products perhaps , or new crop strains able to withstand rising global temperatures and novel diseases .
she was also curious to see if the plants or anything else in the real world had been burned .
and if she had returned a few weeks later , she would have seen that the plants growing here had sprouted a wild profusion of flowers .
underfoot was a vast expanse of deep - pile pink carpet , and there were potted plants growing from large tubs dotted along the curved outer wall .
the figure was on his knees , bent over , doing something complicated with a small dark green plant .
do plants being genetically engineered have requests for what type of foliage they will have ?
she was frail as a dried plant leaf , beautiful to see , but could be crumpled to dust easily .
i ve seen them on the plant leaves , looked at them closely .
all these plants , starting from tiny seeds ; with only water and the nutrients from the soil they can grow to impressive plants like these .
all these plants , starting from tiny seeds ; with only water and the nutrients from the soil they can grow to impressive plants like these .
he pointed to some large rows of plants .
i can encourage , facilitate ; by ensuring the plant has the right conditions .
from that point on , they fought back with exotic weapons produced from their own toxic plant life and their own internal poisonous venom .
the problem is , they are solitary plants , and each one produces just one blossom at a time .
walking over to the bush , she could see her sister kaya tangled in the branches of the large green plant .
if anything , the run would probably be the easier part of the journey since the terrain would become thick and overgrown with plant life once they entered the woods .
he was able to use waypoints to recognize his location ; certain statues , specific plants , even elaborate suits of armour .
there will be pockets , areas in the world that will not be targeted , but plant and animal life will be equally devastated .
although most plant life will be decimated , it will not be completely so .
we can only hope to ride it out as best we can and pray for the survival of what plant and animal life may remain in the southern hemisphere ; assuming they re targeted on a limited basis .
most of the planets were so toxic because of the bombs that had gone off during the wars that not even plant life could grow .
he says we should carve out a home under the ice and use a fusion drive like a small sun to heat us and give light for plants to grow and for us to live under .
the plant plasma circuitry within the computer was fabricated from the very difficult to harvest sea - moss which grew in the blackened cold at the depths of one of bettua 's deepest seas .
there is a critical component to this plant .
schlange moss was the first plant life ever identified to possess sentient thought , and though its feelings were very fundamental - i ' m afraid , i ' m too hot , i have fear - it was n't just a simple reflex , for the plant also exhibited sorrow when a harvest was first taken from it .
schlange moss was the first plant life ever identified to possess sentient thought , and though its feelings were very fundamental - i ' m afraid , i ' m too hot , i have fear - it was n't just a simple reflex , for the plant also exhibited sorrow when a harvest was first taken from it .
there were plants as well - unusual plants , some smooth and slick , some lacy and frond like , some of them all the way under the water .
there were plants as well - unusual plants , some smooth and slick , some lacy and frond like , some of them all the way under the water .
subconsciously , she compared it to sprinkling water on a plant that had been neglected for too long and was terribly withered - nearly , but not quite ? gone .
it is a sentient , biomorphotic plant entity that can change , including incorporating itself into other matter , living and non - living . ''
the other clouds were growing slowly , reminding fintan of a tv show he had once seen where scientists demonstrated how plants grew using time - lapse photography .
rockhead laughed , realizing stowik had never seen a tree beforethe only plantlife stowik had been exposed to was what their colony grew in the greenhouse , which was limited to those plant species brought in the landing .
burning the hydrocarbon was their lifeline : without their only source of electricity , lighting the plants in the greenhouse would be impossible .
numerous plants were spread out evenly across the loam , and stowik could see that some bore their fruit .
this was their first meal grown from the plants in their greenhouse since they landed .
castle wasted no time explaining , the difference between human blood and plant blood , cellulose , is actually quite small .
the plants in our greenhouse are genetically engineered to require less sunlight so that they can be grown through the spacecrafts lighting , which is feeble in comparison with the sun .
to counteract that , the chlorophyll in these plants is designed to absorb more of the incident light rays .
the genetically engineered chlorophyll is passed on to other plants through an airborne plant virus stored in the cellulose .
the genetically engineered chlorophyll is passed on to other plants through an airborne plant virus stored in the cellulose .
the plants are thriving .
only now were plants beginning to gain footholds in the crumbling lava fields .
katree , lost in her personal concerns changes the topic , i hope there is a good commissary so i do not have to eat field rations or native plants or flesh .
we have agreed to share the bonus if we succeed in recording the plant .
then jake , you can search for the crystals and entrance to the plant .
your observations and understanding of the technical aspects of the klarn plant can be beneficial to all and especially yourself .
using the mms , xeres can forcibly extract the information from the klarn to correct the processes in their plant .
just then i realize that sakshi was going to feed kanika to a man eating plant .
kanika started to crawl back from the plant but it grabbed her legs but her tendrils .
a spike in uv had triggered mutations in both plants and animals .
the static background like furniture and walls show in nearly solid gray , vital tissue like humans and green plants show up in yellow , non - vital tissue like wood and stuffed animals show up in gray - blue and last are the moving non - vital elements like plastics and metals , they show up in orange .
an energy burst from one of the commando 's rifles scorched the bark on the ancient plant .
they taught us the weaving pattern and which vines and plants we were to us to make the net .
some of the compounds and plant life - yes life on other planets - that we discover will cure diseases that we thought impossible to cure .
and some plants might as well have had daggers for leaves , as her squad member sergeant pond found out the hard way .
he now had a forearm bandaged just from brushing up against a plant that had fronds splayed like an asian fan , pink flowers on the end , their petals also sharp .
thankfully the plant was nt poisonous but now pond had the nickname flower boy slapped on him .
spirits that we called anirniit exist in everything ... in people and animals , in rocks and plants .
shed spent everything she had ; even re - entering the game as an insect or a small plant was too expensive for her .
plants are reaching for the highest wind currents to take their seeds in search of better ground .
most of the testers were adults , and some still remember the fun and experimentation of those early days , inventing new plants and animals to populate the land and oceans .
at one end was a small fountain , an iron casting of a woman , a dog and a chicken sat above it while water plants of varying colours and types filled the catchment .
the spread of colours still dancing across the already bright stage and its menagerie of australian plant life and animals , mixed with the patterns of the steeply inclining seating tiers enshrouded in darkness would make a well contrasted photograph .
it certainly did , replied dan , crouching down to pick a few cigarettes from a plant that had just shot up at his feet .
i ' m even reading some advanced plant life on the majority .
it hit as if in slow motion , pummeling the earth miles before him , and a massive shockwave blinked the plants , city and people from existence .
around the same time , the first multi - cellular plants formed when single cell lifeforms merged and became dependent on each other to survive .
when plants obtained the ability to generate seeds , they spread out across the land , turning the earth into a tropical swamp inhabited by enormous insects and early reptiles .
in the cretaceous period , flowering angiosperm plants became a major part of the ecological system , replacing previously dominating gymnosperm plants .
in the cretaceous period , flowering angiosperm plants became a major part of the ecological system , replacing previously dominating gymnosperm plants .
this metamorphosis in plant life caused a great upheaval in the dietary needs of most herbivores unable to adapt to the new food source .
and while the meteor impact is believed to be the primary cause , other factors may have contributed , like severe climate change and a failure to adapt to the new plant life that was already putting a strain on the dinosaurs harmony with nature .
without any dinosaurs to graze upon the land , the flora grew denser as modern plant species like cacti and palm trees appeared .
the flowering florae co - evolved with the insects pollinating the plants as they fed on them .
they sought sustenance by gathering plants and hunting animals , more than likely living in an egalitarian society .
in the fertile crescent of the middle east between 8,000 and 7,000 bc , humans began the systematic husbandry of plants and animals , including the domestication of dogs used for either herding or hunting .
beyond the door was a small flat roof , which had been decorated with a couple of long - dead pot plants .
henry was looking into a lush green garden filled with flowering plants , and water features .
i drop into the familiar chair across from her , glancing at the diplomas on the wall , the abundance of bonsai plants , and the neatly ordered desktop , with each item meticulously lined up .
and the small yard is a mass of raised beds , filled with blooming plants , something mom will appreciate .
he s got plants and trees everywhere .
they seem to love their homethe plant life , the wildlife .
the plants that can grow here are amazing .
most of the time , sairah continued , i was simply preparing plants and roots but was able to use some of the science i majored in .
i was told in my dream to study the plants in the desert but there s nothing out here really .
i know every plant there is in this godforsaken place , its every property .
handling plants here could be dangerous .
it is possible thousands of lethal plants surround us .
my fellow botanist used to kid me about my abilities with plants .
i never thought much about itjust seemed to know what the plants needed .
the starship gaea contained everything needed to establish the colony : building materials , foodstuffs , animals , seeds and plants , and of course , dormant rootstock and grafts from gondwana 's finest vineyards .
the deep purple of indigenous plant life mixed beautifully into the soft pinks and reds of the lapping oceans .
are there any indigenous plant or animal life that could be a threat ?
the plants have all been categorized as deciduous .
none of the plant life should pose a threat , though i do nt recommend ingesting anything you may find along the way .
though he was unfamiliar with the vegetable life on purseus ii , many of the plants looked similar to a variety of maize .
vegetable stalks were crowned with heavy blooms that normally would ve been trimmed to avoid nutrients being drained from the edible parts of the plants .
moving into the foyer , the pair slid past a set of pillars and crouched low behind two large pots that once held vibrant plants , but the lack of care left them dead and withered .
the plants withered and died .
particularly striking was the green biomass dome filled with genetically modified plants and algae , an integral part of the moon domes life support system .
various orange plants stuck up out of the ground .
i also think that some of these plants might be edible , ` ` he explained while reaching out and stroking a red shrub popping out of the ground .
yellow , red , and silver plants sprouted out of the ground and towered high above them .
` ` there 's no way that a little pond like that could supply enough water for all of this plant life . ''
he squinted and tried to get a good look at the plant life surrounding the pond , but he was too far up to examine them properly .
plant carries the tune : when the levee breaks ill have no place to stay .
minstrel plants that grew wild in the area joined the ensemble .
in only a few moments , the two stood nude as the plants faded and then vanished .
the plant life around them became more varied .
around this were short marble columns topped with lush plants in spiny pots .
they must have some way of preserving things , said sye , like those plants .
colorful fish three times the size of any man weaved amongst the plant life , their sleek flat bodies shimmering .
the elementals mindless assault crashed through the giant plants , causing the oracle to dodge around both tendril and reef debris .
wreaths were on nearly every door , made mostly of tock that was the plant symbolising fertility , while baskets of the same hung from every verandah .
over those days , he tried , through lips sliced by the sword , to eat dirt and suck the juices out of the stems of any plants he could find .
on the third day he tasted a poisonous plant because he nearly tore himself apart retching , the paroxysms leaving him almost too weak to move .
he used dyes from plants to darken his hair so he more closely resembled chlorien , the very light tawny gold gone , so the scholar looked quite different with his long locks dark , wet - mud brown .
different herbs and plants people had gathered from the different areas of the trails were dried and crushed down into powders with different purposes .
the park was nice enough , with plants organised in straight lines and low walls cutting it off from the road .
on the next , a couple of carae who would sell the adveni their pleasure in substances the adveni did not know how to create from os - veruhs plants .
` ` one plants , another waters . ''
it is interesting that the word ` ` chernobyl '' is the russian name for the poisonous ` ` wormwood '' plant .
plants tended to lack stalks , although there were beautiful and ornate leaves , and a few vines that laced individual blooms together .
precious stones and plants featured on these partitions .
jo described it as being more like a collection of these plants , than a single bush .
the water was alright for the plants but needed some processing before it was fit for us to drink ; it contained some minerals that in enough concentration would have killed us .
rock and dust stretched to the horizon , rippled by a wind that tossed the sand and rattled the brittle plants .
were even experimenting with growing edible plants in some of the caverns .
issel has five of these plants and adriat has two .
the order and structure of plants , leaves in particular , held an especially riveting interest .
the atrium was filled with dried , mostly dead tropical plants .
a couple of dusty benches that looked more appropriate to an outdoor park sat on either end of the plant beds .
kalee walked up and touched the leaves of one of the dried plants .
i 'd seen her face down hordes of average people transformed into mindless monsters with barely a twitch of emotion , yet these pitiful plants seemed to really move her .
i ' m going to water some plants .
they were tethered to a spiky looking plant poking out of an old coffee tin .
its long leaves were mostly green but faded to deep red toward the center of the plant .
the plant was from me .
the original plan had some water tanks and support structures down on the first floor in the center of the old plant beds , but she moved the tanks to the second floor balconies and now the entire plant lattice is suspended across the third floor balconies .
the original plan had some water tanks and support structures down on the first floor in the center of the old plant beds , but she moved the tanks to the second floor balconies and now the entire plant lattice is suspended across the third floor balconies .
she glanced over at me , then cast her eyes down at the atrium plants far below .
i was always growing potted plants .
it drove mom nuts , me filling up every spare container and every bit of window space with plants .
i was back at kansas state , in the herbarium , pressing plant samples .
they all sported vegetable plants transplanted from area gardens .
i scooped out a bucket full and set about watering the tomato plants .
when finished , i sat down on the roof and just stared at those pitiful plants .
there were potted plants , strangely enough , dotted around the area , and alice found herself inspecting them closely .
though she did not know it at that point , those few precious hours she took to wander around that section , staring at the plants and shops and windows , would be the last rest she would find that day .
indigenous plants , indigenous languages , indigenous people .
even if someone stumbled onto some of these plants , they just marvelled that they had started growing ` ` wild '' in the lush conditions .
he could feel a common thread among them all ; from plant , to animal , to souman , but felt he would need to break the barriers of time to understand it all .
they walked into the forest passing by large towering trees and plants around them .
the scene changed to her being thrown off a cliff 's edge and landed on soft springy thick moss like plant that kept her alive .
sighing he walked looking around staring at the hedge garden consisted of many colorful plant life that stood towering over his head .
then the image changed to show a body of water moving which he saw a plant like flower rise from moving water spreading apart like an open flower .
he spoke as compelled by a compulsion hitting him unexpectedly the words coming out of his mouth shocking him werra , a meritanian is a mind walking sentient plant life form that lives in the ocean .
he mentally walked down hallway to end to see a prickly spiny plant at the end standing in front of a door .
he saw appearing besides him off his side is a plant looking flowery in black .
he stiffened as his memory called the plant peter a male voiced meritanian .
he saw peter who with fronds grabs the spiny plant that moves poking his fronds .
he watched as peter lifts up the spiny plant and throws behind him and disappeared .
she is being forced to do the weapon status by the moorra withholding special plant food .
she needs the plant food to survive while living among them .
the plant food is a way of keeping herself alive which the moorra are using to keep her as a weapon .
he spotted a female with domesticated moorra like short hair he saw was tearing into a plant stem and chewing it in a fast motion .
he saw a male walk up to tula who finished eating a plant stem and squat while waving another plant stem in front of her face .
he saw a male walk up to tula who finished eating a plant stem and squat while waving another plant stem in front of her face .
he saw the male make hand gestures towards him and the plant along with a finger running the throat area seen .
he leaned his back against the wall with a frown watching tula reach a hand towards the plant only to get backhanded by the male 's free hand .
tom frowned as the windows kept being shattered by a plant that looks familiar to him .
he felt confusion to why a plant would keep breaking the windows surrounding him as darkness replaced the scene .
he looked and sees with confusion that their staring at a large potted plant in front of the wall .
he saw with shock that the potted plant resembled werra from memory of the plant but is a smaller version .
he saw with shock that the potted plant resembled werra from memory of the plant but is a smaller version .
he heard the male voice he figured is peter a mind walking plant like werra speaking ` ` you should listen to me and werra next time we suggest something for you to do for keos instead of ignoring us both .
recorders have caught this moorra doing something not moorra like which is appearing to survive off land by eating plants , drinking from water sources and hunting gonoids along with creating eaters . ''
his targeting is mostly by hitting manoids with medical ailments such as hitting you with some kind of plants poisonous substance . ''
i m a mind walking sentient plant and do nt you forget that !
tom saw along with seeing plants in the vicinity of the recorder view whipping their fronds very hard .
though i am concealed by tall plants , bushes , and the puny tree , my breathing hitches and heat burns up my neck until it reaches my cheeks .
cautiously , i approach the cluster of spiny plants .
time passes quickly and we reach the stubby plant i have come to know and kind of like on the outskirts of the lake .
we went to our backyard and i swear that he fussed over every single plant , even the dead ones .
nowadays numerous folks , tired of sunscreen , sun - hats , high collars , long sleeves , sun umbrellas and so forth , and disgusted with sickened plants and wildlife , were moving south , where the ozone layer was still adequate , even though it was hotter and flooded due to other aspects of the global warming / ozone disaster thing .
and some sort of shelters to house them during the conversion of the earth , along with food , plants , animals , tools , libraries and so forth .
mary noticed with amazement that the plants were almost immediately growing back again after being eaten .
just as shocking , around the transport station green trees and grass extended to the limits of his vision : acre after acre of unmanaged chaotic plant growth , without any sign of food - plants or other species usefully engineered to meet human needs , and without tending robotic augmenters to counter pathogens or to measure out or conserve water .
just as shocking , around the transport station green trees and grass extended to the limits of his vision : acre after acre of unmanaged chaotic plant growth , without any sign of food - plants or other species usefully engineered to meet human needs , and without tending robotic augmenters to counter pathogens or to measure out or conserve water .
in preparation of your arrival , we have begun growing edible plants .
oh , what a pleasant ritual it must be to consume plants .
miles of stone rubble in every direction , long since overgrown by plants , served as the last accomplishment of the human race before its destruction .
some of their plants are n't even ready to be harvested . ''
the plant tenders took it ! ''
the density of plant life made it hard for him to determine which way she had gone .
a sign of disturbance in the natural plant life would help him a lot .
wodi listened as the tour guide rambled on about the scientist who invented nutrimilk and the bovine plant which produced it : didi , head of the department of science and founder of the department of research .
and here you have it , said the tour guide , the amazing bovine plant .
the bovine plant was hideous .
a host of tubes punctured the thing , some carrying a compound of vitamins and minerals mixed with sawdust for the plants consumption , others carrying out waste , and still others carrying out the precious nutrimilk which the living plant produced .
a host of tubes punctured the thing , some carrying a compound of vitamins and minerals mixed with sawdust for the plants consumption , others carrying out waste , and still others carrying out the precious nutrimilk which the living plant produced .
and there were rows of the giant vats , each filled with a bovine plant , and the rows extended as far as the eye could see .
please , if you ll be quiet , said the tour guide , leaving off from his script , i assure you the plant feels no pain .
that night , wodi lay awake and thought about the obvious analogy of the bovine plant and the vats : the people of haven also spent time in amniotic vats .
wodi thought it was strange that the people were used to the idea of growing up in vats themselves , but were quick to feel horror at the sight of the bovine plant in its own warm , comfortable vat .
he saw strange and twisted plants .
a garish neon plant offered a bowl of honey in its mouth ; hungry insects came to lap at this prize , and were caught by a malicious tongue that hid within the sap .
yet another plant blossomed and withered in the time that it took wodi to walk by , obeying some inscrutable pattern in its genetic blueprint .
wodis hunger was not so great that he felt comfortable eating any of the strange plants , nor did he find any water to drink .
unless they came upon some godlike madman who tended the oasis and knew everything about it , they would never know which plants were healthy , which were poisonous , and which were crawling with microbes that their immune systems would not be able to handle .
the restaurant was beautifully decorated , the walls were covered in bright murals and there were potted plants and flowers everywhere .
` ` these old cities grow like plants , there is no planning , that 's why the roads are so screwy , '' i said to peter .
the plant life inside was abundant and did its part to counteract the modern industrial ambience .
the smell of moist plant life was the most noticeable aroma .
after gazing out across the magnificent cityscape , milo headed toward the park a botanical garden that combined artificial plants with real ones .
among the things on the list were hundreds of species of plants , a stockpile of over a million different types of seeds , a variety of animals , thousands of different kinds of bugs and healthy bacteria , a water purification system , a massive surplus of fresh water , an oxygen generator , a large supply of food , clothing , and medicine , and an assortment of weapons enough to supply an army .
it identified the species of plant , analyzed the moisture in the soil , and determined the distance between him and other objects .
along her travels , she would routinely stop and observe the many unusual plants , bugs , and small critters she encountered .
you described your surroundings , told me about the plants and trees , the positioning of the sun , moon , and stars .
i left him alone for one minute and he started to eat a plant that should definitely not be eaten .
there are tall ordinary trees , green luscious plants that do nt glow , and sunlight , precious sunlight .
even though i hate this dreadful dark half , i am very interested in transgenics , and they have hundreds of tree and plant specimens here .
kim and kat followed the path lined with transgenic plant exhibits till they came across an employee , and kim asked him , excuse me .
it is widely published that the first transgenic plant was the cross between the tobacco and the lantern fish ; the report is in fact not true .
they continued down a small hall into a rectangular room lit by sunlamps and within , thousands of pots of young transgenic trees and flowers and other non - transgenic plants filled a hundred or so rows .
at first , theresa helped me engineer transgenic plants and then later , we were both put on the organic - mecha project .
he also executed intricate anatomical studies of people , animals , and plants .
he plucked a green leaf from the plant and rubbed it between his fingers .
there were a dozen species of local plants , but after martin died eating roots and mushrooms nobody dared follow suit .
a plant in a pot .
* there were plants in the boxes .
they were right next to plants .
the spiky plant had weird coloured bits made out of too many leaves .
a sudden turn , and the space smelled like soap and chemicals and something like the flowers from the big room where all the plants were , only without the poo - smell of the garden bed .
there was a manservant for the barba - father and a gardener - farmer who grew things in a small room for plants or farmed the insects that the masters loved to eat .
` ` could probably do something with this lot , eventually ... get some plants in , we could make this our new home . ''
for a start , smiley stole and moved in a lot of plants that also grew food for him and the rest of the rebels .
` ` keeping the yucky plants out of our food gardens , dear . ''
` ` any plants that 're poisonous to masters that look like th ' good ones ? ''
then there were the sorters and the gardeners who turned poop and organics into mulch that grew the plants that gave them air and food .
lots of oceans on v-2445 , but not a ton of plant life .
we never found any real life , anything more than the odd plant or slightly advanced algae , on a system with more than twelve orbiting planets .
they build with plant materials only . ''
but it was all i knew until i was allowed to eat some of the plants that grew on laak'sa .
most of them , though , contained plant life of different forms in secured environments .
it misted heavily for about an hour , and then the simulated sun heated it back up and you could smell the excitement of the plants .
the plants stood taller .
more plants .
there was not much sugar in the plants of laak'sa .
and how thrilled they were when we discovered some native plant life that could be used for a similar purpose .
in 2011 , i visit him in early spring and bring him starter plants from my local farmers ' market so he can start or add to an herb garden .
the usual tough , ugly plants grew in the roadside ditches , their thorny foliage hissing in the breeze .
more patches of weeds grew out in the fields , and something new , as well low grassy plants carpeted some areas , reaching heights of fifteen or twenty centimeters .
the remaining water was fetid and green with pond scum type plant life .
even this plant is beautiful , he said .
things like that did nt exist , just plants and microscopic stuff .
dad always went on and on about how these unexplored planets had amazing plants and bacteria .
two he entered the plants grassy areas beyond the facility , its lots and the mine itself .
the green plant matter smelled pungent and intoxicating .
he stopped at the gardens edge and looked at the chest high tomato plants full of bright red cherry sized fruit .
not much to it , just him talking to a cat he calls cassandra , other animals around the place , and i think he talks to the plants in his garden too .
that idiot corrigan thinks the holey is talking to a cat and , get this , the plants in his garden .
the very early frost of a few days before had browned many of the plants in the garden .
mr . cooper has collected many of these species of plants from his various projects in countries throughout his extended enterprises .
then again , she thought , sitting up and staring around at nothing but plant life and undergrowth , am i alive ?
she was looking at a street lamp draped with thick potted plants .
` ` the plants around it are cropped .
it kind of seems like a plant sir . ''
` ` a plant , lucius ? ''
this is excluding , of course , those celestial bodies which consist many of plant life , and the moons of joi which are solely inhabited by the more ignorant and careless of all creatures , ladybirds .
humans need protein , which comes from plants and fungi .
actually , a turnip is nt a life form itself , but part of a plant .
a plant is part of a genus , but an individual turnip holds no position in this scheme quack sock , if i don know this stuff , ow can i be spected to be one of the smares beins ?
the point remains , david gratton ii said , that many plants are immortal .
you know , said david gratton ii , the tribes of the triangle islands believe the seeds of plants such as acorns or conkers are representative of the punctuation we use .
but when they re used out of place , the trianglers believe , a plant dies .
when it needed to be pulled out , it would be a plant .
but the plant unlodged one root from the fez and placed it into the sandwich .
the outlandish colored plants , the larger than day 's flowers , the trees all were overly - sized .
` ` a mugwort plant will stop the bleeding and help in the healing .
it is a bright red flowering plant you can not miss the colors , when you see them you will know the plant .
it is a bright red flowering plant you can not miss the colors , when you see them you will know the plant .
the bite was not that deep you will be fine if you place the root of that plant upon your foot to draw the poison out of the wound .
` ` thank you i will look for that plant as soon as i can .
appearing back to the streamside , the little rabbit reached into his front pouch , he produced a brightly colored red plant with a long black , thick root .
as the pages unfolded before him there were drawings of some of the plants , birds and life that louis has seen along his journey so far .
the odd trees , plants and bushes , the strange birds , so on and so on it went as louis delved deeper and deeper into the book .
it is called a mugwort plant .
this plant is used by dark witches , trolls and wizards who know about their powers .
holding back tears louis packed up the map , took a quick bite of some dried beef then embarked up the hillside looking for a mugwort plant .
you have to rub some mugwort plant on your arms and legs , and make a broth of the rest .
molly use what i have left of the mugwart plant and cook us up another batch of magic for us all .
the strange plant and healthful magic immediately diminished and began to clear the growths in a noticeable fashion of all infected collectively at once and each one individually .
unless we can find some more of this supernatural plant then this will have to be enough until we can reach the surface of our world again .
if not i am sure we can find some more mugwort plant in the area .
we ' ve survived by means of using some of mr . beamer 's magic , the mugwort plant and root .
there were broken trees , smashed stone , and uprooted plant life and fauna as far as the eye could see .
a collection of plants filled the section to the far right .
` ` i am much more involved in the manipulation of characters in plants , but i have worked with small animals as well .
el mundo global , green with plants , full of peeps and lots of other animals , caballos just one of many different ones .
no , my dad does nt have plants in his eyes .
he could even be a plant .
the only colors came from the green plants , the gray tile walkways , and the reddish - orange sunset .
she thought she heard a crashing sound among the plants outside the window , as if it had fallen , but she did not feel quite sure .
the moving floor deposited them in a large , crowded hall dotted with gurgling fountains , indoor plants and plastic - topped tables .
and so a group of ten or so convinced the aliens to take them , a number of tea plants , and a picture of the queen with them .
there they could all see paintings of trees , plants , animals and people hunting .
normally its some kind of disgusting plant or watery soup .
the room was surrounded with green plants hanging from the walls , vines climbing to the ceiling , flowers budding everywhere .
a nice , bright and calming light came through the translucent ceiling , giving the room a certain glow , as much for the plants as it was for the personnelwho were about to join him .
no doubt the plants in the room were taken care of by her office in the governance .
* * * * chapter 14 moon flower- the flower of the lady a poisonous plant , with berries , purple flowers , every part is quite toxic , but has been used in medicines to deaden pain .
i picked a flower , from a near - by plant , it was a midnight blue/ purple and absolutely gorgeous , and i wove its strands into my hair .
what are you thinking , this plant is highly poisonous !
i know this plant ; it is one we use for pain .
this is a medicinal plant but very toxic .
all of the plant is laced with poison that could kill even a foal , or a human .
if this plant is used to help relieve pain , but it is toxic how you do administer it ?
i believe that the young unicorns must have ingested this poisonous plant somehow , and that when they were treated they were given this same poison to relieve their pain , putting them further under the toxins influence and producing the catatonic state they are currently existing in .
i bound it tightly and not having wax to fragrance i swept through the home with the tips of the plant smoking .
the next day the reports started coming in and we saw that almost all the stories were identical , they were all in the forest , but none remembered going there or remembered why they had gone in the first place and furthermore most knew of the plant and that they should never ingest its poison .
chapter seven dolphin reef clusters of brown , yucca - like plants , the roots of which reached many meters below thin layers of water and sand , proved extremely useful .
jason crept toward the plant - like tentacles , tasker aimed at the nearest root .
hanging from her mouth were five limp stems of an undersea plant , a foot - long orange bulb attached to each .
the salamander gazed at him , her head tilted up , her stingray - like mouth gasping for air as she dropped the plants .
and , nibbling the celery - like plant stem , but we need a refund on that .
javier stopped gnawing on his half - eaten plant .
the plant was nt chewy ; rather it softened in her saliva , thinned into wet paper that she felt compelled to either swallow or spit out , its texture being unpleasantly soggy on her tongue and not like any food shed ever tasted .
at first he just redecorated the house and changed the garden plants that my mother was so fond of nurturing .
we only brought a few plant varieties and they must provide us with all our needs .
life forms on this plant were well advanced when uruk first arrived .
susan was stepping gingerly over the ground plants as though she did n't want to damage them .
there were no full size trees in the aquadome , but diminutive plants were now popping up everywhere , especially those with colorful blossoms .
there was little need for plants to provide oxygen since it was extracted from the ocean .
there were no signs of animal life or large trees , although there were plenty of low plants , green and brown and rust colored .
` ` yes , seeds or small plants .
` ` and flowering plants , like petunias and '' ` ` ah , susan my dear , '' david said , ` ` you must know that you can ask for anything and gilgamesh will provide . ''
besides , the plant would be far from our village , hidden by a grove of trees , so no one would even know it was there .
` ` farmers cut the bark of the mastic bush with a blade and the plant exudes a milky resin to close the wound .
the one on the end is called the cassia , or senna plant .
a minute later , pan said , ` ` these plants were trampled twenty - five to thirty minutes ago .
there were paintingsphysical paintingson one side of the room now , and living plants .
the sun was just too strong ; plants could no longer harness its energy .
the lack of plant life meant a lack of food and also a major o2 crisis .
we went to these special gardens in the middle of the old city down on the plains , there were plants from all around the world big trees , ponds , flowers ... grass .
plants tended to light it up a little , but a human body glowed orange .
shane was pleased to find that there was a plant , a seed , which when ground up could stop a babys gums from hurting .
its a plant like those ones on the middle of the city and in the forest precinct .
he had to squint , as if looking on ten angels ; the room was bathed in bright daylight and full of green plants .
he noticed many of the rooms were like his and that there were at least 10 rooms in which plants were being grown .
two people were in the room doing something to the plants .
ryan tried to step into the room but could barely get in the door it was so full of plants .
it was from a soy plant .
its the medium some of our plants are grown in .
the life - forms seem to include , on a hot planet ; primitive forms of algae yet other planets have more complex plant life forms and oxygen rich and temperate conditions .
they re pretty much the same except on the inside : the sapphire is full of plants and bio - med stuff .
water catchers were small leaved plants tightly contained in an outer mesh which could be fashioned into any shape .
the entire plant was encapsulated in the mesh ; a network of filaments capturing moisture and refeeding it to the plant but still allowing sunlight to reach the leaves .
the entire plant was encapsulated in the mesh ; a network of filaments capturing moisture and refeeding it to the plant but still allowing sunlight to reach the leaves .
although greenhill was tapped into the lofty mountain spring , water could also be collected from the catchment tanks at the base of these plants .
we know that these planets have the perfect atmosphere : plenty of oxygen , plant life and methanogenesis , indicating the presence of other microbial life forms too .
lighting could energise a work area , foster somnolence in another , boost plant growth in a garden , create a little piece of tropicana or while maintaining epidermal health and vitamin levels .
the planet was known to have plant life but little else was widely known .
magellan spoke : we knew there was life plant life , and simple organisms but there was nothing to indicate intelligent life , no many of the people laughed ironically in disbelief .
the area between the central square and the external ones was green , with some form of plant life ; everyone assumed .
she loved flowers and plants and wanted to become a florist specializing in exotic flowers , herbs , and native plant species and habitat restoration .
she loved flowers and plants and wanted to become a florist specializing in exotic flowers , herbs , and native plant species and habitat restoration .
he had them erected wind turbines on nearby garret overlook just to the south of their home , and julsey , with the help of her mother lucinda , had been trying to restore seed stocks of rare plants and plants which were endangered , rare , or no longer common in agricultural use inbetween the turbines .
he had them erected wind turbines on nearby garret overlook just to the south of their home , and julsey , with the help of her mother lucinda , had been trying to restore seed stocks of rare plants and plants which were endangered , rare , or no longer common in agricultural use inbetween the turbines .
it was what had inspired her to work with plants in the first place .
right off the bat she saw where her expertise in plant life was a compliment to his in marine biology and zoology .
unfortunately , nearly all the streets and intersections in l.a . looked nearly the same to him : improbably wide streets lined by inexplicably tall and strikingly exotic appearing palm trees and other tropical plants , impossibly priced , dilapidated stucco houses on postage - stamp - sized lots , and ramshackle motels , convenience and liquor stores , coin laundries , and other odds - and - ends shops .
they spoke of him doing strange , wondrous things , impossible things , particularly with plants and animals .
you know , taro , the staple food plant of polynesia .
do you like plants ?
` ` yes , i love plants , particularly tasty ones .
directly in front of her were snap - pea vines that reached to the top of a twenty - foot trellis , zucchini plants with leaves the size of elephant ears , and lettuce plants with heads already the size of water melons .
directly in front of her were snap - pea vines that reached to the top of a twenty - foot trellis , zucchini plants with leaves the size of elephant ears , and lettuce plants with heads already the size of water melons .
juvenile eggplant and tomato plants , also king - sized , were already taller than johnny .
images of trees and other plant life were steady and well defined , though translucent , while animals pulsed stronger , but with less distinct boundaries , as though their life forces were centered in their bodies , but not strictly confined to them .
it obviously invigorated normal plant and animal life , though he could sense nothing at all from it .
the plants and animals are all reflections of the outside world too , are nt they , modified to fit your idea of perfection ?
he had seen people fly and heal and cause plants to move .
` ` we also eat plants so we do n't need so much meat . ''
jumpers , scarves and socks all pegged to dry , all the same nettle green from the dye shed extracted from the stinging plants in her garden .
he crossed the room and pushed out onto the balcony , past the large leafy green plants ranged about before the windows .
treader nodded at the plants in the window .
the chameleon had the color of the green broadleaf plants that hung inside the ships bridge .
now they have acid rains and dark clouds , and deserted cities overgrown with mutated plants .
he unscrewed the clip from the handle and emptied the sand from it into the pot of a tall plant by the window , tapping it to ensure that every grain was removed , before replacing it in the gun and the gun back in its holster .
she passed large orchards where various fruit trees , massive gardens of vegetables and other fruitful plants flourished .
the bio dome was not clouded with the condensation of a large population of people or the transpiration caused by a high density of plants .
robots were at work planting hardy shrubs outside the bio dome as scientists rode around on rovers to report on the plants overall health .
there was a deep humming coming from the direction of the town as she looked up to see a dark object hovering over the crops , its powerful engines tore leaves off the life sustaining plants and shook their long stalks erratically as it passed .
kat walked over to a corner of the hall and reached under a dusty fake plant .
while he believed that they would nt poison him outright , both had an expert knowledge of plants that could knock him out or make him soil his britches , and they were not above pulling pranks .
certain strains of the xenovirus also affected earth plants .
these plants , once infected , became twisted and lived in symbiosis with the xenofungus .
areas taken over by the xenofungus and twisted plants were known as blights .
he hoped he could find a way to eradicate it within plant species to cure it , if you will .
the xenovirus mixed and matched genes of different plant species until it created something completely new .
there was something sinister about how fast it grew and swallowed plants , sometimes overnight .
just plants , right ?
we entered , finding ourselves among aisles and aisles of plants bearing enough fruits and vegetables to sustain several hundred people year - round , its interior lit by dim emergency lighting .
we passed rows of blue barrels , all filled with the nutrient - rich liquid needed to grow the plants without soil in the next room .
pink for plants , and purple for animals .
it mostly affects microbes , and more recently , plants , but it is thought to be benign .
most of his clothes were still there , as well as food , and plants .
dome space was too limited to grow uncontaminated plants or raise uncontaminated animals .
after the climate collapse , things had been hard , but many regions were slowly but surely building up renewed agriculture using the modified plant seeds that were showing up .
one of the things i researched is called plant transmutation .
some people have claimed that plants could form proteins which would bring certain molecules within sufficient proximity that they would spontaneously fuse to form higher order elements .
the current crop of animals and plants have adapted to this rain of death .
their trunks contain enzymes and cellular structures which allow them to perform ` ` plant transmutation '' ( discussed in an earlier post ) .
ever since we arrived here in part 2 of rome 's revolution , we ' ve only seen a few types of animals and plants .
as far as plant life is concerned , the only native flora are the cane - trees , the sticky bushes , the threadgrass and some flowers .
how can a world exist which does not have a wide range of animal and plant types ?
the algae converts the light and the carbon dioxide into plant growth with the by - product being oxygen .
some russian scientists were able to take tissue from a plant that had been frozen for over 30,000 years and get it to grow , thus resurrecting a species 300 centuries old .
the plant is still growing and fertile and producing white flowers and seeds .
bruce was complaining to me about the paucity of plants , etc . , in the world of rome 's revolution , to decorate rei and rome 's house .
he also said there should be plenty of earth animals running around and earth plants , both brought in and from the ark 's stores .
i explained to him that it is true that there have been plants and animals imported from earth .
in fact , in the chapter lovingly called ' the blanket 's tale ' in rome 's evolution , i even came up with a scientific explanation as to why there were so few plants and animals .
the world 's record so far for reviving an ancient plant is sitting at 30,000 years .
in the article , they cite that ` ` the plant is of the species silene stenophylla , and radiocarbon dating says it is 31,800 years old . ''
the next clue takes him to a garden world which the inhabitants , living , sentient plants , call e'den .
however , by and large , the world of rome 's revolution is largely devoid of native animals and plants .
well , this part , coming up with new animals and plants certainly counts as a challenge .
for the most part , i want to get to the story so i gloss over such things and only mention plants or animals as needed .
plants : - crayola trees .
entry 1 - 264 : september 15 , 2013 my flora , my fauna : deucado friday 's post focused on the animals and plants found in the alpha centauri system on the planet of helome .
as they passed , the ground plants would spring back into shape without a sign that many had trodden this way .
many animals and plants produced formicary substances for defensive purposes , like some ants and bees , but this reptile was more formidable than any swarm of insects .
there was nothing magical about it , merely selecting soft ground plants , particularly the ferns and bracken , which would muffle a footfall and cushion ones path .
he uses herbs and plants which only grow near the grayflood river .
everyone sat on wickered backless chairs made of woody plant fibers , except that a large rock had been rolled up for nevin .
now they were to see a land filled with strange critters and plants .
he brought along a tablet of paper and was busy sketching all of the strange plants and birds he saw .
jason himself had become a major contributor of eggs and edible plants .
jeremy and jason worked diligently to find edible plants to supplement their diet .
when they were done with the wound care , daniel was full of questions about the types of animals and plants jeremy had found .
he and jason would sit for hours discussing the characteristics of some critter or plant that jason had drawn .
the wine was made from the berries of the giant kelp plant and had a strong bitter flavor , but served its purpose well .
the food was served in bowls made of dried leaves of the giant kelp plant and eaten with fingers or a simple spoon carved of wood .
the wine was served in small bowls made of the dried leaf of the giant kelp plant , which had somehow been molded and seemed to resist getting wet .
they were showered with small pieces of the giant kelp plant , which was an essential part of the life of larbys people .
those of larbys people distributed the beverage they made from the berries of the giant kelp plant .
her beloveds noticed not her standing in the shadows , as they played with the ball made of the leaves of the kelp plant .
where she did spend money was on plants .
but there were others as well , rafis palm plants , pineapple tropical plants , rubber trees , dracaena gold star , and vines too , philodendron , ivy , and even orchids , for some color .
but there were others as well , rafis palm plants , pineapple tropical plants , rubber trees , dracaena gold star , and vines too , philodendron , ivy , and even orchids , for some color .
tiny pots stood inside of them with small plants .
i just did nt want the only opportunity for the residents to feel real earth and plants to be priced out of reach .
for example ; notorious exotic plant thief , barnaby swale had altered his feet to such a degree that he could nt be caught using traditional methods .
he said nothing all the way back to his den , and it was a den , nestled in between some tree trunks surrounded by plants .
a small man slowly crawled out of some plants next to where maldroth was standing and brushed the dirt off his clothes .
oscer asked as we comfortably strolled back through all the plants i had chomped on earlier .
there were nt even any artificial plants to look at whilst you got your breath back .
inside the office the computer greeted her in its neutral female voice as the calming scent of bilgano plant wafted around her .
the plants were another leftover of her predecessor , but a more positive one beth thought as she breathed in the perfumed air .
the plant lover and the death cheater snarled at each other , each instinctively moving to sit on opposite sides of the table .
the plant monsters slithered expectantly as the writhing operative struggled .
of course , the plant specialist winked back , gripping a lever fixed to the podiums side , i lied .
mercifully the screams were few , quickly smothered by the plant things in the pit .
the large swath of plants was intensely green , almost to the point of looking artificial .
near mid - day , the plants had all visibly grown significantly larger , and small bulges were visible on the soil surface .
while he was n't a botanist by any stretch of the imagination , he was familiar enough with the plants that grew in the area from his childhood .
long thick pods contained hundreds of the beans , and they were easily harvested green or allowed to dry on the plant for storage .
chimeric plants , they had been designed as an early experiment in biological modification that also utilized elements of the infectious agent .
the results were phenomenal , each of these plants could feed a single person for several days , and they met their caloric and nutritional needs nearly perfectly .
regardless of where they were grown , the acclimated to the weather conditions over time , and could be induced to mature whenever desired so long as the plant was large enough .
power was mostly solar and wind generated , the excess electricity generated when it was bright or windy was stored in large chemical batteries that used special compounds extracted from plants to store the surplus ..
it seemed that the infection was not limited to people anymore , plants and insects were now sources , too .
the signal from the woods , the animals , insects , and plants , seemed to grow stronger .
jerry was able to make reasonably good speed walking alongside the road , where the grass and plants still grew and yielded sound footing .
the last remnants of the winter storm had passed , and the scent of new plant growth was heavy in the air .
several of the buildings were partially buried with earth , and plants grew over the remaining exposed structure .
there was a barely perceptible aroma from plants of some kind .
she looked a bit confused so he explained that farm water was nt dosed since it interfered with plant growth .
the plants will take a while to grow but hopefully it will take a while for anyone to come here .
the smell of the plants surrounding him filling his nose , sending signals to his brain , making connections to the smells .
in the summer he would buy her plants for the garden , tools that she needed , anything she wanted .
the staple foods for most people were genetically engineered plants , and grains .
pretend you re a plant if you know what s good for you , she said in a muffled voice .
something in the gentle sway of these plants , which soon gave way to the travelers and left open a path easy to the feet , softened her to the core , reluctant as she was to believe it .
the first human beings , along with various forms of wild animal and plant life , were then introduced to the new worlds , at around the same time .
it was necessary , since the architects were only a few years into the project , and had nt deposited any plant or animal life on the planet , for the indigenous sentient life to feed off of .
aia had developed quite a fondness for water and made sure that she would have plenty to perceive , while she worked to deposit plant , animal and sentient life on her new planets .
siren and tyrran were finally working together and established a chemical agent in the form of a gas that was synthesized to eliminate radiation pockets , reverse global warming and re - stimulate plant growth .
during psychedelic journeys i have undertaken after ingesting certain , uh , plants and chemical substances , i have demonstrated some amazing abilities which were recorded on video .
i have studied medicinal plants with native healers .
as an expert on certain plant and chemical compounds , perhaps you should know about a chemical called emc-2 , eh ?
as far as we know , there 's nothing there but plants , water , land , and air to breathe .
tables adorned with potted plants and decorative vases were spaced evenly apart along both walls .
however , eating unknown plants would surely yield a few casualties , so that option was nt the kindest , either .
it did nt matter how they smelled ; i did not possess any length of knowledge on plants that were edible versus plants that were deadly .
it did nt matter how they smelled ; i did not possess any length of knowledge on plants that were edible versus plants that were deadly .
if he wants to eat potentially poisonous plant life , that is his prerogative .
i walked closer to him to observe the plants that were cut up or minced completely and separated into piles on his nightstand .
several of our number had been afflicted with various cancers and found themselves cured upon ingesting that plant .
apparently , it was nt the most appetizing of plants .
there are n't any plants up here that we can eat .
was it when he blithely informed you that you needed that plant to save quinn ?
with this unseasonably warm weather the snows pretty much melted and plants are already coming up .
things most people know , already easy to identify plants i know grow around here .
but those are plants almost everyone already knows .
* * * * ok folks , first rule of collecting wild edibles is never eat a plant unless you know what it is without a shadow of a doubt .
which is why we 're starting with some easy plants everybody should know .
bending over , indie plucked several leaves from a nearby plant .
plants without flowers are less bitter than those with , the plants also lose the bitter taste after the first frost .
plants without flowers are less bitter than those with , the plants also lose the bitter taste after the first frost .
what we 're going to do is take our buckets and pick just the leaves from plants with no flowers .
good , because our next plant is cattail .
i 'll pull some plants and no one else needs to get wet .
she pulled a few plants free of the mud and water and tossed them on the bank .
if i had to find the planet , i d do my project on something very easy , like how to find certain plants on other planets .
they were manmade with every tree , plant , and pond planned out and executed by hired men .
the cantina guards reached for their own guns in surprise , but before they could draw them the newcomers launched five - inch needles coated in the lethal venom of the okka plant across the room .
after washing , zurra stepped out into the garden , admiring the plants urula looked after with such care .
each house had a palm tree growing on the side of its driveway and potted plants hung from several doorways .
no plants had been grown here for a long time .
yes , okka is a plant native to the planet of sartokken in the krokator star empire .
the trees here in los angeles swayed pleasantly in the warm breeze and reminded him of similar but smaller plants that were native to rukkur .
the store he was looking for was a busy coffee shop snuggled between a store selling multicolored video boards and what appeared to be a place to buy a variety of dried common plants and weeds .
okka venomous plant native to the planet of sartokken .
in between ceremonies and conferences , the four of us watched the weather and demanded plant and animal surveys in ever - widening circles around the atoll .
man , you will get me some of that plant , right ?
chapter 18 - near death can change things chapter 19 - returning home chapter 20 - richmond chapter 21 - a job in 1944 chapter 22 - laura chapter 23 - the ford plant chapter 24 - are the feelings real ?
after running hundreds of tests , she had found that , based on the chemical content , the plant was the solution .
of course , without having the real plant , she had to assume some of the chemical characteristics , and that is why it was important to get an actual specimen .
she was even hoping that once she had the plant she could test it to cure other nervous diseases .
she also knew that bringing plants from the past was thought to be easy .
in addition , the return on investment would be quick , as there was a high degree of confidence that the particular plant could be used to cure depression .
he loved to end his talks with that phrase in reference to their work with plants , but today amy was not amused .
you should show anthony and gustav how to recognize the plant and where the best places are to find it .
the reason i was out there yesterday was to study the plant life .
she had brought a small spade , and she started to look for a healthy plant .
i was with you when he went to get the plant specimen .
through the 1900s people built without regard to their environment and resources , but now we are more careful about the habitats of animals and plants .
this whole project is just to recover extinct plants so they can be used to make medicines .
well , ford had a plant in richmond , california .
as you all know , my target plant was plentiful in the 1750s in england .
so , the spanish introduced the plant to florida ?
chapter 39 - dinner with new susan it would be a feat if your plant is a cure for bipolar , said ryan .
some of side effects we were worried about are not there when synthesizing the medicine from the actual plant .
in any case , you should have georges plant tomorrow and then return .
its not the plant , it is the transport marker .
where were you are going to look for the plant today ?
next to the fountain is a garden with many different plants .
get the plant , then you both can come back with it .
chapter 50 - running out of time travelers hours later , they had not found any plant that was even similar to what they were looking for .
jeff shook his head and showed him a plant in the back of the cart .
i picked the largest plant i could find .
there were nt any other rocks nearby , so i pulled up a small plant and threw it into the puddle .
the plant disappeared just like the rocks .
then i heard my dad calling for me , and as i looked back at the puddle one last time , it had stopped glowing and under the moonlight i could see both rocks had reappeared along with the plant .
the strange thing was that the plant was all dried up and dead .
she asked when he came walking in with the plant in his arms .
after confirming the dreamstone was still safely in the soil , he rinsed off his finger with the hose and then watered the plant .
there was art on the walls and there was a houseplant on a plant stand , underneath a grow light .
harvey saw a note on the plant stand , addressed to him .
he noticed then that the air still had the smell of upwind snow , but today there was overlay of fresh plant smells , and an earthy aroma almost like cooked food .
i offered the plant to warren to give to you , and he got one of those ' anything not totally insane to please a lady but this sure is close ' looks on his face .
he did extra surveys , plant as well as animal .
the way the ornate architecture framed her and the brilliant blossoms of the plants growing in front of it suggested it was all done specifically to frame the woman .
and a mixture of valewort , faebane , and the water vilis plant will ease all the symptoms and relieve the patient of any discomfort .
huge intersecting spires , mounds , and cubes , awash with green plants , glowing lights , and glass enclosures , dominated the central complex .
less than that , if you carry the crowd that you 'd need to replenish at least several species of plants and animals . ''
bates was amazed to find that this included large patches of bushy , green leafed rhododendrons , which he had always thought of as delicate , domestic plants of a sort only to be found in select yuppie yards .
for the first hour until they began to tire , they were almost constantly commenting on this or that animal or plant , and passing around specimens that they snatched up as they went .
` ` dooley controls the jungle plant life and i address animal life and great one vibes , '' explained johnny .
the jungle heat and humidity were almost unbearable and the footing was difficult for nearly everyone , even though the plants were laying down where they walked .
` ` the plants fear just as much . ''
caustic plant chemicals erupted from bark and fruit , and from insects and tiny microbe bodies , to chemically dissolve more countless billions of the microscopic metallic nanites themselves and encase their chemical remains in living material that slowed their reclamation by surviving nanites .
the jungle plants opened a path before them , and then sprang closed behind them , such that very quickly the amazing pair were out of sight .
plants erupted from the scarred soil all around the hikers , growing so fast that their growth was perceptible to the team , though it was still less than a meter tall and hardly needed to be pushed aside by the unicorn .
in terms of obstructing plant life they had relatively easy time for the next several kilometers , though it was still almost unbearably hot and humid .
but he had n't yet mastered the trick of clearing the way of plant and animal life , so machete work was needed .
he had taught her so much in her young life , about science and all kinds of plants and trees .
no , i like plants .
the screens displayed the genetic replication processes of several of the humanoid and non - humanoid biped creatures from the many worlds they had visited , as well as hundreds of plant and animal specimens from across these planets .
alessia threw herself down on the seat panel in thoughtful agitation , then stilled to listen to the hum of the light panels above and the percolating water that suddenly broke into a shower over the plants .
when she opened them , a greenish face with stringy green hair greeted her ; a look almost of horror had frozen on the face of the plant refashioned in human form .
alessia enjoyed her particular assignment , to teach namba about alien biologies he had never known , and about alien species of organisms resembling the seynorynaelian categories of ` ` plants '' and ` ` animals '' .
the ` ` plants '' of elter - ya5 had grown as tall as seynorynaelian trees but had no bark .
each team was delegated a particular biome in which to collect seeds and the smaller vegetation samples unreachable by the android - controlled cargo shuttle that had followed them to retrieve the larger plant and animal specimens .
they had spoken of ` ` a creator '' that had metamorphosed them into a humanoid form , a man who had come alone to their world and seeking companionship , had recreated humanoid forms like himself from the sentient plant species he had found .
` ` only the hardiest plants flourished in the coldest territories , those that had adapted to the cold .
the city they had seen in the broadcasted transmissions was located in the middle of wide , rolling green plains and rugged hills , some covered by short dark green vegetation , others near a vast stretch of water only open white sand plains dotted by small plants .
how is it that any flowering plants exist here like the ones we know so well , chiyenn said .
i am incredulous that we have made contact with a race that shares our form , and that the plants and animals of this world thus far seem not unfamiliar to us .
jerekkil could read the skies for signs of weather change , read the winds for the taste of inclement weather , and he knew the name and use of every plant out here in firien .
` ` and on tulor there is a giant , paper - thin plant that grows in patches on the surface of the water .
` ` the ikulor plants cover the entire surface of the water for thousands of miles . ''
` ` it is said that the sea creatures that live in the murky depths of the emerald sea glow , for the ikulor plants block the light from bilac , tulor 's yellow - white star , just like a blanket of snow covering the ground .
the tulorians ate the ikulor plant for many years , until they realized that the enzymes in these plants could be purified to make potent medicines to heal the sick .
the tulorians ate the ikulor plant for many years , until they realized that the enzymes in these plants could be purified to make potent medicines to heal the sick .
there s nothing here but plants .
hinev came to adore the smell of the ripening sher - inn wafting on the breeze as the warm season approached , the smell of the last days of the warm season , when the bite of the coming cold stung the air and stung his nose ; he knew the scents of nature , the individual scents of each animal , of the trees and shrubs and plants ; he knew the land with such intimacy , and the land knew him , as if both of them had been fashioned for each other .
i ve always felt plants are an interesting subjectthank you , wen - eil , for that interesting side - note would someone please stop playing that infernal tune over and over in their heads ?
the firien province , called the firn province , was still frequented by authorized traders to the mechanized production plants that had been built there , production plants that scoured the land for rare minerals and plants found only in the firn province .
now watch , ben directed as he placed a flowering lotus plant under a small , glass dome and turned on an array of lights which bathed it in a soft multi - colored diffusion .
all plants , animals and humans have a singular existence in our reality .
the islands are covered with them ; they feast on natural island plants .
shawn , all of life is regeneration : water , soil , plants , animals and even the energy of our spirit .
among the plants , and also in serried ranks , stood a thousand or more blue and white outlined aliens , inch - perfect and eyes front and centre .
one of the foremost aliens reached out a long , thin finger and touched the tip to a plant .
the plant glowed and seemed in an instant to thrive , to become more alive .
the alien in the next row along reached out a similarly thin , ethereal fingertip and briefly touched the plant nearest him .
that plant suddenly became desiccated , browned and lifeless .
there are trees and plants in their agriculture farm , so she knows the texture of those things .
that depends on if you like plants .
you want to have good healthy things that you know you can eat while learning new plants , i assume .
most people see plants and trees and rocks and grass as vivid colors and textures , but to me they are mostly grayed out .
the place was beautiful ; a jungle - like atmosphere with exotic plants and trees that gave the feeling of being in some far off country .
pepper was still the most curious of the three and she would wander off chasing some bug or sniffing some plant .
there were little plants growing in rows and i do nt think they were tomato plants .
there were little plants growing in rows and i do nt think they were tomato plants .
try over here , tuck said , moving to a spot away from the glass where an iron fence overgrown with plants separated the lions from the public .
he had eaten some part of a plant by the fence and was not keeping his food down .
the male , timbor , ate some part of a plant and has been throwing up , avril said .
can you show us which plant , linc ?
they said , oh , they do nt eat plants .
that plant had a nasty toxicity to it and its been removed now so he wo nt eat it again .
the plants were still there , all lined up in neat rows .
the moon shone down on the plants and if we were nt on such a disturbing mission , it would look beautiful .
all the plants had been pulled up and carted off in plastic bags .
the hall outside joeys room and the nursing station were in ruin , pictures and papers strewn around , decorations and plants knocked over and even some wall paper torn from the walls .
he poured most of the bottle in a potted plant , and urinated in it before returning the bottle to its previous position on the nightstand .
the plant would n't continue to pump the water to her people and the day would come when they had to rely on their own wells , on ground water .
tomatoes or lettuce or even potted plants ? ''
if you plow right , get a good bed laid , and make sure the weeds are gone until the plants are big , it does n't take much to make food grow .
let me make sure he 's on the up - and - up and not some plant . ''
mother stopped at the two yards that had tall poles of bean plants growing up and around them .
the tomato plants had spread so far , seemed like so much .
they 'll all sniffing plant vapors , if you ask me .
surrouding glass - walled spherical buildings was a meticulously landscaped garden of greenery and exotic plants .
some are given copious amounts of a plant called silent shade , which erases all the senses and paralyzes the body but leaves the mind utterly alive .
when i smelled the air , i could smell all the plants around me , and quickly , i sorted through those scents until i found the one i was searching for : the flare tree .
one day , he had explained to me that elixir was not the only magical healing plant that grew in the fertile soil on pangaea .
here i thought you were going to ask my opinion on the state of affairs here , or this strange weather , or the healing properties of other plants in the forest .
even asking for help from a higher power in which i barely believed made me want to wash my mouth out with some foul - tasting plant .
the second i had cleared those deadly plants and several higher standing , less threatening ones , the light of the full moon nearly blinded me .
despite its name , the plant produces a soothing chill that almost erases all traces of pain completely .
i agree that the judging system is fair , but we all know what taking that plant has done to us .
violet in my first weeks of training for medical , i learned everything there was to know about the medicinal qualities of plants and herbs , first aid , minor surgical techniques , and most awesomely , how to deliver a baby .
the night after kelly gave birth , i told caspar every detail as we lounged under one of the palm trees in a cluster of exotic plants at the far end of his street , close to the ash - circle .
the stand was most typically stocked with plants and tonics that induced mind - altering effects , specifically ones that involved heightened arousal and more adept physical endurance , if one catches my drift .
he stretched out his wings and muscular arms towards the various potted plants in the room .
the plants began to move on their own as they recognized him communing with them .
the plants began coming to him as if intelligently sensing his presence .
he is in complete ecstasy as he is surrounded by the flowing vines of the plants growing around him .
the plants and the beast communed enjoying one anothers presence .
he peacefully embraced his plants enhancing his own pleasures and relishing the bond of life they shared .
she led them out into a path in the woods that is apparently untouched by the pack because the trees appeared to be covered in foul smelling plants .
james and tina looks up in awe at what appeared to be a never ending ceiling that seemed to veer up into the heavens , well lit , a dome shape at the very top , and plants of all varieties growing in the dome , animals of various species local and foreign to this land walking about as if in their natural habitat .
the earth lay barren and fruitless devoid of natural vegetation or plant life and black as pitch .
he unveils a set of electronic components and metallic orbs near a series of plants in a glass casing .
the plant grew to height of half a metre and had ovoid spore cases on top of the stems .
any exotic plants outside the dome had long since died , replaced by this planet 's bryophytes .
again , all the plants were dead all that remained were their trunks , corpse - branches clawing at the shattered ceiling .
the delicate fragrance seemed to come from these plants .
# 89044 - b 's eyes flashed , casting a blue kyanite glow over the already blued plants .
he develops and refines the additives , monitors the plants very carefully , adds another drop of this or that to the soil , prunes back the leaves just another centimetre , increases the humidity in the greenhouse just a bit , and on and on , to grow the best rose , for example , the one with the most vibrant color , the healthiest petals , the highest proportion of petal to leaf , or what have you , i do nt know exactly .
he was a scientist , a deep space explorer , charged with exploring undiscovered planets , analyzing plants and sketching animals , to determine if a planet was suitable for human life .
but even better , they were nt that complex , so she only had to spend about a day and a half ( versus two or three weeks ) gathering they key information about the planet , such as chemical makeup of the plants , water quality , and a general sense of the animal life .
lyssa , who had always used her fathers sensors to analyze plants on the spot , simply rolled her eyes and began trudging through the forest .
` ` but you only bring in 3 planets a quarter , '' vel said , nonchalantly looking at a plant .
then , it occurred to her that he may simply be delirious , as he started talking to a nearby potted plant .
` ` yeah , that normally involves taking samples of the leaves back to a laboratory and using a series of complex and time - consuming chemical experiments to determine the ph balance , the composition of plant cell walls , and testing for known toxins , '' vel smiled .
in the shade of a lime tree , she stares at centuries old trees , some of them populated by huge bats , others with long sharp leaves , like prehistoric plants .
thanks to them , viruses , bacteria and even plants and animals have been identified .
he whistles a cheerful song that the plants repeat exactly .
these plants can learn whole sentences , outstripping even the cleverest birds on earth .
they were met by patio chairs , tables , and large plants .
her wide crooked smile was also an ambiguous one , in fact it 's always ambiguous , she definitely belongs to the world 's population of man - eating plants .
and eventually caused the next major change in cell structure by engulfing bacteria , by means of endosymbiosis , and triggering a co - evolution which finally resulted in organisms such as mitochondria , hydrogenosomes and , in plants and algae , chloroplasts .
and so it was that around 500 million years ago plants and fungi began to colonize the land , and they were followed about 350 million years ago by arthropods and other animals of elementary structure .
for example , the majority of plants and animals reproduce sexually , the defining characteristic of which is recombination , so called because each of the offspring receives 50 % of the genetic inheritance from each of the parents .
in fact , nearly all plant and animal species that have ever lived on the earth are now extinct .
our suits were made of something that the gardeners called carbon fiber , though i guess there were n't any carbon plants left and nothing that grew in the whisperwards made cloth like that any more .
the greenhouses were arranged in glittering rows across a broad plain around the base of the stormsphere 's black immensity , an area painstakingly cleared of ancient rubble so the plants inside could get as much sun as possible .
my talents would have been a little wasted standing watch over a bunch of plants .
eventually , everyone died and we all went to feed the plants .
one of the robots carrying our seeds and plants was malfunctioning .
there were even paintings on the walls , cheerful and expensive pigments depicting plants that i had never seen before .
the plants sure were n't up to anything exciting at that hour . ''
he had large , capable hands with dirt and green plant material crusted deep beneath the nails .
someone had painted it with images of plants , but the decorations hid nothing of the bleak gray walls .
i tried to talk to zach about what we had seen , about the murals and the strange plants , the toxic milkweed and sweet nectar offerings , the door into the stormsphere but zach did n't want to discuss any of it .
salty and tangy and full of long green strips of a plant i did n't recognize .
the plants potted all around thorn 's office , even the colorful paintings on the walls none of it seemed beautiful anymore .
the air was too damp , too close and the plants felt alien .
we found a few more and zach sucked down a single small mouthful before we squeezed the strange plants into our empty canteen and drank .
we dug through the surrounding sand some more , but seemed to have exhausted the patch of mysterious plants , so we finally gave up the hunt and moved on .
` ` it 's a plant , '' kiyu said .
of all the plants saved from the wrath , what could god or anything else want with a poisonous weed ?
god gave the earth to men , and to us command of the plants and the beasts , '' said thorn .
` ` we really do need the plants .
but the gardeners know how to keep plants alive , even now .
these structures and the plant growth need water .
he was surprised they had nt picked him up on infrared ; the plant life must mask his body heat .
we could find a medicinal plant , or a new naturally occurring polymer which would change the way we see the universe .
the area was much the same as far as plant life and foliage was concerned .
its so much like a plant we ca nt determine what kind of thermal variance it will have .
dr . yancy , our resident botanist , said most of the plant samples she removed were similar to temperate climate plants .
dr . yancy , our resident botanist , said most of the plant samples she removed were similar to temperate climate plants .
i do nt know of any specialized equipment that would be able to distinguish this creature from local plant life .
the leaf formations which cover the body feeds the creature , much like a plant does with photosynthesis .
like any plant they need soil for nutrients , and sunlight for photosynthesis .
its a plant animal hybrid of some kind .
it has every function of a mammal , with the added functions of a plant .
then they mistakenly get transformed into meat eating plants ?
she had me collecting plants and herbs for almost a year and then started me on making herbal medicines .
the man looked up at the tall , naked , greenish white , womanly form of a plant fairy .
the plant fairy scowled .
flora , the plant fairy , insisted , a king must do what a king must do .
besides , carnivorous plant fairies are less than a percent of a percent of the native population .
every concubine on telluria knew who this entity was : the carnivorous plant fairy !
we know your secret : you captured the seedlings of plant fairies .
the carnivorous plant fairy smiled , yes .
you fear the carnivorous plant fairy ?
the plant fairy could hear her king telling the woman , were a rowdy bunch but were friendly .
drusilla mentioned , your carnivorous plant fairy sodomizes my sisters to devour them to bare bones .
drusilla felt so small and weak as the tall , menacing , carnivorous plant fairy and towering , monstrous , burly sasquatch stepped out before her .
the plant fairy gestured for everyone to step onto the pattern .
the man gestured at the imposing plant , introducing , the oracle of telluria .
adam shrugged , explaining , plant fairies do nt have life - spans so they re never in a hurry .
the man assured , my rations were prepared by plant fairies , so i assure you : it all tastes better than it looks .
the plant fairies of telluria slept as groves within sanctuaries .
shapeless monsters and undead women were mustered to assail and devour the sleeping plant fairies .
the partially material physiology of plant fairies could prove ideal for the production of new strains of monster .
several groves of plant fairies are within our grasp .
the body of flora , greatest of the carnivorous plant fairies , shall come to me and become my own .
the monsters of yississ gradually withdrew , taking hundreds of plant fairies and thousands of virgin soldiers with them .
hundreds of plant fairies have been abducted , undoubtedly to be made into monsters .
the carnivorous plant fairy laughed maniacally .
the carnivorous plant fairy wailed in crazed delight , her vines trying to shove into the man !
the carnivorous plant fairy dropped from the man and crawled away from him .
a patrolling scout witnessed the strange altercation between adam and the carnivorous plant fairy .
flora the plant fairy told the sentinel guarding the spiral staircase that came into the room , it is my companions who are ascending the steps .
there was a long , quiet pause until drusilla asked , what is the nature of your relationship with the carnivorous plant fairy ?
hey , a carnivorous plant fairys got to eat .
the venerable plant fairy said unto the cloaked and hooded woman , my people can not hide from the uncanny gaze of yississ and her monsters .
fierce battles ensued as the monsters fought to snatch as many of the fleeing plant fairies as possible .
thousands of plant fairies were missing .
ten thousand of your troops are made from plant fairies and shall serve as head eaters .
milady , your polymorphs made from plant fairies do not drink blood .
milady , we have befriended a mad wizard of the plant fairies .
we believe a hybrid of polymorph and plant fairy would differ from a plant fairy turned into a polymorph .
we believe a hybrid of polymorph and plant fairy would differ from a plant fairy turned into a polymorph .
too many mortal women surround the plant fairies as it is .
your siblings shall swarm the gathered plant fairies and conscript them into our service .
flora the carnivorous plant fairy squatted next to him .
chapter 7 beginning of the end shrubby was a little plant fairy incapable of assuming humanoid form .
the little plant fairy hid among actual bushes .
there were millions of plant fairies on planet telluria , less than a thousand of whom were carnivorous .
the carnivorous plant fairies heard the shout of the oracle hail them , warriors of the woodlands , monsters come for us !
we could not reach the sleeping plant fairies .
yazmin said to adam , ten million plant fairies are residing here in region one .
honestly , i ve never met a male plant fairy .
yazmin insisted , the plant fairies need not fight or kill .
throwing plant fairies up those hills is damn coldblooded !
hundreds of carnivorous plant fairies awaited the mustering force .
you re carnivorous plant fairies have assumed the role of officers and work well with our priestesses .
the carnivorous plant fairy smiled .
flora the carnivorous plant fairy assured , adam , we shall prevail by you , our king .
thousands of goblins and sasquatches armed with plasma guns and led by carnivorous plant fairies accompanied the army of clone women .
flora , the strongest of all tellurias carnivorous plant fairies , was coming .
in the valleys and gorges to the east : hundreds of plant fairies , thousands of goblins and sasquatches and hundreds of thousands of clone women were under attack !
adam noticed that his beloved carnivorous plant fairy was missing .
the man and woman resumed their search for the imperiled plant fairy .
far into the unnatural green and blooming wildflowers beyond , plant life shrouded the turnoff and made the meeting sight almost impossible to find .
after they broke from the columns of plant life crowding the road , arkane ran his fingers through his dark hair and yawned in the humming monotony .
mars was colonized : there was a relative abundance of specially engineered plant life and there were also several forms of intelligent life that had been artificially adapted to survive unassisted ( when i say ` ` intelligent life '' i mean spiders , wingless insects , and not much more ) .
it looked like some kind of oceanic plant life .
the plan involved three loops around the galaxy : first , to sow the atmosphere - specific , single - celled life on each candidate planet ; second , to situate human , animal , and plant life ; and third , to record observations of human development .
secondly , all forms of microorganisms that were used for converting atmospheres for the purposes of this mission were laced with special information in the non - coding genesspecifically , all necessary instructions pertaining to all known plant and animal life ( this was intended as a failsafe in the event that i could not return to a planet and place humans on it ) .
he 's proposing you partake in a mere mortal measure , a daily dose of protein , plant prosperity and fatty filler .
light givers in a light and plant filled room , located deep in the heart of the central city , the governing council of the lightgivers empire of the blessed truth was in session .
also the builders could easily construct a weather shield to protect the island and make sure that the plants imported from the homeworld would not die of frost or snow even in winter .
over worked is it , what now that you must make your own dinner , and take care of the house , oh and take out the trash and do the dishes and wash your clothes and look after the plants and shop for food and what else ?
the plants of glyde frost were unique among all the stars .
most of the plants were common , but the trees of the planet were something special .
a newly constructed dome built by a martian agricultural company specialized in high protein plant sources .
the plants thrived in drought condition and provided oxygen as well as protein .
the flavor comes from a combination of cow milk , sugar , and the native plant , mint .
new - earth miniseries gragon weed : a poison plant , found on palbo .
templar miniseries grangow plant : a common plant , growing seven pacs high , in the temperate regions of tors .
templar miniseries grangow plant : a common plant , growing seven pacs high , in the temperate regions of tors .
the plant is used to build huts by natives and also used for fashioning implements .
juggernaut miniseries grango fruit : ( pronounced gran - goh ) the fruit from the grangow plant .
new - earth miniseries mangow plant : a common plant around tors .
new - earth miniseries mangow plant : a common plant around tors .
often the pronouncing of the word mangow plant is used a unit of time on tors .
the plant is used a source of green food , clothing , timber .. juggernaut miniseries manik , geko : trooper ( second class ) of maluka .
a plant that high amongst us ?
oxygen is produced by the various plant growth , beneath the water of the lakes .
there are said to contain every variety of jilta plant life , somewhere in the courtyard , which extends for three acres , including indoors .
valao body - slammed him into the plants they were hiding behind when he heard the two shots .
he saw an unusual plant and decided to stay away from it , thinking it might be the poisonous lverujosk , for it met all of the exceptions to be one .
hook clamped his prosthetic onto one of the first plants and drew his blade with the other , sawing the plant off at the bottom .
hook clamped his prosthetic onto one of the first plants and drew his blade with the other , sawing the plant off at the bottom .
we helped him cut down a few of the plants and began walking again , this time in a slightly different direction .
he passed off a handful of plants , which she accepted without a second thought , and told her , alyse , i think these are the people that girl was talking about .
she laid the plants inside the door and called out , kylee !
we came upon the first pen after a short hike , but not before hook stopped off at his field to chop a few more plants .
it was discovered in our modern day by a team studying plant life in an effort to explain why some species of trees are able to live hundreds of years .
jacy remembered gold bathroom fixtures , and verdant tropical plants throughout , giving the building a lush , vibrant atmosphere .
tell me miss pettit , do you have any plant allergies ?
the front door had been shrouded by a recessed porch filled with vibrant potted tropical plants .
she was making progress in the game , squashing killer plants and jumping over rolling boulders , making it to level four monster mountain when she heard the unmistakably high - pitched mickey mouse voice saying oh boy !
they d added a prismed atrium to the outside of the building and potted , lush tropical plants awaited her when she pushed through the doorway .
all the while he glanced all around him to try to find any other sign of life besides the plants and the river .
lush , potted tropical plants occupied the corners .
but what they intend to do with earth , they intend to use the planet as the factory which means every life form , plants and animals and microorganisms will be destroyed and broken down to non - life state .
it was growing as dale watched , becoming a line of pod like objects and then those pods became rings and those rings became biomes and in those biomes were houses and streets and cars and plants .
a few plants were suspended at the center , twisting and weaving around themselves and their planter , but nothing else .
dale 's eyes were glued to the microscopic trees and plants that had taken root in the station 's inhabitant 's neighborhoods and fields .
people of every shape , size , and species scurried back and forth and plants upon plants grew up every wall and down every hallway .
people of every shape , size , and species scurried back and forth and plants upon plants grew up every wall and down every hallway .
why so many plants ?
also , if the rest of the planet went kablooey , we would have enough high - oxygen producing plants to keep everyone alive in this building indefinitely .
provided , of course , that we took care of the plants .
we study plants and geologic formations from our respective eras in order to learn more about how different planets evolved or were created .
she stepped over logs on the ground , crushed smaller plants as she stomped them down , and got whacked in the face by trees that seemed to want to destroy her .
` ` it 's the smell of the plant , the vine .
i can teach you about plants and gardening and you can help me learn to run without falling . ''
i still have plenty of plants to harvest seeds from this fall .
` ` i ' m going to teach you how to search for all kinds of wild plant life we can eat .
` ` we can teach each other about wild edible plants and you can teach me how to fish . ''
by treaty it is illegal to visit or transport things to and from java to or from any nation on fear of the deadly plant life spreading and possible taking over all of quoit .
we have a food processing center , but my people have long grown tired of organic plants filling their stomachs , he added .
` ` it 's purple , '' jimmy noticed , ` ` just like the bean plant . ''
` ` yes '' , sarah nodded , ` ` it is purple , but it 's not like the bean plant . ''
` ` yes , there are two more beings in direct symbiotic relationship with you : my cat solomon and a bean plant , '' answered sarah .
bean is a plant . ''
sarah graciously introduced the purring feline and tried to picture the purple bean plant as clearly as her mind allowed it .
as she walked eagerly from one lot to another , sarah noticed the plants transformed themselves in response to the different conditions of terra two , they were n't radically different from the species they had brought from earth but the redhead 's endless dedication saw the little changes - a bluish hue in the green of the foliage , due to the lightness of the soil , the stronger ridges on the stems of herbaceous plants , developed to better support their much larger size , the completely new cultivars that emerged on their own , perfectly adapted to the climate of terra two .
as she walked eagerly from one lot to another , sarah noticed the plants transformed themselves in response to the different conditions of terra two , they were n't radically different from the species they had brought from earth but the redhead 's endless dedication saw the little changes - a bluish hue in the green of the foliage , due to the lightness of the soil , the stronger ridges on the stems of herbaceous plants , developed to better support their much larger size , the completely new cultivars that emerged on their own , perfectly adapted to the climate of terra two .
the purple bean plant had grown significantly over two hundred years into a strange local tree of life , it grew aerial roots that made it look like a small forest full of birds and small creatures of the fields who found sanctuary from the cats in its branches .
the contrast between the luscious green of the tropical plants and the burnt sienna of the planet 's soil made everything look so healthy and vibrant that sarah often wondered if the genetic modifications alone enabled their extensive lifespan or the planet itself had something to do with it .
sys thought , watching her mother fluff up the dirt around the roots of an aloe vera plant .
were you talking about me or the plant ? ''
the indigenous vegetation was twisted and bristly , true to the arid environment , with grayish - blue grass and oma plants , so fluffy and colorful they could be mistaken for truffula trees .
` ` it looks like our counterparts got all the perks : breathable air , drinkable water , edible plants , no osmosis pumps ... '' sarah enumerated .
she did n't inhabit a space , she filled it and imparted it with her personality the way a lake creates a microclimate for water plants in the middle of a forest .
` ` can you check the composition of the local plants ? ''
the plant structure was a little different , the cells were much larger and had thicker linings than sarah was used to seeing , but the chemical make - up was almost identical with that of the plant life on terra two .
the plant structure was a little different , the cells were much larger and had thicker linings than sarah was used to seeing , but the chemical make - up was almost identical with that of the plant life on terra two .
` ` we can bring back plants too , you know ?
they set up the communication systems , the portals to terra two , earth and the deep space station , gathered plant , soil and water samples , took plenty of pictures with the oma trees , the lakes and the dragons , planned their next visit and were eager to leave .
` ` a globe shaped terrarium with miniature terra two plants , '' she said .
in the middle of the lilliputian landscape a minute graft of the bean plant flourished , half green , half purple , just like the original .
the children had never seen a wilderness like this , born as they were in a world made by hand , a place designed from the bare ground and filled with plants and animals brought from earth .
every so often the plant grew a spiky thorn on the strand , thorn which was really hard to discern by just looking at them but was immediately made evident to the skin if one had the misfortune to brush against it .
the vegetation was all the same , as if sola had been too lazy to evolve its plant life .
it waved across the landscape in one sweeping motion and settled down a few hundred feet away where the ' plants ' extended their tap roots into the ground and unfurled their sharp edged fringes as if the move never happened at all .
` ` i guess we can safely assume the bristle is not a plant , '' lily hesitantly replied .
they looked so innocently plant like that she paused for a second to wonder if they have n't been subjected to a group hallucination but the proof was right in front of her eyes or rather missing from underneath her feet .
anyway , after she contemplated the fact that the ' plants ' she had brought to acclimate on terra two were most likely already migrating , and that between the fragrant cats , the jumping rocks , the children 's experiments with the landscape and the talking ocean there was only so much weirdness a visitor could take she sorrowfully left the treasure trove of exobiology on sola and went back home to put together a tourist orientation program before somebody got shaken out of their sanity by eerie events .
sarah 's endless patience was severely tried when every experiment in her chemistry lab turned to stringy confetti and every plant in the biology lab blossomed doodles and twirls .
sarah and mary francis were seated at the long wooden table , their backs to the door , laying down medicinal plants to dry on large mesh frames .
she led the way through the crowd to where miss talbot was playing the wall flower near a potted plant .
the crisp leaves of a bunch of plants he could nt identify ( because he did not know that sort of thing ) reflected back the light from the lamp atop his makeshift cardboard dresser as though it had been a roaring blaze in a fireplace .
yesa biologist who works with plants .
you re the guy who makes sure all these cocaine plants grow up nice and healthy .
countless species of plants and animals have disappeared .
( rough estimates range from 25 to 40 % of all terrestrial species ) entire ecosystems have been obliterated and replaced with monocultureshardy but unvarying landscapes in which the complex web of life has been sadly reduced to a shadow of itself , with only a handful of plant and animal species .
charles then flew into the air at great speed and went to a further part of the planet that was filled with plant life .
he softly knelt down and toughed the ground with his hand , the blue ring formed around his arm and restored the green earth , the trees and plant life , lakes , even the animals .
he walked through his new front yard that was full of plant life , beautiful flowers planted in the front of the house that ranged in many different colors .
maybe she s a plant , he suggested .
and if so , does that mean you re a plant too .
i can assure you i am not a plant .
you were right , this plant is remarkably free of epiphytes . ''
no doubt the alarm was yet another plant making a fruitless effort to encroach upon alchemistica 's base .
to prevent the worst from happening , the fusion plant also charged an electric grid placed around the border of the underlying slab , a grid which attempted to keep out the voracious plant life on gondwana .
` ` blagging plants , '' juls swore as he held his leg .
` ` the plants have started growing thicker vines .
then , somehow , a vine from a plant on the other side snuck up behind juls . ''
` ` blagging plants , '' juls repeated , wincing as lani pried the fabric from his pants out of the raw wounds on his legs .
a lot of plants can communicate with chemicals .
yesterday she had alfie synthesize enough of the molecule to run against the usual accelerated test modulesthe ones for human tissue , vegetative pests , and mammalian diseasesbut the molecule 's corkscrew proved too regular , there were no protrusions to latch onto any human hormones or mammalian or plant receptors .
each plant species seemed to emit a unique combination of esters .
in a couple of cases , they had ended up analyzing samples that looked different , but had turned out to be from different life stages or merely from a different plant of the same species , the esters differing only slightly .
lani shrugged ; maybe the different esters were a form of i d for the plants .
she imagined a plant sending up shoots next to another one and squirting a bunch of esters out to introduce itself .
` ` could you get me a sample from the plant that got juls ? ''
we already sampled that plant .
the plant 's shoots lay on the ground until disturbed by footsteps or heat , they were not sure , when they whipped up and impaled whatever had disturbed them .
` ` several chemicals have changed in frequency , mostly those related to composition of the plant 's cellular walls , you know , increasing the thickness of the tendrils through enhanced polymerization of some of the esters .
` ` it is not unusual that plants respond to our pharma prospecting .
science has long known that plants are able to communicate after a fashion , but they do not actively plot against us .
i am afraid chen , juls , bax , and the others have a tendency to personify what they observe in the plants .
candece and karl had run across several related species of plants along an upland bluff .
that stymied the aggressive plants for the time being .
however , that meant the grid would not have any juice to discourage the plants that lurked along the edges of the base .
it had to be with all the unknowns on an alien planet , a much more hostile environment than shipboard , in some ways , and gondwana seemed more hostile than most , with unknown plants and unknown chemicals , as lani was well aware of from ` ` autodoc ?
` ` well , the plants , the redvines especially , have gotten a lot higher levels of certain chemicals , that 's what bax got in trouble for getting me a sample to analyze .
the ester - like compounds were sky - high , so i looked it up and the plants use it for a lot of things , including communication , you know , airborne chemicals , volatiles .
it would explain the lack of plants , '' juls tipped the flitter so lani could see the brown , glassy outcropping better .
` ` it takes the plants a while to react to our presence .
on a more settled world , they would be talking to the local residents to identify plants they used for medicinal or agricultural purposes .
here , they had to look for signs in the environment itself , such as plants with a cleared space around themevidence of possible allelopathic chemicals that had killed off their competitors .
lani had alfie draw in a few deep breaths to analyze the general volatiles of the site , then brought him over , shortened his legs , and set him next to a plant that juls was ready to dig up .
` ` well , when most people think of plant communication '' ` ` if they do at all , '' bax interrupted .
most people think of plants communicating by releasing volatiles , chemicals to be spread by air .
i think the additional energy in the sunlight means the plants can outcompete most animals . ''
i wonder if some of our activities caused the plants to call them in , '' lani shook her head .
` ` anyway , electrical signals would be a much more efficient way for plants to communicate .
` ` or it could be a defense mechanism by a single plant , '' juls volunteered .
there were at least a dozen volatiles used by different plant species that indicated that they were being harmed .
the same plant even released different compounds depending on whether its roots were being disturbed by juls digging it up or stems being broken by bax snipping samples or even leaves being cut by lani , imitating a hungry insect .
she wondered if her theory about the higher insolation giving plants the advantage was true .
the volatiles did seem to affect neighboring plants .
surprisingly , a neighboring plant of a different species responded to the same stimulus by exuding a sticky sap .
however , there were a number of compounds similar to those found as ' alarm ' signals in their sampled plants from misty mountain .
she noted that the concentrations of the alarm analogs that the plants were emitting around the base were on average ten times higher than at their misty mountain sampling location .
the plants were definitely broadcasting their distress .
they would likely be smothered by plants , degrading the signal , but that was okay , she did not need them to broadcast from much further away then the edge of the slab .
bax successfully placed the five results of that project around the perimeter of the slab without serious injury to humans or plants .
also , soren caught a few darts launched from some new sort of plant . ''
` ` maybe the shielding had some sort of mineral the plants wanted , '' lani said .
chapter 6 lani tried to focus on a lichen - like plant brought in by bax and juls .
they had found it growing amidst a bunch of much larger and more vigorous plants .
unfortunately , the electrical signals picked up by the probes seemed minor ones controlling how the individual plant responded to environmental stimuli , such as turning to track the sun .
it looked like a few other types of plants were joining in , among them the wicked spike snares .
she saw the humans had beaten off the plants and were turning to wrestle mumson back towards the other hatch .
the plants went around bax and snaked towards the others .
the plants withdrew , allowing the others to grab kiet and drag him up onto the slab after them .
bax played rear guard , spraying any plants that ventured close .
none of them were willing to bury kiet out among the plants .
sure , the alarm volatiles had gone through the roof , but it still should have taken the plants some time to respond , especially if the wind was blowing away from them .
` ` anyway , i noticed the plants seemed to release one suite of volatiles , signaling the alarm , when they 're disturbed .
` ` i am worried that if we use too much all - clear , the plants will get used to it , and it will stop having an effect . ''
what did mumson do to attract the attention of the plants ?
so i asked myself , why did all those different species of plants respond so quickly ? ''
anyway , the volatiles peaked , but they could n't be the reason the plants reacted that quickly , at least not all of them .
` ` so , all i have to do is switch it on and it will repel plants , even if it is windy ? ''
i ' ve tested it on the plants we ' ve got growing in the greenhouse . ''
she waved towards one of those plants , a small ivy - like species still sitting on her lab bench .
` ` lani 's patented plant repeller , i like it ! ''
eden had the most diverse bunch of plants they had found yet on gondwana , an incredibly entangled mass of vegetation .
she yawned as she picked up the prototype for their plant repeller and idly turned it on , waving it over the small ivy sitting next to it .
on again and another wave over the plant .
the plant reached towards it again .
what if it was n't the electrical field that the plants reacted to after all ?
the repeller does n't work , it was n't the electrical field after all , i blew it , it attracts plants , i blagged up , if i had just , you ' ve got to call them , call bax , tell him not to use '' ` ` zach , you heard ?
the plants are so thick that they seem to be interfering with the signal .
` ` no answer , but i know which way hewhat the hell are those plants doing ?
it did n't help matters that the four monitors , the ones that are still working , that bax installed around the base ; those monitors showed the plant potentials picked up during that last incident with mumson . ''
` ` what did n't penetrate my thick skull was that those monitors are observing individual plants .
the electrical potentials are present as ions in the plant fluids , like the , whatyoucallitphloem .
i should have realized plants do n't routinely swap sap , '' lani shook her head .
` ` the plants are communicating with sound , are n't they ? ''
sound is n't dependent on wind , messages can be transferred from plant to plant , and , best of all , the lower range of acoustics from mumson 's grinder is within the range used by plants for communication .
sound is n't dependent on wind , messages can be transferred from plant to plant , and , best of all , the lower range of acoustics from mumson 's grinder is within the range used by plants for communication .
` ` you 're saying the plants are talking with each other ?
maybe have someone go outside and do a few things to the plants .
i gather that one of the reasons team 2 , bax and juls , are still around is that the plants in their sampling spot , in eden , had not been sensitized to us , yet .
i am willing to have the techs set out microphones and provoke the plants , but i want them to do it somewhere with virgin plants . ''
i am willing to have the techs set out microphones and provoke the plants , but i want them to do it somewhere with virgin plants . ''
and to make sure you actually sleep , i am sending that horny boyfriend of yours off first thing to someplace safe to start talking to the plants . ''
all of the field techs who went out for their ` ` plant torture '' sessions , as juls put it , were armed with a canister of lani 's proven all - clear compound , but no electronic plant repellers .
all of the field techs who went out for their ` ` plant torture '' sessions , as juls put it , were armed with a canister of lani 's proven all - clear compound , but no electronic plant repellers .
each team visited several different locations , where they cut , dug up , burned , froze , and otherwise molested the plants while recording any sounds the plants made in protest .
each team visited several different locations , where they cut , dug up , burned , froze , and otherwise molested the plants while recording any sounds the plants made in protest .
` ` now on to the less - important things that keep interrupting , like the plant torture sessions .
after a while i felt the plants were whispering , plotting against us . ''
how can you even say that after i nearly killed you and juls with that dumb plant repeller idea and then run away and hide ? ''
soren had the first watch , followed by candece , then karl , but they were all on edge , fearing another plant invasion .
she listened to lani explain that producing all those volatiles was expensive metabolically speaking , that the plants surrounding the base had to be calling someone or something important , that the sentinels , the stumps , were the most logical suspects .
` ` it makes the plants sound like they have intelligence . ''
let 's say i put that in my official report to alchemistica , that there is intelligent plant life , intelligent alien plant life , on gondwana .
let 's say i put that in my official report to alchemistica , that there is intelligent plant life , intelligent alien plant life , on gondwana .
too busy hiding from the plant boogeymen , '' she told chen , who tried to shush her .
she was afraid it was only going to get worse , since the professor had just informed her that emma would be doing all the pharmaceutical testing so lani and zach could concentrate on plant communication .
there 's definitely a pattern , but what kind of words do plants use ?
nobody is out there torturing the plants next to the base , '' the geek 's tone dripped with sarcasm .
think like a plant , my redheaded goddess .
outside of someone torturing it , what is a plant going to talk about ?
by suppertime , hoover and the geek had built up a good - sized plant vocabulary .
it appeared the plants had plenty of experience with bad dates .
by varying frequency and duration , the plants could describe typical environmental conditions that they encountered .
the geek even had soren go out and spray some plants with water to record their signals .
with kiet dead and lani working on the plant communication problem , emma finally had to work a full shift and more at the insistence of professor jonze .
most of the plant communication is at frequencies at the bottom end of human hearing or less .
she thought she was right about the plants , at least this time .
no wonder the plants had been attracted to mumson and his power tools .
the bases of the large leaves converged into a single branch , leading back to the sentinel , and , remarkably , the whole branch was clear of vines or other plants that might have shaded it .
look , it even has its own plant repellent . ''
they kept a close watch , but nothing seemed to be happening with the plants .
the up - close data from all of lani 's various recorders had filled in some key areas in hoover 's attempts at formulating a plant language syntax .
from the cameras , we ca n't see any obvious growth on the roof , so we 're wondering if some of your plants have managed to sneak some tendrils up through the slab along the walls . ''
there was a stirring among the plants closest to the flames .
they hate us , the plants hate us , they 're plotting against us , ca n't you see it ?
the plants , the signals , they 're going crazy !
it was going to be a race between the humans and the plants .
the plants were sensitive to sound .
at least if the plants went after the flitter they wouldn'thold it !
they must have thought the plants had attacked .
the plants had only gone after the flitter .
she could see a river of plants flowing across the slab towards the building .
the far end of the building had been blown open ; there was nothing to keep plants from coming in from that direction after the flames from the flitter bay died down .
lani looked at the readout on the monitor , hoover was still pumping the all - clear mixture out , but the plants must have gotten used to it or maybe the updraft from the fires orshe caught herself rocking back and forth .
correct syntax be damned , if she could just scream loud enough in the infrasound range , maybe , just maybe the plants would recognize her as intelligent life .
the plant 's segmented green stems hanging down bore a resemblance to an earth crustacean , hence it 's common name of crab cactus .
the plant was a hardy one and helped cleanse the airof some things better than others .
the ai 's core memory was overrun by plant roots , leaching acid .
worse , seated across from her was what looked like a parody of a human male , made entirely out of plant material .
then that bit about sentinels , some type of plant men .
i found it interesting that the plants breached the control room only through the hatch . ''
` ` true , but how did the plants get the hatch open ?
she only has to open her mouth about the intelligent plant men on gondwana for all hell to break loose with the church .
time to learn there was more to the world than trees and animals that could be hunted and animals that would hunt you , plants you could eat and plants you could not .
time to learn there was more to the world than trees and animals that could be hunted and animals that would hunt you , plants you could eat and plants you could not .
plants and trees grew in abundance .
you would nt have to try work out how a stream or wind or sun or a particular type of rock or plant could have gotten itself into a human shape .
it was then that she realised they were walking from beneath the city , around the side ( buildings and plants grew on the sides as they did the bottom and top ) to above .
a woman , a valkar , came towards them from between the plants and greenery .
rivers and air and clouds and moons and plants and suns but nothing like this creature .
hmm , do the valkar know of any other plants that grow in caves ?
soon she held a small plant in her hand , vines and leaves spilling over her hand .
little white rose buds began to sprout from the plant .
but she stepped forward anyway and gently began untangling the plants from riley .
well , she was gentle with the plants , not so with riley .
adila usually does that , she s not so good at talking to plants .
not plants .
she followed me for miles and miles , under crowded trees , through thick brush , past poisonous plants , and over gopher holes in the ground .
just go pack up some food , plants , and get lucy .
some buildings had grown over the park , blocking the sun and poisoning the air , so that a complicated greenhouse dome was necessary to keep the trees and plants breathing .
there were the furless rorkes who , like the barrel midges , inadvertently aided plant propagation by littering the preserve with a dandruff of grass seeds and pollen grains .
for half an hour , bledsoe sniped the plants and flowers around wren .
what about the plants ?
trees , shrubs , and plants devoured nearly every inch of soil and air .
the plants and trees are all tinged with orange .
a goblin head pops up behind a plant slightly to the right of where i d fired the lightning .
the head disappears again behind the plant , but i m ready .
i aim directly at the center of the plant and fire .
a sharp steel spike about 10 cm long appears from the end of my spellshooter and flies true at the center of the plant .
the spike flies into the plant , silencing the scream .
i m scanning the left when i see a hand reach up from behind another plant and grab the wall of the building .
half of medicine is alchemical and uses ointments , potions , and other means of transferring the healing properties of plants and animals to the patient .
a place where he could live out his days in freedom , plant and grow his own food , and spend the rest of his life alone , but free .
no flowers or plants adorn its grounds , just weathered gravestones on grassy mounds , nettles and brambles tied in tangles with glittering webs in all the angles , and beyond the bare - boughed silver birch an ornate and ancient gothic church .
and when bigger ones do strike the earth , erosion from wind and rain along with plant life gradually wear down and hide the crater .
` ` we ' ve figured out how to make basic genetic changes to some plant and animal species , but the procedure must be done to the first cell so the dna change gets propagated to the entire organism as the cells divide . ''
` ` we ' ve noticed you grow your own food using native plants .
some of those plants feed animals you also consume .
the food humans eat here on earth is solar energy that plants convert into sugars and other nutrients .
the plants also contain other chemicals and minerals humans consume .
humans consume the results of passively collected solar energy in plants , and the omanji consume fusion energy that 's actively created .
before we built our colony here on new oma , we closely studied all plants and animals .
the tallest plant species are about 40 meters tall compared to the redwoods on earth which are over 100 meters tall .
are those plants ?
` ` some plants on oma are dark in color to maximize the absorption of energy from the red and infrared part of the spectrum .
our plants produce sugars differently because earth photosynthesis with chlorophyll works poorly on oma except on the equator .
` ` many poisonous plants grow on oma .
the population dropped from 75 million to five million because of new ingenious chemical weapons devised from poisonous plants .
she does so because she knows that her abilities are essential to keep the plants alive that keep the colonists alive and that will be the basis for their survival once they have reached their destination .
soon the plants begin to shrivel and die .
starvation is imminent , not to mention that the plants provide essential oxygen .
i 'd make sure that those carefully selected plants would do what they were supposed to do .
he looked around again , at the plants all over the place .
` ` are n't there enough plants outside ? ''
` ` i like plants .
cullen vail clearly did not have a green thumb , which was good because most of the plants in the apartment were experimental in nature .
eyebrows raised , body hunched for protection from killer plants , nostrils flared because what he truly wanted was out of there and he planned on going as soon as he could figure out a way .
seems there 's some concern about the plants not producing as well as expected . ''
so i knew that the plants in that greenhouse were in trouble and that trouble was worse than wilkes zander had intimated .
i cried privately for the plants that were struggling in this alien environment but there was nothing i could do .
they were fine and once i was back home in new rochelle i 'd try to figure out a way to help the poor plants in the greenhouses without appearing to do so .
the head grower left us alone as cullen half - dragged me between the rows of tables to still a third greenhouse filled with tomato plants .
` ` the plants are n't as healthy as they should be . ''
the plants keep us alive .
i promised that fake dirt that i 'd figure out what was wrong with the plants in the greenhouses and i 'd fix it .
during her visits she 'd developed an interest in the potted plants all over my place .
` ` and the plants .
when the crops fail , when the plants die , when there is n't enough food . ''
like dying plants .
alicia tenderly held a wilted plant .
it would n't be as far gone as many of the plants on the destiny .
then they 'd showed me how to win arguments with plants and ever since i ' ve been pretty good at it , even the ones with thorns .
i told you that i ' m good with plants .
he returned half an hour later carrying a half - dead tomato plant .
our eyes met briefly over the plant , remembering our time there , and then slid away as he stuck it towards me .
i touched the tomato plant gently .
cullen did n't know about plants and he 'd been angry when he chose it so it hurt and i felt its pain .
he waited , managing to stare holes through my body even while he stared at the tomato plant that responded faster than i 'd thought .
as each thing happened i felt it in the way that i always feel what 's happening with plants .
i looked at cullen and smiled even more because he was staring at the tomato plant as if waiting for it to bite him .
there 's no other tomato plant to replace the sick one with .
there 's not a single healthy tomato plant on the destiny so i know you could n't trick me . ''
but nothing should go dormant on the destiny because every living plant had been programmed to be continuously verdant .
` ` the cherry tree and the tomato plant were n't flukes . ''
here and there small pockets of healthy plants stood out against the drab , gray - green of the remaining cropland .
by the time i was too tired to help even one more plant , numerous areas of healthy cropland dotted the landscape .
my plants were all there , healthy and glowing and glad i was back .
` ` unlike every other plant on the destiny , these are healthy . ''
the plants understood , they quieted down .
in the morning , as soon as i awoke i visited all of my plants , not just the rose bush .
` ` you do n't like plants ? ''
not many plants around . ''
with the plants healthy , he was no longer unapproachable .
` ` the greenhouses are full of dead and dying plants . ''
` ` she brought a sick tomato plant back to health in front of my eyes .
` ` do you have any sick plants ? ''
` ` that 's one plant .
it 's full of sick plants . ''
but , as the head grower pointed out , though the plants in the greenhouse were still sickly , the rest of the crops on the destiny were vibrant and so heavy with abundance that the workers were having a hard time keeping up .
they told us we 'd be disappointed because they 'd been too busy outside the greenhouses to attend to the plants inside .
soon we were back in the tomato house where cullen once got his uniform wet and where he 'd found a sickly plant for me to revive .
my heart sank as i surveyed the dead and dying plants .
the captain stopped as he took in the state of the plants and sort of caught his breath .
he picked up a small plant that was n't as bad as most .
it was a nice plant , one of several hybrids the scientists had been working on .
when i opened my eyes the plant was healthy again and there were several tiny , green tomatoes along the branches .
` ` this plant is a new kind .
he put the tomato plant back and led the way to the other greenhouses .
in each place , i brought one or more plants back to health .
the noise drives me crazy not to mention that there 's a dearth of plants here . ''
` ` there are plants in center city . ''
the first thought i had the next morning as i uncoupled myself from that pillow and cuddled braveheart until he butted me with his head and left my bedroom was that cullen would make some lucky woman a wonderful housewife , a thought i 'd had every morning during the time when i 'd done my thing with the plants on the destiny and come home exhausted each night .
` ` the plants are healthy , the crisis is past .
ceres got that reputation because she knew plants .
at night , when that faux sun went dark , grow lights would switch on so the plants could grow continuously .
i touched the gauzy , green filament of a climbing bean plant and felt its satisfaction .
the plants on the destiny were making the transition nicely from earth to space .
we were in the bowels of the greenhouse complex , passing through one building with no growing plants in it but boxes and barrels of what looked like chemicals .
` ` when everything started dying , no one knew what to do but we knew the life of every person on board was endangered if we could n't come up with a way of keeping the plants alive .
plants ca n't move , of course , but their branches bend and sway .
even thought that was n't his job today he could n't ignore plants that needed help .
the greenhouses depended mostly on grow lights spaced throughout the various buildings so as to provide perfect conditions for plants with differing light requirements .
the plants would help .
there were no plants in the room .
it arced high in the air but i was running full out and it fell behind me as i reached the door to the next greenhouse , one filled with plants .
the plants did what they could .
smoke roiled around me and that was one thing the plants could n't help with .
i finally got my wits about me and asked the plants for direction , something i 'd not thought to do while running for my life .
the plants spoke .
pure , fresh air made by the plants that made up the farm that was the spaceship destiny as i explained to cullen what had just happened and who the men were who 'd set the greenhouses on fire .
the plants did it . ''
of the plants that had died and the other plants that were now thriving .
of the plants that had died and the other plants that were now thriving .
of the people those plants were keeping alive .
and in their spare time , they 'll work their asses off doing whatever chores constance reiwer can find for them so seeds of the kinds of plants they destroyed can be planted and grown .
no seeds from plants that had been burned to a crisp could possibly be viable .
` ` people do n't take kindly to anyone who can talk to plants . ''
they 'll keep the plants alive that will keep the colony alive until it encompasses an entire planet that i might never know but that they will know intimately because it 'll be their home . ''
josh said , ` ` maybe we could get some plants for the conservatory .
lemmy said , ` ` do n't forget those plants . ''
` ` i do , but i 'd like to see what that conservatory would look like with some growing plants . ''
dust , rocks , plants and debris swirled in the rooster tail that trailed the ship .
haze from the smoke of different types of pipes , narcotic cylinders and other tightly rolled bundles of cured plant leaves drifted through the open room , obscuring his vision .
the meal continued with a root plant that took the shape of a fractal , colors breaking all over its surface and spreading across tiny points , giving alan the impression that he was eating glass .
they moved on to the final course of the meal , a clear jelly that was suffused with the essence of a plant alan could n't pronounce .
one day , ong had found an old projector , a catalog of the different plants and animals of the empire 's worlds .
but when ashra saw a hologram of a plant that looked like the one that grew on her island in the empyrean , and she had to know where it came from .
she never learned the name of the plant that grew on her island .
relentless vendors held up trinkets along with the dried husks of animals and plants .
< just a piece of you , so you can feel the flow of the planet , the animals and the plants , and preserve the balance we have had with nature .
the black hole diminished as the plant grew larger , the hole 's darkness absorbed into its roots .
her ability with plants extends to her own being , and with the right guidance , she can be immortal .
we keep it at a pretty warm temperature for the plants .
a wooden fence obstructs any view from the neighboring yards but has provided an exemplary backdrop for the mob of diverse plants that have taken over the yard .
we watch spartacus chase lizards from under potted plants as we share some wine and a dish of enchiladas francesca made .
he placed some freshly picked mint into the pot , which he stripped from a small rather fragile looking pot plant , who sat whitening away in the sun deprived shadows of his dusty window sill .
the old warehouse of new brown paint is eighteen stories tall with a front porch , three cold star ships , several nice living quarters , and an array of potted plants from my gardens .
planet ice is going to be annihilated with a maser blast , millions of citizen , animal , plant , and insect life forms blown away in two seconds .
big - big eats plants .
it lifted its huge head , and seemed to stare directly towards them as it chewed the plants it had brought with it to the surface .
and i will show you herb lore and all the healing properties of the many plants you will find on your quest , spoke sally in turn .
she would show her how to prepare meat stored up from summer and what each plant and herb was used for .
sally had given her a small amount of a plant that she 'd bought from a passing trader in greenmark .
that 's where these plants came from .
the land still tries to swallow it whole , hence the plants and trees , but they 'll never pull those buildings down .
trees and plants had tried to sprout up through gaps but none of them could move or break the stuff .
if we can identify a species of plant or animal , we do nt have to research its properties .
he recognized some plants from earth , but many were new to him .
teams will turn the soil for planting and potatoes will be cut into sections for planting ( it is my understanding that there only needs to be one eye on a potato section to grow a new plant ) .
since then they have shut off life support and have made daily excursions outside collecting insect and plant samples .
we have plenty of insect and plant samples .
it looked just like the plants on earth only these were giants in comparison .
` ` the average temperature change is slight in each hemisphere , but it is enough to cause many plants and trees to go dormant for a short time during that point in the cycle . ''
in a wee and hardly furnished room that was loaded with bottled medicine and dried as well as fresh plants on the wooden shelves , jordan helped karl to look for specific medicine , the list of which was set down on a white piece of paper that she held .
charleston said that the cave was a few hundred yards from a spring surrounded by plant life .
a lot more plant life than you d expect to find in a desert , especially one with so much bad water .
how do you think those plants on the walls and overhang stay hydrated ?
the many multicolor plants scaling the wall and overhang did not look like the kind that could survive desert conditions , and there did not seem to be any other water sources above them , so their magnificent state did come off as a mystery .
the plains were slowly regaining their natural plant life .
the genetically modified plants still held dominance , being engineered to withstand anything even decades of neglect and they kept growing , going to seed and starting again .
it was a war on the plant level , humanities creations fighting against nature .
even the plants grew and changed , moved like animals , chasing light and bugs .
i had noticed earlier that the plants were also amazingly resilient , they would get shot and blown apart and you would turn around and all of a sudden that patch of forest would have re - grown .
the plants almost regenerated as quick as we did .
i took a second look around , looking closer at the plants that surrounded the clearing and that s when i saw it .
sunlight streamed through the clouds and glinted off the sheen on the broad leaves and native plants around them .
half of the people at the academy were probably plants .
my friends in the academy , i always knew they were plants .
i see a large assortment of vegetables for the plant eater .
many of the buildings had purpose built balconies , stuffed with plants .
most had little gardens built on flat roofs , with hardy plants that could take a beating from the salty sea winds .
i merely meant one who does not partake of civilisation , or at least , not much ... magen threw up an arm to shield his face , perhaps for this man cutting the plants would be an obscenity .
he gestured at the subsiding embankment across the way and the numerous uprooted and squashed plants .
magen plucked a tiny white flower from a crawling plant growing in the stonework , did you ever grow a plant when you were a kid ?
magen plucked a tiny white flower from a crawling plant growing in the stonework , did you ever grow a plant when you were a kid ?
well if you watched the seed for a morning and you d never seen a plant grow before would you begin to doubt that it would grow ?
prior to the siege slick and curiba might have had doorstep pot plants and hanging baskets ( ludicrous though that might seem in a hot climate such as solara watering every five minutes not only would have been a pain , but terribly wasteful ) to contend with .
servants stood at every corner , ready , and almost seeming to be part of the dcor , like the pot plants , which were also exotic and dotted along the corridors .
ogher roared , seeing the mess of glass , cut flowers and gooey globs of plant nutrient .
i walked over to the bookshelf , moving my attention past the flowerless potted plant and onto the books .
the building lobby felt refreshingly cool and the air smelled clean and floral , causing suella to notice all the potted plants populating the reception areas .
nathan said , when they pushed the dolly through the door and he saw the atrium with all the glass and potted plants .
the receptionist walked away , leaving them to stare at the screen images of cabinets and potted plants in the distance .
years ago shed learned that plant based proteins lacked certain amino acids or minerals , that they were considered incomplete protein .
to revive the plants .
i m quite enthusiastic because we might actually have a chance to walk along earths fields , touch the plants , and breath the air very , very soon .
there are a few black and dead plants scattered around the spots i can see .
i step on a plant to see how it feels like .
the amount of dead plants seem to be increasing and i think i see frost on some now .
the light - gray stalks and stems of the plants around him were alive with springs touch .
the diminutive plants did not stretch out for the sky but limped around the ground .
the few , tall tree - like plants carried the same color as their companions , but had darker bodies .
the dim plant life streamed by , and the growth directly under the car twisted and turned in the artificial wind .
he could see the millions of intricate lines that bounced the light off the dense , queer plants .
his feet brushed against the red plants , making odd scraping noises .
his shoes made loud swishing sounds through the plants at his feet .
they talked about how they had simply woken up on a floor of strange plants on what seemed to be an unknown planet .
the rest was covered largely by the thick red plants .
nate watched as his newly assigned bodyguard assessed the threat level of a row of potted plants , on the other side of the pool .
all he could make out was a line of weird and wonderfully exotic potted plants surrounding the pool area , nothing else .
only when a sudden flicker of light reflected off the pool , did he make out a mysterious figure standing behind the plants .
he had seen that thing on the mans wrist , when the man had looked down at it , like a clamp on a weak tomato plants stem .
he could nt hold her weighty gaze and glanced to the potted plants and herbs at the base of the platform : mint and kale , tomatillos , garlic , lavender and the sage that he mistook as stevia .
she completely forgot about her hands , which hung like wilted plants in need of water .
switching is not sacred muna crouched in a cluster of plants .
but stubborn drops of morning dew stand proudly along the plants , a line of miniature reflections that show grebets and their paddles , squabbling gulls , and two young men in the stern of a boto .
he saw a white - stemmed one with thick green petals , a vine - like plant with purple - y circles joined by stringy fiber the length of an arm , and a hairy yellow star with black polyps .
ravno put down the green - petaled plant and paused .
she stopped on the marked path and lingered near the edge of it where the plants and trees grew uncontrollably .
neglected , flowering stevia plants edged one side of the gardenopposite the well - picked mint stems on the other .
contents like the sun at eight in the morning js bach in venise h5n1 farewell to paradise lane plant no trees in the garden unaccompanied cello the revolt ashtrays and moons a penny from calistro christmas trees at dawn papy on the river at theveterinarian 's waiting for the train sequels the slush machine arthur and jack intruders the full - face silhouette literary exchange witch miraculous encounter books contact like the sun at eight in the morning philip richmond learned what he called the fantastic news in early june .
in mid - september plant lice massively invaded pauls garden .
then he remembered a rose particularly vulnerable to plant lice : the magnificent cascade of zepherine drouhin in the lane that he d once called paradise .
or why not turn the wall into a pleasant vertical garden : plant soapwort , stonecrop , alyssum , harebell , maiden pink , candytuft , aubrietia .
but that would take hundreds of plants .
* * * * plant no trees in the garden one november day , just after he d bedded emily , his wife timidly suggested planting a walnut tree .
they wanted this world - the world of ing - gland and london and germanischia and afrique- they desired this whole realm - so that they might have a beautiful place to live again , trees and plants and animals and oceans and birds and fish .
for instance - strange plants - like mushrooms , but instead of just one top , they have multiple tops ?
i need to feed me for the next year ; ill plant potatoes , onions and carrots , and green beans and peas and pumpkins , red peppers and tomatoes .
the garden has been planted out , and although some of the plants look a little confused , is flourishing .
the model is biometrically linked to the asteroid , so if you look closely you can see how the plants and animals are doing , how much snow is on the mountains and how full the reservoirs are .
the canis leapt past the never - ending trees , evading branches and thornily shrubs and plants like none of the eversors behind were able to accomplish .
yes , while most of the plants had been left just about lifeless and shattered , a few of them were in perfect shape and well - being all in all .
the insect climbs up the stem of a plant and uses its mandibles to secure itself to a leaf vein , with abnormal force , leaving dumbbell - shaped marks on it .
more mycelia then sprout out of the ant , and securely anchor it to the plant substrate while secreting antimicrobials to ward off competition .
she 's got ta be a plant , said jared steele , in an aside to portrero .
spinner 's gown flapped up and down merrily and a lucky kitchen worker with a stealth vid - cam ( a plant from the daily squeeler ) made damn sure that everybody in the world got a good look at the senator 's naked fanny and mongoose tattoo .
if those people continued that way they would crawl up a hill , cross a wide dead - end four lane street bisected by a median filled with cut hedges and palms and other flowering tropical plants .
she looked up from her plants , gave me a brief pained smile and said , hello , professor , and went back to the plants for a few seconds .
to one side of the picture window she had a miniature jungle of tropical plants in gay enameled pots .
after a while ( in her living room ) i began wandering around , examining the goldfish goggling magnified in his bowl , the potted plants , the imitation scandinavian furniture , the reproductions of harmonious bouquets and landscapes on the pastel walls .
if anyone else phoned i should say i was the neighbor watering her plants .
remember , i was the neighbor who watered her plants .
the plants ?
i said i d watered her plants , the hydrangeas twice , and fed oscar from the yellow box , and that everything was all right except that , coming back an hour ago , i d seen the police investigating a house in the neighborhood that had been broken into and i d thought : what would i do if it happened here and i saw a burglar or two burglars in the house , what would i do , beth ?
i was watering mrs andersons plants .
you d better be back by june sixth if you care more for your plants and your fish than you do for your sister and me .
i fed oscar , watered the plants .
now inside , nearly invisible , crouched beneath the sill , her exotic plants out of harms way , he pulls the cables in hand over hand .
i water mrs andersons plants .
until things got crazily out of control he d faithfully followed her instructions regarding the plants and the goldfish .
she says , oh , she still gardens , small - scale , raises miniature plants in big corked bottles with cute tiny tools .
there were some blue plastic chairs under the photos , and a yellow plant in a large pot in the corner .
different animals , different plants .
then help me pick a couple more of handfuls of the root , but only pick one or two from each plant so it does nt die , aria cautioned .
after infection by the fungus , the ant leaves its colony , and carries the fungus to the forest floor where it searches for a suitable plant which the ant bites onto .
after permanently attaching itself to the plant , the fungus kills the ant , consumes its body , and then sends up a spore shoot to start the whole cycle over .
with this much plant life , there s bound to be game .
the land is still largely scrub - desert , though taller plants grow here and there .
through the spyglass , i watch the roamer rip a plant out of the ground .
the plant goes into its mouth .
i ve bagged a single tan desert rat and some edible plants by the time the sun is closing on the horizon .
at this point neither of us much care , and there s a good amount of old wood and dead plants available .
strangely , the shrubs , trees and other plant - life taper out until becoming noticeably absent toward the cliff .
why were there no plants back there ?
wade conceals the vehicle with some shrubs and other plants and leads us into the cave .
seen some eat plants , garbage , animals , so on .
it has genetically modified plants , grows all kinds of things , feeds far more than it should .
animals and plants are his thing .
one of eduards arms is outstretched and holding onto a plant to keep them grounded .
the roof was flat and wide , with a few plant pots dotted around .
diminutive in size and population compared to the other animals and plant species , man 's ancestors had discovered how to shift the source out of the same primal need to survive .
chimneys sprouted from each complex like wicked plants .
countless generations of shifters honed their craft on the convolution of sub - branch , stem , leaf and plant life .
at first one or two stray plants but within in minutes of spotting the first a quilt of violet , pink and yellow petals covered both sides of the worn path .
the abundant conditions provided plenty of fresh water to support human , plant and other animal life alike .
but the mild temperatures , abundant game and edible plants made the location ideal for growth .
edged as it was today by a root - mountain range , forests covered the land , teeming with a huge variety of tree species and plant and animal life .
a place she fondly reminded him was an arboretum full of antium 's rarest species of tree , bush and plant .
as she stood up and wiped her forehead with the back of her worn glove , she turned to study a set of tall plants to her left .
he sighed with delight , louder than he had intended , breaking her concentration on the plants .
` ` come help me pot this , '' she said , grasping the tall branches of one of the plants near its top .
heavier than he anticipated , his under shirt was more brown than white by the time they lifted the plant and placed it in the large , clay pot next to her cart .
` ` it accounts for half the surface area of the region and 80 % of the plant varieties .
unlike now , the forest teamed with a diversity of animal and plant life , some he recognized from the provider , others alien .
lives were short , and all ended with a violent death , a continual fight to escape from flesh eating plants or demonic beasts .
the sarumese roofs were peaked with a gentle slope and were normally covered with plants such as grass and vines .
they stood like a mountain and the region within the diameter of their shadows had very few large plants that required lots of metildas energy for growing .
the middle of this circle also had very few large plants so the sarumese had built houses and important governmental buildings one after another over a long period of time , which later became the capital of sarum .
it listed various types of poisons as well as how to extract them from poisonous plants and insects .
in these green rings of plant life are the green zones , used for hydroponics , were several pants are grown to allow fresh vegetables in the station .
critias could not make out their plant species , but rightly assumed they were cultivated crops .
critias closely examined the wall before them and saw that in places that there were metal bars behind the plants .
it was difficult just to walk the narrow paths without them disturbing any of the plants .
she smirked at the notion , i could read his lips i suppose , if you watered him like a plant for a while .
saint breddis gosch was able to keep from poisoning himself too badly while collecting and examining samples of the local plant life .
the dome ceiling had patterns of plant life , mostly flowers , carved in relief all over it .
what he saw now on this new building was the uprooting of healthy plants for the sake of decoration when local or newly grown flowers , ferns , or other fast - growing plant - life would suffice .
what he saw now on this new building was the uprooting of healthy plants for the sake of decoration when local or newly grown flowers , ferns , or other fast - growing plant - life would suffice .
the one in charge , i never overheard her name , seemed to really love caring for all the plants .
the vines were the only new plants .
just as the two ragged people were inching closer together for safety and were only a couple meters apart , the pebble hit a tree , loud enough to grab the foes attention , and they both opened fire toward where they heard the sound , pelting plant life with bullets .
a third burst of gunfire came closer than ever , making her slip as she took a turn around a pair of trees too tightly , but the plant saved her some dull whacks and cracks were bark being torn apart instead of her .
she passed the sand mound in the middle of the water that the trunk was stuck on , desperate not to lose her footing on the softened , moist bark , and reached the shattered part of the big dead plant that looked to have taken the lightning strike .
once life emerges , evolutionary processes will eventually lead to development of a life form equipped w tion in the habitat ; especially the water plants that grow in the lakes .
there , he slithered along like an eel among the water plants , hoping they were deep enough to hide their heat signature from piers .
soon they were traveling down a new set of rusted rails , overgrown with numerous plants and even small trees which had forced a way up between the sleepers .
he thinks he is talking to a plant !
did you get all that information from a cactus plant on maindample station ?
myriads of small winged beings flitted around the hillside , busily tending to plants .
the plant retains a memory of recent past events .
the weeds rose above everyone in the party as they wended a circuitous path the houses on either side were partially obscured by unkempt gardens which had become havens for all kinds of plants , birds and animals .
phil had baby plants already up and growing from seed .
phil started the plants the month before and grew them in front of a southern facing window .
then angela put baby plants into the wet holes .
the hope was that the plants would be less of an unproductive mongrel than the previous year .
others were wearing neon colours covered by layers of gauze with some kind of knotted plant fibre wrapped around their necks or loosely draped over shoulders .
for example , a plant species was genetically eradicated at the field - site of a group of ornithologists studying tool use in birds .
you want me to investigate plant genocide ?
the birds discovered that human bones made tools just as well as the plants did .
call for funding : sdai phase 3 outline proposals call for funding : urban transformations research call call for funding : secondary data analysis initiative phase 1 call for funding : tree health & plant biosecurity initiative call for funding : ora - open research area in europa call for funding : use of ' cheerio ' dying out in asteroid belts ?
i made poison darts from the derinto plant that grows in abundance in these swamps .
a mere drop from the nectar of these plants is enough to paralyze a full grown man for a week .
` ` every second he 's here , he kills another of the plants .
leanne could hear ben explaining to dis how farmers do n't pull leaves from perfectly healthy plants .
people tended to sleep with the lights of the station , while the plants in the farm pods followed the sun .
the plants were small and bore less soycorn than last calendar .
the earth was a farming pod as far as you could see , with waters as wide as factory - floors and plants as tall as the dome .
the plants that clung from the walls of the tunnel seemed to purify it and a rich earthy odor issued from the foliage .
the jungle plants seemed to thrive on the minutest amounts of light and moisture .
the connectors were lushly forested after all , they worked as an air purification system , or so he had learned in one of his lessons , the plants were especially suited to the environment , though they were never meant to grow this large or untended .
the menu items are earth vegetarian meals using ariyamain grown plants and fungus .
two roads of thatch cottages , a plant nursery and an antiques store .
here is a partial list of what you ll find in these entries : more on the flora and fauna of deucado and helome a discourse on the nature and cure of type 1 diabetes a complete study on methods of exploiting solar energy available today more backstories the nature of heaven and the hyper - verse the original short story last of the cavaliers which became the historical section folded into the ark lords hot fusion versus cold fusion how i was foiled by the simpsons movie and stephen kings under the dome the untold story of the arrival of the deucadons at tau ceti an actual picture of minimcom before he became a starship the design of the split narrative for part 2 of romes revolution first looks at the inhabitants , geography , geology and astro - geophysics behind the milk run including : the design of the forest on hades the ice - saberoo juniors medium haul configuration and redesigned cockpit shev , a member of the race of plant people called the kval starship omcom life force theory : the grand unification of all things scary the secret history of hades leading up to aasons visit more alternate and deleted scenes more apparent contradictions resolved in - depth analysis for why the plot had to go the way it did more on legal time travel some new scientific discoveries that have a bearing on the whole romes revolution series even more amusing images and not last and not least , why sandwiches taste so good !
one definition might be : ` ` the condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter , including the capacity for growth , reproduction , functional activity , and continual change preceding death . ''
do plants have a soul ?
so if plants are the people , what are the plants ?
so if plants are the people , what are the plants ?
here is an image of what sort of resembles this forest : from there we move on to the ` ` invisible planet '' called ay'den by the residents who happen to be intelligent , ambulatory plants .
the plant people , who refer to themselves as the k'val , have three stages of life .
in a previous post , i teased the fact that the world of ayden has silicon - based life in addition to the sentient plants that inhabit the planet .
if the planet had edible plants or herd animals , they would incorporate these into their repertoire .
by the time the inhabitants of hades encountered the plant people known as the kval , the colonists were already in the second stage of development .
entry 2 - 135 : may 10 , 2014 the war with the kval - part 2 yesterday , i told you about the human 's first encounters with the plant people known as the k'val on the planet hades .
you 'll see that the k'val , the plant people of the milk run , have evolved using a similar plan .
but what about on hades , the cold , cold world in the upcoming the milk run and ayden , the world of the living plants ?
yesterday , we discussed plants and why they take on the shapes that they do .
the plant people called the k'val follow those plans .
it is found in cyanobacteria , algae and plants and is responsible for absorbing energy and feeding these living entities .
in the planetary system of nu2 lupi , where much of the action of the milk run takes place , the primary star is also more yellow / orange so i imagine the light - absorbing material of the plants there is similarly yellow .
as i have mentioned before , deucado has an extreme paucity of diversity among its plants and animals because of its continual bombardment by comets , asteroids and the like .
so what s with all the statues and plants and stuff .
as you are well aware , the primary star , tau ceti , has a slight shift in spectrum so the plants on deucado have adapted to make maximum use of the sunlight .
entry 2 - 358 : december 19 , 2014 meet the sticky bushes i have told you numerous times before that i am not particularly creative when it comes to designing alien plants and animals .
i had dropped rei and rome on this alien world and the only plant life i told you about was the cane - trees .
after rei escaped and headed into the woods , i figured i had to invent at least one more plant type to make it realistic .
and further , imagine that the tank is filled with computing units rather than liquid hydrogen and you get the idea : entry 2 - 362 : december 23 , 2014 s'aploves in the upcoming novel , the milk run , we are introduced to the k'val , an entire race of walking , talking plant people .
entry 2 - 363 : december 24 , 2014 non - human intelligence yesterday , i introduced you to the k'val , the plant people that live on the planet ay'den in the upcoming novel the milk run .
these are living , sentient plants who walk and talk and have a fairly advanced form of technology .
dexter bent down and inspected one of the plants .
the green i saw from space is plants , not sand - cliffs .
the green permeating the plants and trees .
they were digging little ant - scale caverns deep down into the still warm soil and gathering plant and insect remains in preparation for a very long winter .
she had a few more stumbles and her trip down the mountain almost ended with a face plant into the broad side of a pine tree .
the red dragon kept the secret from all but his inner circle in exchange for them to collect metals , plants ; and animals and this they did .
breakfast scents flowed from their neighbors kitchens ; various plant scents drifted through the air ; freshly cut grass smelled more intense than ever before .
the third line obviously means this place has high hedges and plants of some sort .
we are to meet someone at a maze , a turf maze , which is also known as a plant maze .
natural plant mazes and stone mazes were built all over the world .
transpiration already steamed up the early morning air as the jungle plants produced an abundant supply of oxygen , resulting in a heavy , humid mist .
the astronomical structure smelled like an earthy mixture of plants , mossy stone , and animal urine .
with six ships capacity to carry several hundred people , food , water , animals , and plants , over three thousand people left our settlement .
with no natural light he had nt expected to see any plant life , but its complete absence made the water seem worse than neutral , like a marine no - mans - land .
there was nothing here of life not mineral or plant , and certainly not animal .
i told my guards that if you close your eyes , they are to administer you with the wake plant .
even when we were old and bitter on the inside , even though we were still young and fresh on the outside , that idealistic scenario of a log cabin in the woods , with smoke pouring from the chimney , a vegetable garden in the backyard , fruit trees in the woods , kids running around , me chopping wood , her harvesting plants ( or maybe vice versa ) , it was all still there .
beside me was a glass wall , and through the condensation on it , i could see the first room full of plants .
as the doctor came in , rubbed my arm down with the wet leaves of the plant that coagulated blood , and then stitched the cut closed , i counted in my mind .
in the grove , there might be some of the plant to coagulate blood .
in his hand he held a plant .
the creature sniffed at the plant that john held , then with its uninjured arm he took the plant and put it in his mouth .
the creature sniffed at the plant that john held , then with its uninjured arm he took the plant and put it in his mouth .
kris saw the plants along our path yesterday , john explained .
without the plant you ca nt control the change , kristiana said .
i traveled for many days not knowing what i would do when i came upon a plant that i had not seen before .
the plant is nourished and pruned tirelessly to create the perfect bloom .
thankfully , a full range of plant / animal dna had been stored under a mountain in norway and in many cases for plants , seeds too , so that it did nt take long for man to repopulate earth .
thankfully , a full range of plant / animal dna had been stored under a mountain in norway and in many cases for plants , seeds too , so that it did nt take long for man to repopulate earth .
i am hoping for packaged soil and seeds from the plant center , too .
we would create teepees of wood for beans to grow up on , and she had some sustainable water barrel ideas for boiling water right there in the fields to purify it , using pvc pipes with holes drilled into them to release the water to the plants .
they would bend over the plants and you could raise an entire row of the coverings all at once .
booming population and development at the dawn of the cwa had choked out the plant life that would naturally have done the job .
a husking loam could regrow itself from the tiniest drip or puddle , pulling moisture , insects , and plant matter into itself as it expanded over the course of months or years , using almost none of its stored energy to subsist until live prey came near .
it had been loaded with yellow berries and beside it , i had seen a plant with tubers coming up from the ground , much like potatoes .
everything from six - foot carnivorous plants to thick tangles of needle sharp thorns covered the area .
roberts quickly settled on the preserved remains of a tiny , carnivorous plant and slipped it into his pocket .
he felt himself nervous as maribel continued to travel through the cave passageway that was littered with plants in the walls and urged her to continue instead of letting her stop to graze on them .
jinks forced maribel to ignore the plants despite her whinnying of protest and indicating that she wanted to eat by her repeatedly trying to go to the plants and him forcing her to move away from them .
jinks forced maribel to ignore the plants despite her whinnying of protest and indicating that she wanted to eat by her repeatedly trying to go to the plants and him forcing her to move away from them .
he gasped as he saw bones of a human hanging from the plants on the wall and figured that it was actually a living ivy plant that captured people and animals for king winter to feed off of once ensnared in its ivy vines .
he gasped as he saw bones of a human hanging from the plants on the wall and figured that it was actually a living ivy plant that captured people and animals for king winter to feed off of once ensnared in its ivy vines .
he urged maribel through the cave passageway finding her not protesting to the urging instead continued on going through it making him nervous in being captured by the ivy plant 's whims for king winter to feed off of .
he felt wind blowing unexpectedly blowing into the cave passageway as the plants ended making himself relieved but still nervous as the watching sense stopped .
he again urged maribel through the cave passageway making him still nervous till they reached an opening showing a forest which he allowed the horse to have her fill from the plants gathered around the entrance .
he sighed shivering from the fearful feeling hitting him unexpectedly making him shake which he forced himself to calm down breathing through his nose as maribel stopped her feeding and galloped through the forest crashing through the plants .
he continued to read that the human survivors after a month in space watching the planet for signs of life managed to find something survived landed onto it via space shuttles due to supplies on the space station were running out and found the dinosaurs came back to existence along with the air not good for humans to breathe hence the creations of domes and plants altered to give off air while contained in those domes .
he dreamed of ocean water showing three flower plants in the color black rising from water unfurling their petals recognizing them as the dream goddesses on terra spoken to people through dreaming states showing them as always roses rising from the ocean waters .
he again got the horse rearing up whinnying in terror as there was a dinosaur sighted walking on the path looking like it was a triceratops by three horns seen on its head and four footed status indicating it a plant eater that ignored him and his companions going into the bushes out of sight .
he glimpsed sightings of various plant eating dinosaurs sticking out of the bushes appearing to get away from him and his companions by disappearing out of sight abruptly .
jinks obeyed finding his meal set in the dining room consisted of greenery plants instead of his sandwich order along with a greened drink to his disgust which he heard from the butler ` ` your doctor says you 're to take in this nourishment as ordered . ''
the floor gave way to dirt and an array of dark , lustrous plants .
the breeze brought with it the unmistakable scent of dirt , water , and plants .
there were no plants growing next to it , nothing but moist dirt piled against its walls .
on the left side of the road , the fumarella plants smelled the same .
when guidance for their growth was needed , it set these tenders upon those worlds that the plant born of free will may become stronger and longer lasting .
as long as our plant slaps together cyclops quickly , the togas are happy . ''
a moment later , they looked out from under the branches of the plants , saw no one , and ran to the next hiding place .
zeus strolled toward a colorful flowering plant and said , ` ` and you are working with the pact of nations against them ? ''
there was a lot of green , speckled with the colors of flowering plants .
if earth is devoid of usable plant life , we can start there . ''
` ` animals are as important to a planet 's ecosystem and our survival as plants . ''
he could hear the slight rustle of plants as the beast moved .
sat on the top of the mech , eating some kind of plant as he rode it like the howdah on an elephant .
he was morrison , plant , and mercury all rolled into one .
lidar scans took care of that and returned pictures of the tiny dwelling units sans plant life .
he brought the machu picchu down on the lowest booster setting he could , not wanting to disturb the flora , and slid his ship into a naturally - occurring tunnel of trees and plants .
plants , bugs , rotten logs , and of course draagh 's musty leathers , and the small satchel of herb in his pocket .
pops is a toaster , '' with toaster being the term used on azul to describe someone who smoked the plant .
max and jennie both laughed out loud again , imagining someone ripping a plant out of the ground and shaking it while muttering nonsense , hoping for things to go flying about .
technological systems appear unaffected , but some of your plants have died . ''
my labourbot said that my plants died , so i thought maybe the shockwave was meant to knock out living things , but those are fine . ''
or into some poisonous plant ?
i d see old bones sometimes , animals , plants , occasionally some rotting human flesh , and always a haunting feeling that brought me to tears .
first day of trading after sunday , ariel packed a bag , checked in with eoin one last time , emailed nell all her travel details , and drove over to jakes to drop off the key so he could water her plants in case the trip took longer than she expected .
and of course the reduced sunlight will also have a negative effect on the ability of plants to photosynthesize , which means even less oxygen .
it will all come down on us as acid rain which will , depending on its intensity and concentration , have fertilizing effects in some parts of the world but destroy crops and wild plants in others .
now that the cities were all gone , blown to smithereens in the troubles , the plants and lesser animals would take back their land .
came to this world , it had nothing but dirt , rocks , plants and animals .
sometimes sky hot and plants are growing and blooming , then sun sleep , cold come , perennials still alive , slowly working on their root system through cold times .
i wonder what it would like to be a plant .
there 's no such thing as a methedrine plant like there is a pot plant .
there 's no such thing as a methedrine plant like there is a pot plant .
` ` how big a plant ? ''
i want to try you with plants for a while , a few months .
stooping down , bruce picked one of the stubbled blue plants , then placed it in his right shoe , slipping it down out of sight .
he gave up , then , and turned his attention outward , to embrace the pompous green - leather trees , the hazy sky overhead , the small nettle - like plants growing at his feet .
` ` some insect or plant squeaks in the night .
he must have been stung by an insect or brushed against a plant while he was unloading his noser .
an insect or plant containing a substance to which he was violently allergic .
` ` a possible spot where a plant leaf might have speared him ? ''
` ` until tomorrow ; until we have time to scout out the plant or bug -- '' ` ` i wo n't be outdoors , '' morley agreed .
it does n't sound like a bug or a plant , he thought starkly .
green lichens grew everywhere ; the soil was a tangled floor of growing plants .
` ` that was the boeing plant on proxima 10 .
` ` i 'd like to be a desert plant , '' seth morley said .
` ` that is the way with plants , '' the intercessor said .
casey looked over and saw that her daughter had picked up her new laminated plant i d badge , which had casey 's picture , and beneath that c. singleton and then in large blue letters , qa / irt .
the final notation confirmed it , in plant slang - btoya .
` ` whole plant 's talking .
as though he might be talking about the coming of a rainstorm tomorrow afternoon , or the expected blossoming of some rare plant next week in the municipal botanical garden .
amgando park was a nature preserve , far to the south , a place where wild animals roamed , where the native plants of the province were jealously protected .
carefully theremon arranged his kindling - wood above the dried plants , building a framework as he imagined a real outdoorsman would , the bigger branches along the outside , then the thinner ones crisscrossed over the middle .
people had lived there , a family , proud of their house , their neighborhood - tending their lawn , watering their plants , playing with their pets , giving dinner parties for their friends , sitting on the patio sipping drinks and watching the suns move through the evening sky .
many species of deep - rooted , vinelike plants to anchor slopes and prevent erosion , other species of thirsty trees , adaptations of cottonwoods and willows , to line streambeds and break the power of flash floods .
it attacked plants which had no minds and could not be parasitized .
what do trantorians know about gardening when they ' ve lived under domes all their lives , tending potted plants , zoos , and carefully arranged crops of grains and fruit - trees ?
i could not go out in the open air and work with the plants and animals .
they are potted plants , and the animals are in cages .
fawkes had constructed a rough scheme for arranging the plant life of junior into some sort of taxonomic order .
` ` those plants .
most of the plants are perfectly all right .
if a plant is going to fill itself with lead just to keep the animals off , what good does it do the plant to have the animal find out by dying after he 's eaten it ?
if a plant is going to fill itself with lead just to keep the animals off , what good does it do the plant to have the animal find out by dying after he 's eaten it ?
` ` you know we 're putting hydroponic works and yeast plants in other probability patterns .
` ` we could reduce carbon dioxide for oxygen till the plants got going and they 'd do the job after that . ''
and they 're geared to select only probability patterns in which earth has a carbon dioxide atmosphere , one in which plant life , and therefore animal life , has never developed .
because if plants had evolved , the carbon dioxide would have been reduced to oxygen .
he finished lamely , ` ` suppose plant and animal life develops that can live on carbon dioxide . ''
he said absently , ` ` there could be plant life , just starting out .
a. roundin , b. lev , and y. j. prutt , proceedings of the society of plant chemistry , 80 , 11 - 18 ( 1930 ) , ' natural products isolated from shrubs of the genus rosacea . '
the plant life that did exist , sustained by a yellow - green pigment completely unrelated to chlorophyll and not as efficient , gave the comparalively fertile regions a decidedly bilious and unpleasant appearance to unaccustomed eyes .
soil has been brought out there ; plants ; animals ; men .
her work had been the only thing that really mattered : the children , always the children , no need for plants or pets .
there were samples of primordial plant life in sealed chambers - odd scaly little plants , eerie and unbeautiful- and chunks of rock formations , looking no different from twenty - first - century rocks so far as miss fellowes could see .
there were samples of primordial plant life in sealed chambers - odd scaly little plants , eerie and unbeautiful- and chunks of rock formations , looking no different from twenty - first - century rocks so far as miss fellowes could see .
so if adamewski knew anything about hunting and finding edible plants , which i would say is highly doubtful , he 'd have been able to cope for a while .
every once in a while , some immie suggests that we build an earth - park on the moon ; some little spot with earth - plants brought in as seeds or seedlings ; maybe some animals .
( this was the nearly universal animal connective protein that fulfilled the function of cellulose in plants , less cheaply , since it was protein rather than carbohydrate , but far more flexibly . )
we put plant life in the sea and on the land and gave this world breathable air .
with no animal life in the ocean , plant life everywhere , ' on land and sea , was starved for carbon dioxide .
without water , with temperatures that high , the last of the plant life will die .
without that plant life to put oxygen back into the air , the atmosphere will lose all its breathable oxygen as various chemical reactions cause the oxygen to bind to the rocks and soils of the surface .
when kresh had taken office , the city of hades had been all but literally on the verge of drying up and blowing away , the deserts had been spreading , the plants dying , the flower beds and gardens covered with the dust that blew into town with every gust of wind .
green plants and fresh water and a balanced local ecology do n't do them any good .
even from this altitude , he could see splashes of green plant life , glints of cobalt - blue ponds and lakes .
` ` these are the fruits of natural plant life grown on aurora .
` ` human beings and other animals and plants as well , partner elijah , are all living things , '' said daneel .
so the planet was quickly settled by human beings , by their domesticated plants and animals , and by the parasites and other organisms that were adventitiously brought along .
we have brought , here to aurora only those plants and animals we felt , would be useful , ornamental , or both .
it 's a plant extract that is pleasant but is not considered harmful in any way .
the dishes were numerous - each different , each in small portions - and , in a number of cases , it was possible to see that they had once been part of plants and animals .
it could be that the plant life looked a bit different in the morning than in the evening - or smelled different .
baley had , on occasion , thought that of earth 's plant life as well , he remembered .
` ` were it to do so , that would be disastrous for the plant world and , therefore , for humanity .
the structures were sufficiently widely spaced so that the greenery seemed untouched and the plant and animal life continued ( baley imagined ) as they might in emptiness .
there were some touches here that would have been at sent on earth - the occasional suspended pots of plants , for instance , flourishing in the light and outfitted with devices ( baley guessed ) for controlled and automatic watering .
a fountain played not far from him ; the plants were green and had probably never felt drought .
` ` wo n't the plant roots damage the domes ? ''
what do trantorians know about gardening when they ' ve lived under domes all their lives , tending potted plants , zoos , and carefully arranged crops of grains and fruit trees ?
they are potted plants and the animals are in cages .
but when thoughts of her beloved father , mother , and baby sister became too much to bear , when even her research could not keep her mind off the horrible losses she 'd so recently undergone , wanda invariably found herself out here , scratching at the terraformed ground , as if coaxing a few plants to life might somehow , in some tiny measure , ameliorate her pain .
when terminus was first occupied by human beings in the days of the encyciopedists , the highest form of plant life it produced was a mosslike growth on rocks ; the highest forms of animal life were small coral - like growths in the ocean and insectlike flying organisms on land .
he said , ` ` the plant life seems strange .
settlers always imported their own plants and animals - either at the time of settling or not too long afterward . ''
now we live in a galaxy that has been settled by human beings only , and , to a large extent , by the plants , animals , and microscopic life that they carry with them - voluntarily or inadvertently - from planet to planet and which usually overwhelm the indigenous life .
or going leaf - to - leaf with a walking plant monster .
the pale man paused beside one of the gargoyles and plucked a stem and a rose from one of the plants there .
it is a plant , you know . ''
most darkling places on the city 's edges were open fields and empty back lots , places where little patches of the wild still clung - stands of native plants , snake holes , or small creeks not yet erased by buildings and concrete .
there was a quiet waterfall at the far end of the chamber , running down into a pool , surrounded by a garden of living trees and plants and the chirp of the occasional bird .
we were in desert mountains , covered with tough , stringy plants and quick , quiet beasts .
each floor was open to the atrium , and between the plants , decorative trees , the waterfall , and all the windows plus the skylights far above , the entire building looked like a single , massive garden .
on a morning walk near harvest time in his ninth year , just over the third rise in the apple orchards north of central , they came on a shallow depression free of trees and lush with many different plants .
when he started to avoid a plant runner in his path .
she knelt and pulled a twig from an acid - green plant .
he sensed planning for centuries ahead : trees to replace building beams , to hold watersheds , plants to keep lake and river banks from crumbling , to hold topsoil safe from rain and wind , to maintain seashores and even in the waters to make places for fish to breed .
` ` trees and other plants for all of our symbiotic relationships , '' she said .
each has a symbiotic relationship with a special plant .
in sisters , in plant and animal life , in the very foundations of chapterhouse , she would see changes gross and changes subtle , things to wrench at mother superior 's vaunted serenity .
the expanding desert was creating higher temperatures too early here : odd warming patches that caused plants to leaf or bloom just in time for an abrupt frost .
where the beach became loamy dirt and a few sparse plants , she turned finally and looked back at the sea she had just condemned .
directly beneath him on the desert floor plants grew in a profusion of greens , watered by a qanat which flowed partly in the open , partly in covered tunnels .
she reminded herself how many new hectares would be put under green plants in the coming year - and it required thirty - seven thousand cubic feet of water to irrigate just one hectare .
old values change , become linked to the landscape with its plants and animals .
beyond the rock markers stretched a stinking band of dead arrakeen life , killed by foreign plants and too much water , now forming a barrier against the desert .
a village had been built beneath the wall since muad'dib 's time , houses to shelter a planetology crew helping spread plant life into the desert .
through the smoky shimmer of heat he saw the plants which crept out from the desert edge .
now there are plants .
we revere the words of liet - kynes , who told us : ' i wish to see this entire planet caught up in a net of green plants . '
and there were other concerns : the old - time sietch had always been guarded by traps - poisoned barbs in pits , poisoned spines on plants .
others carried minims of irrigation water to the most needy plants .
without human hands to maintain it , the sietch already was beginning to melt back into the desert , its walls eroded by sandblast winds , its plants dying , its plantation area cracked by the burning sun .
he smelled dust and the aroma of spiny plants , heard the morning sounds of people and animals .
here at the edge of the sand lay a few rocks , but they led the imagination outward into the winds , the dust , the sparse and lonely plants and animals , dune merging into dune , desert into desert .
she wants the house and the plant and the only way she can get it is if i die , so she fixed it up so i 'd have this heart attack and drop dead according to plan . ''
the plant , then , was not worth nearly as much as might have been thought ; in fact , it had been bled to the bone .
the dominant plants were softwoods and fast - growing trees , bamboo and thorny tearing vines , which formed a dense and impenetrable barrier .
because the secondary plants were different , secondary jungle had a different albedo from primary jungle .
each microenvironment supported a bewildering profusion of plant and animal life , but there were typically few members of each species .
a clearing rate of fifty acres a minute meant that plant and animal species were becoming extinct at the incredible rate of one species per hour .
karen ross felt herself plunged into a world entirely different from the exploitable world of mineral resources ; this was an environment in which plant life reigned supreme .
the rain forest provided a hothouse environment for plant life , an environment in which gigantic plants were much superior to - and much favored over - mammals , including the insignificant human mammals who were now picking their way through its perpetual darkness .
the rain forest provided a hothouse environment for plant life , an environment in which gigantic plants were much superior to - and much favored over - mammals , including the insignificant human mammals who were now picking their way through its perpetual darkness .
wild plants are preserved in hothouses , wild animals in zoos and game parks : artificial settings created by man as a souvenir of the once - prevalent natural world .
but they use bones , flesh , cobwebs , plants , and other organic substances to fashion their facsimiles .
i was hoping i could talk you into watering my plants for me . ''
she wanted me to water her plants .
` ` thanks for looking out for my plants . ''
` ` i ' m watering her plants . ''
er , plants , plants . ''
er , plants , plants . ''
` ` plant monster . ''
we 'll take care of you , feed you , bring you cold plants and animals , for a week , maybe ? ''
` ` look up and tell me if you see honor among plants and oceans .
there were no paintings , no overstuffed chairs , no ficus plants , no antique clocks .
arthur would probably be calling from the plant .
` ` the plant in malaysia ? ''
again , when he opened it , the plant shimmered briefly but was unchanged .
it was arthur , in the plant .
around him now he saw closely - planted rows of corn , an early - ripening hybrid , and between the rows , great hairy squash plants on which odd yellow squash like bowling balls grew .
the new teacher , a short , young - looking man wearing a khaki shirt and work pants , nervously cleared his throat and said , ` ` yes , i am familiar with chemicals and plants and animal - life , especially whatever is found out in the woods such as berries and mushrooms . ''
maybe i could become a plant breeder , like luther burbank .
there must be millions of freak plants growing around out in the country , like there 're all those freak animals and funny people here in the city . ''
the sharply silver light of noon poured through clerestory windows onto a floor worked in green , blue and eggshell tiles to simulate a bayou with water plants and , here and there , a splash of exotic color to indicate bird or animal .
` ` strangers coming and going , '' korba said , ` ` trampling the plants , whispered conversations - i heard reports of some disturbing remarks . ''
like two plants competing for the same ground , shu - dereth would strangle shu - korath .
a few quilts hung on the walls - probably donations from elderly patrons - and flowers and plants sat lined up beneath them , their buds peeking out in the spring weather .
every day he made several treks to the well to bring water to his plants , but he could n't carry much , and the bucket sarene had given them leaked .
` ` but , '' the dula continued , turning to tend to his plants again .
as overwrought as everything on this vessel , the menu started by describing its own elaborate construction : paper composed of roughage from the passenger 's own collected and sterilized shit ( how witty ) , ink distilled from plant dyes ( how rustic ) , the cover made from the skin of a real dead animal ( how macabre ) .
exotic animals , specially hybrid plants , pure synthetics ; handmade , machine - processed , wave - bombarded .
a half - done watercolor with a dried and cracked palette arrayed beside it , a full watering can next to etiolated plants : the modest tasks of therapy that would never reach completion .
she touches a chair , a table , the leaf of a potted plant , as if marking the room with her scent .
his throat is sore from the objects she force - fed him : a ring , a hard and serrated leaf from one of the hotel 's plants , one of his own teeth .
she messages the plant ai , demanding an explanation .
these animals drink the subtle energies that play on the epidermi of animals or plants , preferring those of intelligent creatures , of turing positives , so to speak .
the only plants that darling could see below were those imprisoned in the verdant confines of radial irrigation .
but the two separated physical plants share the same microverse .
the house was the most unusual planch had ever seen -- a single small building standing alone in a field covered with short green plants , forming a kind of living carpet beneath the warm sunshine .
` ` it has been concealed under a carpet of plants for more than three thousand years .
food plants and the abundant growth of this land will be parched .
` ` what is that plant ? ''
there was the smell of bitter dust in the air and an odor of distant spiny plants which had responded to the morning 's trace - dew .
he could call up a memory - image of the village nestled among the plants which grew in the moist area along the inner base of the wall .
it was not like the old days when any inhabited place , even a tiny basin with a few low plants fed by a single cistern and windtrap , could appear lush by comparison with the open sand .
the water searched through rolling hills , along the margins of an abundant plant life which had replaced all of dune 's desert except for this one last place , this sareer , this sanctuary of the past .
no plants , no living movement .
` ` the vultures , a few night creatures , an occasional remnant of plant life out of the old days , burrowing things . ''
the mule let out a wheezing grunt and the dweller looked up , glaring blue eyes coming target - center on the gunslinger in a moment he raised both hands in curt salute and then bent to the corn again , humping up the row next to his hut with back bent , tossing devil - grass and an occasional stunted corn plant over his shoulder .
let 's have some plants .
words flowed silently through waff 's mind : ` ` assumptions based on understanding contain belief in an absolute ground out of which all things spring like plants growing from seeds . ''
this entire region had been allowed to overgrow with plant life during the famine times and the scattering .
so odrade had waited in the dar - es - balat courtyard , green - shadowed in the depths where she stood looking upward at the sunline six stories overhead - past lacy balustrades at each balconied level : green plants , brilliant red , orange , and blue flowers , a rectangle of silvery sky above the tiers .
life scanners report only the presence of plant life and nothing else that the algae shields . ''
duncan inhaled the fungal odors of decomposing plant life .
the road was a wide , flat thoroughfare - beam - hardened and kept bare of plant life .
such ecological diversity sustained an astonishing diversity of plant and animal life .
such neck flexion was so common in fossils that some scientists had formulated a theory to explain it , suggesting that the dinosaurs had become extinct because they had been poisoned by the evolving alkaloids in plants .
` ` especially on a misty day , these plants really contribute to the prehistoric atmosphere .
yes , it was just as he said : serenna veriformans , a plant found abundantly in fossils more than two hundred million years old , now common only in the wetlands of brazil and colombia .
people were so naive about plants , ellie thought .
they just chose plants for appearance , as they would choose a picture for the wall .
it never occurred to them that plants were actually living things , busily performing all the living functions of respiration , ingestion , excretion , reproduction - and defense .
but ellie knew that , in the earth 's history , plants had evolved as competitively as animals , and in some ways more fiercely .
the poison in serenna veriformans was a minor example of the elaborate chemical arsenal of weapons that plants had evolved .
there were terpenes , which plants spread to poison the soil around them and inhibit competitors ; alkaloids , which made them unpalatable to insects and predators ( and children ) ; and pheromones , used for communication .
plants grew , moved , twisted , and turned , fighting for the sun ; and they interacted continuously with ammals - discouraging some with bark and thorns ; poisoning others , and feeding still others to advance their own reproduction , to spread their pollen and seeds .
richard kiley was saying , ` ` notice , first of all , the remarkable plant life that surrounds you .
the world of the dinosaur included more modern plants , such as pine and fir trees , and swamp cypresses .
we think these dinosaurs were so successful because they had better jaws and teeth for chewing plants than their contemporaries did .
` ` animal this size has to take in a minimum of five or six hundred pounds of plant matter daily just to keep going .
` ` then it 's not likely to be poisoning from a plant , '' ellie said .
constant browsers would be constantly sick if they were eating a toxic plant .
the chinese used the plant as a fish poison .
she set off toward the field to examine the plants more closely , her body bent over the ground .
` ` plants are healthy , no sign of being eaten .
squeezed by the muscles of the gizzard , the stones helped crush tough plant food before it reached the stomach , and thus aided digestion .
it was presumed that dinosaurs swallowed their food whole and let the gizzard stones break down the plant fibers .
` ` let 's say we had a bad one , and all the plants and animals died , and the earth was clicking hot for a hunred thousand years .
and when oxygen was first produced as a waste product by certain plant cells - say , around three billion years ago - it created a crisis for all other life on our planet .
those plant cells were polluting the environment with a deadly poison .
grant explained that a number of plants and animals were known to have the ability to change their sex during life - orchids , some fish and shrimp , and now frogs .
and yet they were sensitive ; they could talk forever about animals and plants , the landscape itself .
in a small iron building outside of bunchewood park he manufactured health foods , made entirely from domestic plants and minerals , with no preservatives or chemical sprays or nonorganic attractive fertilizers .
things that we can see move would whiz around him so darn fast they 'd be practically invisible , and i bet he sees slow processes like this seed here ; i bet he can go out in the yard and sit down and watch the plants growing , and five days for him is like say ten minutes for us . ''
they walked past a small ditch of water , crossed an open field of sand and sparse fernlike plants , and arrived at the other house .
the spot , a low plateau , was found , and the stake was driven , mostly by jack ; his father wandered about , inspecting rock formations and plants , with a clearly irritated and impatient frown .
june henessy , wearing white shorts and a skimpy halter , padded barefoot here and there in the house , watering from a glass pitcher her various indoor plants .
saying trees and plants and animals are magic .
` ` why are n't the dirt and plants sliding off the other side ? ''
as far as he could tell , not one tree or any other kind of plant existed in the place .
but the plain fact is that domestication of plants and animals , as practiced for thousands of years , does change the deep and profound nature of an organism .
kac observed that ` ` [ the rabbit ] does make some people uncomfortable , '' but noted that gpf is a common research tool and has been injected into yeast , molds , plants , fruit flies , mice , and cow embryos .
soon he could make out the palm trunks and debris scattered over the dark sand , and the low , scrubby plants whipped by the wind off the ocean .
` ` check it out , cal : if you add up the weight of all the plants and animals that live under the ground , it 's actually more than everything that lives above .
new plants came in , desert shrubs that made it impossible for grass to return .
and they are n't really worms at all ; the young ones can fly , carried from plant to plant on the wind , spreading infection as they go .
if a single plant in a huge field is infected , the wasps will find the mealworms and inject them with their eggs .
no one really knows how wasps track down microscopic mealworms , but some scientists have an intriguing theory : the infected plant asks for help .
that 's right : when a cassava plant is attacked by mealworms , it begins to send out signals to any wasps in the area .
` ` apparently , the plant released some material into the environment .
in the vicinity of the plant . ''
by a couple of hundred million years ago there are large plants and animals , complex creatures , dinosaurs .
if plants had n't started making oxygen , animal life would never have evolved .
a plant attacked by a pest evolves a pesticide in its leaves .
the pest evolves to tolerate the pesticide , so the plant evolves a stronger pesticide .
thus a plant attacked by ants evolves to tolerate the ants , and even begins to make special food for them on the surface of its leaves .
in return the resident ants protect the plant , stinging any animal that tries to eat the leaves .
pretty soon neither the plant nor the ant species can survive without the other .
a cornfield contained many kinds of plants , was attacked by many pests , and evolved many defenses .
the plants competed with weeds ; the pests competed with other pests ; larger animals ate both the plants and the pests .
the plants competed with weeds ; the pests competed with other pests ; larger animals ate both the plants and the pests .
cautiously , i pushed aside a plant in front of me , and looked toward the mound .
another angle on the plant .
she drooped , the way my house plants always used to when i was still optimistic enough to keep buying new ones .
the two men walk away , leaving me standing in the foyer with the potted plants and an impressive view through the skylight .
transplanetary bank does n't believe in embellishing the workplace : beige walls , beige carpet , and one fake plant .
if you 'd rather , we 'll hop a ship to maha city , claim some land according to the new homestead act , and plant rutabagas or something .
i assume she 's naming the plant for me , having rightly discerned my interest .
as the lacy lift doors glide shut , i notice that the guardian plants have strange spines all down their trunks - or would that be stems ?
i do n't remember riding down , and we 're facing those bizarre plant soldiers again .
i rein in my irrational terror of the plants long enough to fix on something he 's said .
i ca n't make myself walk past those plants .
would you like to take a walk through my nightmares and plant flowers along the way ? ''
inside , it 's typical of other ithtorian spaces , full of lush color and blooming plants .
on the far wall , there 's a climbing plant with large , spiky leaves in a green so bright it almost looks artificial , and the blooms look like blood .
i suspect there 's something to inspire growth in the air here , something that keeps the plants blooming .
it seems like asking vel the name of the plants would be carrying the pretense too far , so i simply bend to examine the waxy green foliage .
there might be medicinal plants nearby , but i ca n't identify them .
this street used to be green with tropical trees , spiky plants grown in their shade .
the plants are new , too ; these bear lightly scented blossoms with delicate crimson petals .
but even the plants have a secondary layer of green growing over the top of them , moss or mold in swirling patterns .
the plants are more vibrant , blooms in rainbow hues sprouting from the canopy .
i turn in a slow circle , studying the slant of the light , the way the trees are growing , and the tilt of the plants .
[ message ends ] chapter 25 the jungle sprawls around us like a carnivorous plant .
urgency possesses me , and i quicken my step , bounding over spiky - leafed plants .
a ceramic pot holding a plastic plant shattered .
there were rocks and trees built up around the outsides of the pools , complete with moss and plants and everything , to make it look like the pacific northwest .
invisible force ripped the kelpies from the sides of the boat , leaving long strands of wet plant matter clinging limply to the fiberglass hull .
the coating of flowering plants seemed to devour the body of the gorilla from around the mortal body beneath - that of a muscular young man , which gradually emerged , though was still modestly shrouded in a veil of flowers .
they could grow plants , sink foundations , repair leaking pipes , maintain machinery , weave clothing , cook meals .
` ` it might simply exhale a toxin that kills chloroplasts , so that plants could no longer convert sunlight .
then all the plants on earth would die - and consequently all life on earth would die . ''
norman scrambled back , coming up against a large potted plant .
norman pushed the plant forward , and the tentacle gripped it , uprooted it easily , sweeping it away into the air .
there are also poisonous plants , poisonous sponges , poisonous corals .
but of course it could concern any of his ongoing environmental projectswater purification in cambodia , reforestation in guinea , habitat preservation in madagascar , medicinal plants in peru .
the plants and animals that make up our biosphere are vanishing at unprecedented rates .
the best guess is that was the reason for the robberyto plant bugs .
` ` at first , arctic grasses and shrubs were the only plants that could take hold in the barren glacial soil .
and that initiated a sequence of plant colonization that was basically the same everywhere in post - glacial north america .
but someone might refer to these fir trees as a pest plantan oversized weedthat invaded the landscape , crowding out the native plants that had been there before them .
it stood to reason that generations of plants would have to grow there , building up a layer of topsoil .
` ` and i think you 're a plant .
for example , crop failureif anything , increased carbon dioxide stimulates plant growth .
some poor bastard marks off a hectare or an acre of land and then tries to count all the bugs and animals and plants inside it .
` ` my position is human beings are heating the planet and poisoning the planet and we have a moral obligation to the biosphereto all the plants and animals that are being destroyed , and to the unborn generations of human beingsto keep these catastrophic changes from taking place . ''
` ` so our moral obligation is to othersother plants , animals , and other people . ''
but the change in plant ecology seemed to be permanent ; the old mix of trees and grasses did not return .
and any change hurts some plant or animal .
few plants lived here .
on a nearby mound , a small figure flitted around the plants , dancing like a fluttering insect .
the plants had learned to survive .
grass grew up the rocky sides that saw the most sun , and other plants were plentiful in the shade .
tiny lights rose around the plants .
the ground had been cleared of plant life , and the rock was slick beneath his unshod feet .
there were plants from which one could remove a tiny cutting - a leaf , or a bit of stem - then plant it and grow a duplicate .
after that , she 'd done drawings of people only when in private , instead using her open drawing times to sketch the insects , crustaceans , and plants of the manor gardens .
shallan leaned back against the stonelike plant , the tendrils pulling in and hiding .
finally , jasnah moved on to the sketchbook filled with drawings of plants and animals shallan had observed during her trip .
to his sides , the more adventurous cremlings had already left their lairs , scuttling about , feeding on plants that lapped up the rainwater .
stormwardens in kholinar and vedenar had proven that plants given storm water did better than those given lake or river water .
the incline he 'd come down was covered with flat , slatelike plants that had opened like books to the rain , ruffled lacy red and green leaves connecting the two halves .
lifespren - little green blips of light , brighter than syl but small as spores - danced among the plants , dodging raindrops .
other exotic plants bloomed , poking out of shells or holes in the ground , and soon patches of red , orange , and blue waved in the wind around him .
scrak was having far too much fun with her prey , and she kept even the cultivated plants hidden in their burrows .
like most others , these plateaus had an uneven surface inhabited by hardy plants adapted to regular storm exposure .
like the plants of the stormlands , the lives of men here were dominated by the highstorms .
` ` and do you know how much sap comes from a single plant ? ''
the highstorm 's rains from the night before meant that most plants were still open , rockbuds spewing out vines , flowering branzahs reaching clawlike branches out of crevices toward the sky .
it tasted strongly bitter , like the plant from which it had been taken .
` ` we need to gather a certain kind of plant .
after storms , plants soon pulled back into their shells , trunks , and hiding places to conserve water .
the crusty , hard plants had no true stalks or leaves , just waving tendrils like colorful hair .
and yet , scholars said it must be a plant for the way it grew and reached toward the light .
the other man sighed , but joined dalinar and walked the pathway between the clusters of plants and the wall of maps .
for now , it was too cold for plants to enjoy the respite ; rockbuds spent winter weeks curled up inside their shells .
you said nothing about ' wild ' plants being weaker . ''
` ` they are n't aware how valuable those plants outside are .
the spittle was colored black from the yamma plant he chewed .
a world that stayed damp on even the hottest days , a drowned landscape of moss , fungus , and hardy plants that survived in even dim light .
the plants ca n't live without it . ''
` ` you 're going to learn to care for that plant .
as he passed , the plants rustled , pulling back their vines and lethargically closing their shells .
the mansion 's front grounds had a low stone wall covered with all kinds of exotic plants .
kal hastened past them , turning a corner before pausing beside a plant stand , struggling with his emotions .
she 'd asked a groundskeeper the name of the most prominent shalebark plant ; he 'd called it ` ` plated stone . ''
it was as if they had been designed by the almighty in pairs , the plant giving safety to the animal , the animal cleaning the plant .
it was as if they had been designed by the almighty in pairs , the plant giving safety to the animal , the animal cleaning the plant .
she used a finer - tipped charcoal pencil to scribble some thoughts about the relationship between the animals and the plants .
snails and plants can help one another , she thought .
hesitant , shallan took a piece of broken shalebark from the base of one of the plants .
but the leaves and stalks of the truthberry plant , if burned , give off a smoke that makes people intoxicated and euphoric .
at his advent , plants curled up their leaves , rockbuds closed their shells , and shrubs withdrew their branches .
` ` like most plants from shinovar , it ca n't grow other places . ''
cold water leaked down the rock beside him , and a frillbloom plant hesitantly opened its fanlike fronds beside his head : two wide , orange leaves , with spines on the tips , unfolding like opening fists .
kaladin stepped on the vine from one of them , causing the plant to retract .
the cremlings had retreated to their cracks and burrows , but many of the plants still continued to let their fronds float in the cool wind .
elhokar 's gardeners had begun to cultivate the plant life here .
the stonelike plant was overgrown by small bunches of haspers with pearly shells slowly opening and closing as they breathed .
there were no plants , not even rockbuds .
if weasel - head had asked him , ' haylis , didjer plant anything ? '
there were diree dwarf palm trees , and plants he had n't seen since leaving gilead : spathiphyllum , he believed they had been called there , although they might not have the same name in this world .
there were other plants as well , but only one mattered .
an odd certainty came to roland then : die thorns of diese roses only pricked when their roots still tied the plant to mim , or mother earth .
most plastics , nylon , rayon , plant cellulose , and even glycogen in the human body were polymers .
a plant in such a system , for example , would consume carbon dioxide and give off water and oxygen .
it 'll have to show me more than i ' ve seen before i consider this plant a ' worthy adversary . '
* * * do you know how hard it is to think like a plant ?
it 's a plant , it 's not going anywhere . ''
maybe i was raised by a plant , but i can read people fairly well .
flattery admired this dangerous little plant for its tenacity and for the protection it afforded his compound .
his greenskeeper had a way with animals as well as plants , and now several rob of swiftgrazers nested in vulnerable approach points to the compound .
except now , instead of growing islands out of it , they spray it in a foam across rock like this and grow plants on it a week later .
growing plants and engineering them for food had been stella 's family 's tradition for nine generations .
she began the tender task of removing the plants from their containers and setting them in their beds beside the walk .
once her plants were bedded she misted them well and swept her clippings and stray dirt away from the walk .
though a plant , and clearly dead , it emanated a warmth that pleased her .
there are lasgun barrels behind the rocks and plants .
if there was any plan to the park it was a maintenance plan with plants requiring similar conditions and care held in their own sectors .
as often as not , the plant would be a dangerous one - a flesh eater or poison - sweat variety .
` ` my rim contacts believe the addictive substance is derived from a plant called ' tibac . '
we have no prior record of such a plant , but the outer rabble has been cultivating it lately .
more than likely the plant came from beyond the god wall then , as kidge implied .
mckie looked from side to side ; the growth appeared an almost equal mixture of terran and tandaloor , interspersed with many strange plants .
sunlight made him blink as they raced out of the overhanging plants onto a plain of tall grass which had been trampled , blasted , and burned by recent violence .
something always happens : the plants die for no reason , the water source runs dry , something steals what you grow .
any fresh organic ink would work , though inks from animals were better than inks from plants .
she would be the ` ` plant . ''
i had a feeling that the road would be overgrown with lack of use in a different region - some place with more vital vegetation , unlike the desert plants that needed decades to recover from such a violation .
she knew the names of all the spiny plants around us .
i really got a kick out of those bats and the plants and spiders .
` ` no , we used sunlight for food , like most plants here . ''
jeb told me this was something they had to do routinely , as the combination of humidity and dust caked the mirrors until the light was too dim to feed the plants .
they make cities under the water out of hard plants that grow there , kind of like trees but not really .
they cultivate a plant - like growth that they milk for its sap ... '' and life went on .
` ` i do n't want to be a plant , '' she mumbled into my shoulder .
colonists , livestock , plants - each voidship carried what it needed to create another earth .
occasional stubby plants with glistening silver leaves aligned themselves with the sun in the path of the naked band .
the band steered a course to avoid the plants .
the plain around them , out to the crags about ten kilometers distant , was devoid of motion now , marked only by scattered extrusions of black rock and the stiff - leaved plants making their slow phototropic adjustments to the passage of the red - orange sun .
` ` stay away from the plants , '' someone warned .
they all knew about the plants - most poisonous , all capable of slashing soft flesh .
even nearby plants drank red liquid from the ground .
even plants required that diurnal pulse .
they attended their plants with total attention , occupation and preoccupation linked in a particular reverence which he had sensed only among older shipmen during worship .
oakes chuckled , amused by the thought of worship reduced to tending plants in an agrarium .
portable chairs had been provided , many constructed from the twisted pandoran plant material .
when he looked out through the plaz he could see solid groun ... damp stretch of pandoran soil studded with native plants : odd spikey things with fluting silver leaves .
if anybody had told me back at moonbase that one day i 'd land a freighter with my mind and a couple of plants that sing in the dar ... . and think !
avata would not accept that designation as plant .
no doubt it was a paradis ... continuous growing season for earth plants - no rot , no mold , no insect parasite ... . not even any demons to threaten the people there .
18 ` ` so you see , '' craig said , approaching the empty chair at the head of the table and standing before the men seated around it , ` ` the brokers with whom i did business were not only unscrupulous ; many of them were actually cia plants whose job it was to contact and fake out just such bankers as myself - men looking to fill up skinny portfolios in a hurry .
even terrified , i wondered how we sounded to the peeps , whether they really liked the music or whether certain kinds of sound waves calmed them down , like plants and mozart .
` ` fish , animals , plants , '' gallow said .
but it 's just a plant ; it is not sentient , as it was before our ancestors wiped it out .
` ` land is far more stable when plants hold it down .
` ` we have every reason to believe the hyb tanks contain earthside plant and animal life , everything ship considered necessary for colonization .
it revealed a huge port that looked out on an undersea courtyard with transparent ceiling and a watery center where clusters of small fishes flashed and turned among delicate , richly colored plants .
still ... sentient plants ? ''
` ` how can you hurt a plant ? ''
` ` the kelp is not just a plant , '' she said .
storms ripped whole vines loose from the mother plant and some of the wounded stragglers wedged safely into rock and grew there .
it looked like a gently clouded mirror , and in the mysterious tangle of water plants growing around the edge , a bullfrog croaked hoarsely .
just another litterbug on the great tomato plant of life .
in the old days , the people who came here were dedicated scientists with a passion to learn about something for its own sake - howler monkeys , or polistine wasps , or the sombrilla plant .
was the specimen plant matter , propagative seeds , or bulbs .
the fronds of the ferns were enormous , as long and broad as a man 's body , the plants twenty feet tall , with rough spiky stalks .
a geological lab in south africa , where amber and other biological specimens are acquired ; a research farm in the mountains of costa rica , where exotic varieties of plants are grown ; and a facility on the island of isla nublar , 120 miles west of costa rica .
` ` there are a couple of plants growing through the floor over there , but , overall , remarkably clean . ''
but the plant itself is still going - incredible . ''
` ` plant life in the mesozoic must have been severely challenged by the arrival of very large dinosaurs .
herds of giant herbivores , each animal consuming hundreds of pounds of plant matter each day , would have wiped out any plants that did n't evolve some defense - a bad taste , or nettles , or thorns , or chemical toxicity .
herds of giant herbivores , each animal consuming hundreds of pounds of plant matter each day , would have wiped out any plants that did n't evolve some defense - a bad taste , or nettles , or thorns , or chemical toxicity .
` ` plants have defenses ? ''
we realize that plants , in their ceaseless struggle to survive , have evolved everything from complex symbiosis with other animals , to signaling mechanisms to warn other plants , to outright chemical warfare . ''
we realize that plants , in their ceaseless struggle to survive , have evolved everything from complex symbiosis with other animals , to signaling mechanisms to warn other plants , to outright chemical warfare . ''
even with plants ? ''
` ` in their own way , plants are extremely active .
because those big apatosaurs must eat a lot of plants .
` ` is that because of these plant defenses ? ''
or a new plant arises , and poisons all the dinosaurs .
that many big animals are going to eat a lot of plant matter in the course of a day .
mendel 's work with plants is rediscovered .
certain plants do n't get eaten .
in the period from 1988 to 1989 ... the herbivores got a macerated plant matter on a feeding schedule three times a day ... and the carnivores got ... '' he stopped .
like the yucca plant .
` ` the yucca plant depends on a particular moth which gathers pollen into a ball , and carries the ball to a different plant - not a different flower on the same plant - where it rubs the ball on the plant , fertilizing it .
` ` the yucca plant depends on a particular moth which gathers pollen into a ball , and carries the ball to a different plant - not a different flower on the same plant - where it rubs the ball on the plant , fertilizing it .
` ` the yucca plant depends on a particular moth which gathers pollen into a ball , and carries the ball to a different plant - not a different flower on the same plant - where it rubs the ball on the plant , fertilizing it .
` ` the yucca plant depends on a particular moth which gathers pollen into a ball , and carries the ball to a different plant - not a different flower on the same plant - where it rubs the ball on the plant , fertilizing it .
the yucca plant ca n't survive without the moth .
the moth ca n't survive without the plant .
` ` some dinosaur roots in the swamps around the inland sea , changes the water circulation , and destroys the plant ecology that twenty other species depend on .
the road was muddy alongside the river , and heavily overgrown with plants .
` ` unless , '' one of his men suggested , ` ` it 's a deliberate plant . ''
if anyone would know , cammie would ; she had a garden in her backyard , a jungle of potted plants inside her house , and a library 's worth of books on growing things .
she was sitting at a desk in an alcove , surrounded by so many potted plants that she might have been in an ecuadorian foxhole .
i think they show disneys- '' ` ` that will be fine , '' richards said briskly , and bumped into a potted plant on his way out .
nothing stirred here but the insects , the birds , the plants themselves slowly swallowing up the light and the blue of the sky .
she would also talk at length to her plants , many of which had come from the original garden created by her father , henri marie landry .
could they guess how indescribably exotic that was after the barren , selfish world in which she 'd spent her life , like a potted plant that had never seen the real sun , nor the real earth , nor heard the rain except against double - paned glass ?
she was staring at the long open wound , at the tender organs shivering like plants , like the monstrous iris in the garden .
leaves or branches , he thought ; i hear plants .
my time and my realm have come ; this is my world and it is springtime and the air does not wither the plants , nor do you .
if he could find one healthy plant , one untouchedcit would be enough to restore his spirits .
he continued squeezing , for a time so long that it seemed as if his hands had grown fast to her , become fixed in place forever , like gnarled roots of some ancient , diseased , but still - living plant .
from then on , he had to bend over , pushing aside the ferns and small plants with his hands in order to see the path of the wall .
on solid ground again , he pushed through thick ground cover , some kind of dense waist - high plant , like rhododendron .
he pushed through the waist - high plants with their skunklike smell , slipped in mud that grew deeper with each step .
chris chewed the plants noisily .
` ` the plant with the jagged leaves is feverfew .
a waterfall fell from the far wall , into a pool around which grew a plethora of plants , from grass to roses to small trees , forming a surprisingly complex little garden .
bees buzzed busily about the bushy plants , and as i stepped closer to them , the corner of the building cut off the traffic sounds .
huge trees and smooth grass beneath them dominated , with the occasional , suspiciously symmetrical outgrowth of flowering plants , often located in the center of golden shafts of sunlight that came down through the green - shadowed trees at regular intervals .
the gully 's floor had a thin layer of silt in it , leaving little room for plants to grow , and was as easy to traverse as a sidewalk , even in the dark .
something approximately the same size and shape as the blade of a bulldozer went rushing across the ground between my brother and me , tearing up earth and gravel , root and plant .
she set a pot on the counter ; it contained , al saw , a lifeless plant , perhaps an azalea - in its moribund state it showed few features .
` ` no warranty goes with the plant life which we sell .
beyond ladonna 's tomato plants was a high board fence and a gate .
i was covering plants in case of frost , and i seen it . '
coralee dumagen asked me to water her plants while they 're gone . '
in addition to the odors of smoke and decaying animal , he could smell rotting plant life and a swampy stench that no doubt arose !
like plants in a lazy underwater current .
there were some of these plants in the gardens around the court of gods , which was why lightsong recognized them .
the hallandren liked plants ; most of the homes were shaded by trees , vines , and exotic blooming shrubs .
protect a building , destroy the plants that could have grown in the soil .
` ` i could n't be sure that our friend there was n't a plant arranged by grable .
cloth works the best , though sticks , reeds , and other plant matter can be used . ''
a miniature jungle of very healthy green plants covered most of the far wall , framing the two windows .
anything and everything in the office became fair game for use as a weapon as she threw the plant from the desk , the data pads , even the picture from the wall .
he could feel the sleer winding its waves of fear around him , like the tendrils of some carnivorous plant .
they looked human until you got up close ; then their skin had a waxy , unfinished look , which made sense , since they were actually clones made primarily from cellulose and plant matter .
` ` it was some kind of plant thing .
but if there were no poisonous plants in this room , then my mother had raised a fool .
` ` that plant there , that tree , '' i said .
he stared fixedly at me , and then turned and appeared to stare at the plant as though he 'd never seen it before .
` ` how would you know such a plant on seeing it ? ''
` ` a world traveler , a student of natural things , of plants and obscure flowers and even of poisons so as to find some cure for them . ''
` ` in your orangery , off the main courtyard below , there is a plant known to the brazilians as purple death .
and if that is not sufficient , i will take you all down and reveal the plant to you , and reveal its powers .
find a pitiful mongrel in the streets of rome and feed him the seeds of this plant and you 'll see him quiver and shake and die immediately . ''
and there is no such plant . ''
i made no effort to conceal this plant from you .
did the evil one tell you what this plant could do ?
you brought the plant .
there stood the plant , and i pointed out the many black seeds which had fallen already into the soil .
why , it was this very jew vitale who brought the plant to the house ... '' ` ` you contradict your story , '' said antonio .
this was because , once a week , crowley went around the flat with a green plastic plant mister , spraying the leaves , and talking to the plants .
this was because , once a week , crowley went around the flat with a green plastic plant mister , spraying the leaves , and talking to the plants .
he had heard about talking to plants in the early seventies , on radio four , and thought it an excellent idea .
in addition to which , every couple of months crowley would pick out a plant that was growing too slowly , or succumbing to leaf .. wilt or browning , or just did n't look quite as good as the others , and he would carry it around to all the other plants .
in addition to which , every couple of months crowley would pick out a plant that was growing too slowly , or succumbing to leaf .. wilt or browning , or just did n't look quite as good as the others , and he would carry it around to all the other plants .
` ` he just could n't cut it ... '' then he would leave the flat with the offending plant , and return an hour or so later with a large , empty flower pot , which he would leave somewhere conspicuously around the flat .
the plants were the most luxurious , verdant , and beautiful in london .
that had been the front door ... ) he pulled on the gloves and gingerly took the flask , and the tongs , and the bucket .. and , as an afterthought , he grabbed the plant mister from beside a luxuriant rubber plant .. and headed for his office , walking like a man carrying a thermos flask full of something that might cause , if he dropped it or even thought about dropping it , the sort of explosion that impels graybeards to make statements like ` ` and where this crater is now , once stood the city of wah .. shing ..
bucket ... tongs ... plant mister ... and finally , deliberately , the flask .
crowley raised the green plastic plant mister , and sloshed it around threateningly .
he had a satchel over his shoulder , containing magical plants , medicinal plants , bits of wild cat , black candles , a powder derived chiefly from the skin of a certain dried fish , a dead centipede , a half .. bottle of chivas regal , ten rothmans , and a copy of what 's on in haiti .
he had a satchel over his shoulder , containing magical plants , medicinal plants , bits of wild cat , black candles , a powder derived chiefly from the skin of a certain dried fish , a dead centipede , a half .. bottle of chivas regal , ten rothmans , and a copy of what 's on in haiti .
they were in the conservatory , watering the plants .
first portia would water a plant , directing the flow of the water toward the soil at the base of the plant , avoiding the leaves and the blossoms .
first portia would water a plant , directing the flow of the water toward the soil at the base of the plant , avoiding the leaves and the blossoms .
as her mother finished with each plant , ingress would water it with her tiny watering can .
and there was the place by the window , where his desk had once been , which was now occupied by a gray cluster of filing cabinets and a yucca plant .
there was even a large green plant , with huge waxy leaves , of the kind that looks artificial but is n't .
there was a very old black man , a hotel employee , who would walk across the courtyard each day with almost painful slowness and water the plants and inspect the fish .
pious dundas was polishing the leaves of the plants .
deel plowed it under and tom helped deel plant peas and beans for the fall crop , some hills of yellow crookneck squash , and a few mounds of watermelon and cantaloupe seed .
at a distance , the creatures looked like so many frogs , flitting to and fro , but as they grew closer they seemed very much like human beings , save that their skin was green and their clothes , though fine and flowing , were clearly woven of seaweeds and other underwater plants .
they ran around cackling and pecking the partridges , the potted plants and the three trees .
he would go to my apartment , check on things , water my plants .
he began to see palmettos among the loblolly pines and pin oaks , and spiky plants he did n't recognize .
the path turned quickly out of the trees and opened onto a truly splendid wide - open vista : a series of very wide terraces falling away from them down a sloping hillside , each full of water and faintly green with the earliest sprouting of rice plants , though surely the season was too early .
a spider dropped from a jasmine plant onto the fly guy 's shoulder .
bringing your stuff is a couple of carrier bags filled with laundry , some playstation games and a spider plant .
it was discovered by the spanish around 1500 , an uninhabited volcanic hill teeming with animal life , not to mention a multiplicity of plants .
when the aliens had first came to our planet through inter - world portals and war had erupted , animals and plants had nearly been decimated .
the smell of plants and dirt wafted to my nose .
out the window , she saw a large porch that opened onto a deserted beach - not the pristine , well - kept kind you saw at resorts , but the type you might find on a real deserted island - a rough , unkempt beach , littered with coconuts , tree bark , tropical plants , and here and there , dead fish that had washed up from last night 's violent rain and high tide .
the people are running , fleeing a darkness descending from the sky - a blanket of ashes that suffocates them and kills the plant life .
it 's just before noon , and the sun hangs high in the sky , bathing the white wicker furniture and the plants placed around the solarium with light .
then he trundles off to tend to the other drunks , like a gardener pruning a row of wilted plants .
more like plants .
they take sunlight and convert it to energy the way a plant does . ''
` ` but if they need sunlight , like a plant '' -jason swiveled to face her , his face scrunched up with concentration- '' how do they survive down here in the dark ? ''
` ` so the second fungus uses the glowed energy from the first , like a plant uses sunlight .
without it , the plants would die .
and a wide plowed meadow where fields of grainlike quinoa alternated with rows of corn , chili pepper plants , beans , and squash .
still , one of the men passed sam a few leaves of a coca plant .
the shafts of the plants were beaten flat by the rotor 's wash . maggie followed .
in a corner were four carefully tended bonsai plants .
bare - chested and shoeless , the man fell to his knees among rows of sprouting cassava plants .
nathan rand was on his way back to the yanomamo village after an early morning of gathering medicinal plants when he heard her screams .
the same plant the tribal shaman burned to revive the girl back at the village .
act two under the canopy periwinkle family : apocynaceae genus : vinca species : minor , major common names : periwinkle , cezayirmeneksesi , common periwinkle , vincapervinc parts used : whole plant properties / actions : analgesic , antibacterial , antimicrobial , antiinflammatory , astringent , cardiotonic , carminative , depurative , diuretic , emmenagogue , febrifuge , hemostat , hypotensive , lactogogue , hepatoprotective , sedative , sialogogue , spasmolytic , stomachic , tonic , vulnerary four wauwai august 7 , 8:12 a.m. en route over the amazon jungle nathan stared out the helicopter 's windows .
what with the wealth of the forest readily available - from various fruits and berries to roots and edible plants to abundant game and fish - there was little need to haul additional food .
` ` and from the rate of decay , this was torn from the living plant around two weeks ago . ''
we 're losing over a hundred species of plants and animals every single day .
after eight years of commercial logging in the rain forests of indonesia , the rate of recovery of both native plants and animals far exceeded expectations .
when dominant species are removed by either logging or burning , it allows for the growth of what are termed ' suppressed species , ' the smaller shrubs and plants .
and it is in fact these very plants that are of the most medicinal value .
but the plant that generated this life - saving drug is now extinct in madagascar .
every plant has the potential to cure .
what rare plant could hold the cure to aids ?
currently three - quarters of all anticancer drugs in use today are derived from rain forest plants .
so why not one plant that does the opposite - one that causes cancer ? ''
` ` it 's unusual to find so many plants . ''
i saw a few avocado trees and stumpy pineapple plants in the same area . ''
bushes and low plants covered the forest floor , unnaturally dense .
seventy percent of aids drugs are derived from tropical plants .
` ` it 's just one of the many ways rain forest plants have adapted to animals or insects .
and such relationships were n't limited to insect and plant .
it was the same medicinal plant that kouwe had used to treat her blistered fingers when she had touched the fire liana vine .
` ` as a botanist , i recognize most of the plants around here . ''
he crossed to another plant , a fernlike bush that towered twice his height .
glossopterids , lycopods , podocarp conifers ... '' he pointed out the strange plants .
the number of prehistoric plants began to outnumber the modern - day counterparts .
half artificial , half growing plant .
the nuts did look a bit like those found on a modern cat 's claw plant , but this was a much more ancient specimen .
` ` i know fifteen different plant species with hemostatic properties , but nothing of this caliber . ''
in turn , the ants savagely protected their home against the intrusion of plants and animals .
manny went on , ` ` what we have here is a symbiosis between plant life and animal , both evolved into a complex shared interrelationship .
among the tribes , even a good man could be killed for breaking a taboo - one could even be honored by being turned into plant fertilizer .
` ` if there 's a way out , '' nate said , ` ` we 'll collect as many plant specimens as time allows .
` ` considering the setup in this valley - mutated species , regenerating limbs , humans enslaved in service to a plant - i would n't put anything beyond this tree 's abilities . ''
` ` this tree traces its roots back to the paleozoic era , when the land was just plants .
was there indeed some communication between plant and human ?
nate had seen other amazonian plants demonstrate a response to stimulation : leaves curling if touched , puff pods exploding if brushed , flowers closing if disturbed .
the little cubbies reminded nate of nitrogen bulbs , seen among root balls of many plants , that served as storage fertilizing sites .
the giant tree above must be but a tiny fraction of the plant 's true mass .
flowering plants , strategically placed , added to the beauty , as did the manicured beds of water lilies along both shorelines .
with a jarring bump , the helicopter 's skids struck the rocky soil , crushing a row of plants .
botanist hugo de vries 's 1901 diary on plant mutations .
the doorman tapped his cigarette into the plant 's pot and stepped toward gray with a sour expression .
the chlorophyll in plants disappeared , turning the plants white .
the chlorophyll in plants disappeared , turning the plants white .
stepped shelves climbed one windowed side , crowded with a mix of specimen plants , some looking like weeds .
a biologic term for an organism with genetic material from more than one species , whether from grafting like in plants or insertion of foreign cells into an embryo . ''
it was a journey that would last twenty - four years and bring forth stories of the exotic lands that lay to the east of the known world : wondrous tales of endless deserts and jade - rich rivers , of teeming cities and vast sailing fleets , of black stones that burned and money made of paper , of impossible beasts and bizarre plants , of cannibals and mystic shamans .
at his elbow , a table lamp illuminated the cramped space , decorated in the typical cookie - cutter manner : months - old magazines , generic watercolors , an anemic potted ficus plant , and a dark wall - mounted television .
they were also unique in that they were photosynthetic , like plants , able to produce their own food from sunlight .
if fact , most scientists considered cyanobacteria to be the ancestor of modern plants .
they were instrumental to evolution , being the predecessors of modern plants .
they were the precursors to modern plants .
precursors to modern plants .
the young man had a master 's degree in plant molecular biology and was working toward his doctorate , but he went to mali mostly to serve as the senator 's eyes and ears on the project over there . ''
most genetic modifications were engineered via bacterial recombination and gene splicing , taking beneficial traits of certain bacteria and incorporating them into the plant genome .
one of the earliest successes was when genes from bacillus thuringiensis were inserted into tobacco plants .
they made the plants more insect resistant , requiring the use of less insecticide in the fields .
and we know it was the druids who killed him , as the man 's stomach was filled with mistletoe , a plant sacred to the celtic priests . ''
` ` to starve any animal that eats the infected plant . ''
this organism has evolved alongside its host plants over eons .
lisa had tried explaining to painter that the antifungal compound was derived from a genus of lichen found only in sub - saharan africa , that its chemical structure attacked a unique sterol found only in fungal cell membranes , making it both effective and safe for treating both mammals and plants .
according to professor kanosh , the native american tribes had been secretive about the geothermal valley , but the expedition had bushels of trinkets and coins to ply indians for any information about unique natural features : plants , animals , geology .
maybe i 'd better water your plants anyway .
i ' m going to water your plants on the way to my appointment .
except the story of a plant that sustains life is not limited to the bible .
in the ancient epic of gilgamesh , the hero of that story hunts for the plant of life , a plant that grants immortality . ''
in the ancient epic of gilgamesh , the hero of that story hunts for the plant of life , a plant that grants immortality . ''
` ` in the ancient hindu vedic scriptures , they describe a plant called soma , with the same properties .
he moved next to a plate of egyptian art , showing a falcon - headed god plucking leaves from a tall plant .
in the epic of gilgamesh , the adventuring king discovers the plant he seeks had been drowned away .
in both those stories and many others , this life - sustaining plant is destroyed by a great flood . ''
` ` once genetic science advanced enough to let us decode that third strand , we determined it was actually a viral protein - from a plant virus .
it infected human cells after someone ate that plant .
a side effect of this virus leaping from plant to animal was that it stabilized cells , staved off cellular degeneration , and extended the life spans of the infected dramatically . ''
` ` apparently , someone had the foresight to stockpile some of the plants , drying them out like tea leaves .
in the center of the penthouse stood a glass - walled atrium open to the sky above , holding a fountain , along with a riotous spread of plants and flowers , all surrounding a fishpond with floating lilies .
snake plant and devil 's ivy - staples of first - generation air recycling - decorated the wall and freestanding columns .
daddy said it was just what sunlight looked like on earth , and mei pictured that planet as a huge complicated network of plants and hallways with the sun running in lines above them in a bright blue ceiling - sky , and you could climb over the walls and end up anywhere .
mei leaned her head on doctor strickland 's shoulder , looking over his back and naming each plant as they passed .
even with the mirrors , most terrestrial plants would have died , starved of sunlight .
the small , fragile plant came up in his hands .
` ` she 's fine , '' he told the plant beside him .
the way some plants advertised their poisons by bright foliage , the security center advertised its impregnability .
the last two days , there had n't been anything left in his personal storage , but a few of the ornamental plants in the parkways were edible .
and if they could n't get the right water to the plants , he could n't imagine they 'd be able to set all the mechanical air recyclers going .
people had started trying prax 's strategy , grazing off the plants in the parks and hydroponics .
the soybean plant had stopped growing but did n't fade , which was an interesting datapoint , or would have been .
the vital , oxygen - producing plants that lined the corridor walls were turning an unhealthy shade of yellow .
the lighting was a thin spectrum shifted toward pink that would have killed any plants living under it in about three days .
the plants that were n't dead were dying , and the air was getting the stale taste at the back of his throat that meant the emergency recyclers would be coming on soon .
the rich aroma of plants and soil she would expect in a garden dome .
only here on earth , where food grew on its own , where air was just a by - product of random untended plants , where resources lay thick on the ground , could a person actually choose not to do anything at all .
to survive , the plant had to embrace the unsurvivable .
there were plants everywhere , but for the most part they seemed decorative .
it was something common to some species of crop plant : an ill or suffering plant could be moved into a community of well members of the species and , through proximity , improve , even if soil and water were supplied separately .
it was something common to some species of crop plant : an ill or suffering plant could be moved into a community of well members of the species and , through proximity , improve , even if soil and water were supplied separately .
they came to a place in the floor that was covered in what looked like cilia or plant stalks , gently rippling in a nonexistent wind .
the inner walls of the rotating drum curved up in the distance , coriolis effect masquerading as mass , metal ribbing and plates pretending to be substrate , just waiting for soil and plants and farm animals .
chapter forty - nine : anna a nna returned to consciousness floating in a tangled knot with okju the camera operator , two office chairs , and a potted ficus plant .
something that felt like ground - cover plants .
` ` josh , you collect a plant that looks healthy in this zone .
together they stepped into the shadowy fields and crouched beside a patch of tall , thin plants , each stalk crowned by black petals .
lisa grabbed the base of one of the diseased plants and tugged it free of the soil , roots and all .
on the opposite side was a black pile of dust - debris from one of the dead plants .
we burned an infected plant to a fine ash - and at first it seemed to work , but after it cooled , it remained just as infectious .
animal , plant , fungus .
as his nasal passages continued to thaw , he also smelled the cedar scents from the wall planks , another psychological trick to mitigate for the lack of plants and greenery .
these islands in the sky , isolated for ages , were home to species found only atop their summits , animals and plants unique unto themselves .
such plants were the foot soldiers in an evolutionary war up here , evolving distinctive survival strategies to compensate for the lack of nutrients and scarce soil found atop these tepuis , becoming carnivorous in order to live .
and it was n't just sundews , but also bladderworts , pitcher plants , even some bromeliad species had developed a taste for insects on this island in the sky .
then somebody got to him , or maybe he was a plant all along .
` ` to reintroduce keystone species - animals and plants that have the most impact on the environment . ''
harrington lifted the writhing plant .
while she was n't intimately familiar with all rain forest life , some of the plants and animals appeared otherworldly .
the plant flinched from her touch , curling its leaves and rolling all its stems into a tight ball .
someone - humanoid , maybe even human - hunched down , half hidden by a lush stand of ornamental plants half a meter wide and two meters tall .
he reached the edge of the stand of plants and leveled his blaster at the hooded figure 's head .
and those teeth are for grinding plants , not animals .
now they were patched up , repainted , and decorated with atmosphere - renewing plants and video screens of the ring space around the ship .
the plant analogs - she could n't really call them plants - lifted up above the dry , beige soil , straining toward the sunlight .
the plant analogs - she could n't really call them plants - lifted up above the dry , beige soil , straining toward the sunlight .
` ` i only meant that if we were doing this right , we 'd have a protected , sterile environment and we would n't be going out into the ruins or cultivating crop plants in the open air because - '' ` ` because you think we did it wrong , '' the man sitting at lucia 's side said .
then the little plant analogs in the plain behind her hut would fold their photosynthetic surfaces into tight puckers like tiny green mouths that had tasted lemon , and twenty minutes later the town and the ruins and the sky would all disappear in a wave of dry sand .
hardpan dirt , with small shrublike plants .
one of the plant analogs beside the path leading back to the town let out a volley of rising clicks .
samples of three different plant analog species .
where there had been a few tough , ropy plants , months of foot traffic had made paths , and elvi followed them as easily in the near - darkness as she would have in the day .
they built wide corridors with lots of green space down the middle for plants . ''
my wife planted an herb garden , some flowers , a few hot pepper plants .
` ` like plants ?
even before holden 's test results came back , she was prying what information she could from the samples of the organism , categorizing it only to find analogies with other plants or animals or fungi .
consider the seed of a lotus plant .
potted plants of various sizes served to further soften the atmosphere .
the plants that sprout will scrub the air and eradicate the plague . ''
but my lifelong love is what now surrounds us : a fresh breeze , wild plants thriving , rushing rivers , the sun and moon and stars . ''
my breath makes plants grow . ''
in the notes , he shared details about his dealings with dragons : cutting skin tumors out of the slimy hide of a long , slender dragon ; studying a rare dragon that lived underwater and used dense clouds of ink to confuse her prey ; rescuing a team of magical plant experts from a small but ferocious dragon that spun webs like a spider .
to kendra , torina came across like an alluring tropical plant poised to devour unsuspecting insects .
behind them , vapor hung above the foul , unfrozen water , where slime , moss , and tall weedy plants thrived in defiance of winter .
fairies flitted among the vegetation , driving back the snow and keeping the plants unseasonably fruitful .
i mean , i ' m better with plants .
he swerved to avoid some thorny , flowering plants .
seth saw thorny vines curling around the golem 's ankles , and the green heads of carnivorous plants striking at his shins .
` ` the little nippers cultivated all sorts of venomous plants around the outskirts of their territory . ''
the aggressive plants continued lashing and squirming and biting , but hugo strode forward heedless of the onslaught .
` ` we 're their supreme gigantic overlords , and they tried to lock us out with predatory plants and carnivorous slime . ''
` ` poisonous plants were not exactly the welcome we expected . ''
` ` in the plants ? ''
we should spread it among ourselves , then share just a little with the plants . ''
they desiccated a few potted plants on the deck before flitting away .
climbing plants had invaded the gray walls , and heavy green shutters shielded the windows .
the only plant in the rocky valley was a gnarled tree beside the lake of tar .
large potted plants crowded the shadowy porch .
paths of white stones meandered among flower beds , hedgerows , vegetable gardens , fruit trees , and flowering plants .
behind the plants lay a large pie tin full of milk where a crowd of hummingbirds were feeding .
a ceramic pot lay in pieces around a pile of soil and the remnants of a plant .
aside from the pumpkins and plants , the glass structure contained a generator to power the lights and the climate control .
her manure is the finest fertilizer in the world , coaxing plants to mature much more quickly than usual and sometimes to reach incredible proportions .
by the power of her dung we can reap multiple harvests from a field in a season , and many tropical plants flourish on this property that would otherwise perish .
some of the fairies began rummaging in nearby plants .
` ` plants ? ''
many plants . ''
` ` i seemed to make plants appear , '' shallan said .
one of the sailors saw the deck turn green , but it vanished when i stopped thinking about the plants . ''
spheres lit the chasm floor around them , with its vines , debris , and blooming plants .
when it stopped , light crept upward from it , like small plants growing or climbing from their burrows .
she 'd let her plant be sullen instead .
they were hauling rockbuds harvested on one of the nearby plateaus , plants which had been encouraged to grow quickly by use of stormlight - infused gems .
paper made from local plants , not human paper .
soon , though still in her teenage years , she 'd been leading entire expeditions to find new rivers , new ruins , new spren , new plants .
` ` how does this plant survive ? ''
shallan sighed , but turned her attention back to the plants .
they brushed the plants she 'd named crustspines , with their branches like tubes of sandstone .
` ` that 's why the plant 's limbs are so fragile .
shallan sighed , lowering her finger and putting the tiny plant back in the cup she 'd been using to nurture it .
` ` more of that plant ? ''
she quieted her nerves and forced herself to do some sketches of nearby plants .
and there were far fewer plants , though they were more robust .
she stared at that image as the wagon bumped over rocks and plants .
` ` draw plants , '' helaran said , ` ` and animals .
` ` it might cover our tracks , blowing away the shells of the plants we crush . ''
they came out in force after a storm , when plants unfolded to lap up the water .
often after a storm , plants would unfold to glut themselves on the water even if insects decided to chew them .
more and more she longed to escape and visit places where the plants were n't carefully trimmed into shapes , where people did n't step lightly , as if afraid of causing a rockslide .
the hills grew steeper , but the air a little warmer , and plant life was more prevalent .
` ` plants , '' shallan said .
` ` tyn , it 's plants . ''
it was almost like a garden , though the plants were obviously wild rather than cultivated .
shallan breathed in the wonderful humidity as the plants relaxed .
she had n't realized how much she 'd missed the variety of beautiful plants .
the plants retracted again as someone moved through them .
he nodded and walked , frightening the plants again as he retreated .
` ` stop frightening my plants , vathah , '' shallan said .
the enormous sheet of darkness mingled debris with rain , a banner of water , rock , dust , and fallen plants .
` ` they 're talking about plants , '' shallan said .
` ` plants , '' balat said flatly .
yes , plants .
` ` a plant , the leaves at least .
she did n't even want to know how wikim could recognize a deadly plant like this .
he did n't pass many people , so his only companions were the bridgemen - well , those and a legion of cremlings that had emerged to feast upon plants that lapped at water in pools .
why did plants spend so much more time in their shells out here than they did back home ?
puddles still lingered in low spots from the previous day 's highstorm , fat with crem for the plants to feast upon .
some reeds produced flowers to entice cremlings , which would feast upon the petals and in so doing rub themselves with spores that would give rise to the next generation , once mixed with the spores of other plants .
shallan smiled at the wonderful surroundings , the light rainfall , the beautiful plant life .
wherever sheltered from the wind , plants would find purchase and start to grow .
for now , plants grew eagerly , sometimes atop one another , sprouting , blossoming , shaking , twisting , alive .
the dart pinned a cremling to one of the plant stems .
requires a strain of plant that does n't grow as large as you 're accustomed to . ''
the tiny glowing specks of green light drifted through the chasm toward an entire wall of fist - size tube plants with little feelers wiggling out the top .
he looked up at the wall of tube plants .
the chasm plants withdrew in large waves .
these were the opposite of those in the gardens back home , where the plants had been sheltered for so long .
she needed a bit of one so that when they got back , she could grow a plant for experimentation .
they walked in silence for a moment , passing plants in bloom with a shockingly well - preserved skeleton underneath them , somehow barely disturbed by the flowing of water in the chasm .
bones , twigs , shell , and plants cracked and snapped .
it illuminated broken frillblooms on the walls and several writhing vines on the ground , severed from their plants .
as another claw crashed toward him , kaladin got to his feet and dashed away - running farther down the corridor , farther from the light , passing plants and flotsam .
all around , plants withdrew , vines twisting and pulling tight , rockbuds closing , frillblooms folding away .
jushu lounged on a chair nearby , rubbing some kind of plant between his fingers , his face distant .
the dirty water was filled with branches , broken plants , vines ripped from their mountings .
there was a mesmerizing pattern to it , surging with broken plants and leaves .
a nice plant , maybe , or a new hat .
* * * dalinar kicked gallant into motion , tearing across the landscape , startling plants into their dens .
this newer area of the building was less like a kindergarten , more like a dentist 's office , with individual rooms along a hallway decorated in tans with fake plants beside doorways .
mrs . maheras had finished pruning and was now inspecting her tomato plants , pulling off bugs , pulling weeds .
she turned back to her plants .
` ` do you see any plant life ?
another curtain hung over a doorway on the far wall , alongside an old mirror and a standing sink that was overgrown with a potted plant .
there 's a lake that looks like it stretches right down the middle of the city , almost from end to end , and i see little boats in it , and so many trees and plants , and i think ... to the north , beyond the houses , i think they 're growing crops of some sort .
sedge weeds and other towering plants became prevalent .
in no instance did the observer stray more than a foot or two from a particular plant , and at no point , either , did the observer pull back to provide a glimpse of base camp or their own life .
even the plant life .
virtually every plant and a fair number of the birds and animals are either narcotic , or poisonous , or both .
their jungles abound with various plants with strange properties , and the snake - people are daring experimenters .
there are even some ordinary plants that are a part of everybody 's diet that have poisonous leaves on them .
` ` i have quite a way with plants sometimes .
` ` all right , '' belgarath said to the plants , ` ` that 's far enough .
the east wing of the palace was set somewhat apart from the rest of the buildings in the complex and it embraced a kind of enclosed courtyard or atrium that was green with exotic flowering plants growing about a mirror - like pool at its center .
` ` there 's a certain plant that grows wild in the marshes of camat .
i did n't mind so much when sadi was making a few officials feel good and act foolish , but he 's importing this plant into the city by the wagon load and spreading it around through the work force -and the army .
iv ) now , as has been told , in the earliest of days the gods created the world and filled it with all manner of beasts and fowls and plants .
` ` i know of a certain plant , though .
it 's a very reliable plant .
` ` do all those priests who worship your sister plant crops of any kind near the temple ? ''
when she reached the land mass on the western side of the empty sea , she saw no signs of plants of any kind .
they drifted on farther to the south and saw that the people of that area ate roots and berries and other forms of plant life as well as animal flesh .
` ` that pretty much chokes out any late - coming plants .
` ` and the poison from plants is n't nearly as deadly as the spores from certain mushrooms .
since there were no plants down in the gorge , the ashes were almost certainly all that was left of hundreds - or even thousands - of bug - people .
we ' ve always permitted the creatures - and plants , for that matter - to develop and grow as their innate nature and their surroundings dictate .
a year without a summer would kill too many plants and animals , and plants and animals are as dear to him as people are .
a year without a summer would kill too many plants and animals , and plants and animals are as dear to him as people are .
` ` are the leaves of that plant over there fit to eat ? ''
we got past a divider wall to a small alcove that had a couple of dead potted plants in it .
when you start a garden and nurture the seedlings into strong plants that will bear fruit and feed you ... you become attached .
` ` some plants need a lot of sun .
i haff to arrange da plants so dey can help each udder . ''
enough for the peoples and the plants . ''
i made sure he was covered with plant material and then went to stand by the tree that kept us hidden from view .
luckily , the snake had somewhere to be and ignored both of us in favor of finding cover under a nearby clump of plants .
i threw the sand and bits of plant into his face , taking the few precious seconds i 'd gained of him being blind to punch him in the throat and then kick him hard in the nuts .
it looked like a small marble or plant seed pod or something , stuck to what little fur he had left after peter 's haircut .
i tried to pull it off but almost immediately realized it was n't plant matter fixed to his forehead .
patches of water were mixed in with areas of small mounds of grasses and plants , and the entire bay - like area was ringed with cypress islands held together by their tangled webs of roots .
it 's an encyclopedia of natural remedies that you can make using herbs and plants and stuff from the things growing in south florida . ''
i put buster 's bag down on the ground and he ran out of it , dancing around a few seconds before going to lift his leg on a nearby plant .
the green glow of sarah 's netscreen lit the way as they scurried through a spooky world of cubicles and desks and potted plants - the employees had long since evacuated .
chapter 20 : plant and trigger he floated in emptiness , completely unaware of time passing , barely aware of anything at all .
meera had drawn the broken arrow from his leg and rubbed the wound with the juice of some plants she found growing around the base of the tower .
on the road from yunkai , daario had brought her a flower or a sprig of some plant every evening when he made his report ... to help her learn the land , he said .
` ` plant , '' said jaime , ` ` and pray for one last harvest . ''
no man in castle black knew the woods as well as dywen did , the trees and streams , the plants that could be eaten , the ways of predator and prey .
remember that time when john asked you to be in charge of watering the plants outside our door ? ''
when i look around the lobby , i notice all sorts of virtual numbers and words - the green bulbous plant in the corner has water : +1 hovering over it , while clean : +1 floats above a dark , half - circle side table .
he gestures toward the plants .
` ` do you see the words water - plus one hovering over that plant ? ''
` ` if you decided to water that plant , for example , you would receive one point for doing so .
the plant that eden had once brought home is still sitting in the corner , although now it 's dead , its leaves and vines black and shriveled .
there were plants poking up everywhere .
she hummed and whistled , listening to the shape of her surroundings , all long sharp edges and regular curves , nothing growing but bits of algae and the broken stems of water plants struggling to reach the surface before being slashed away or uprooted .
he reaches out to grab a sturdy - looking plant by the side of the path to try to rise once more - and pulls his hand back immediately when short spikes prick his fingers .
it 's not a regular plant at all .
he has a fleeting , almost casual thought , about how there is so much plant life in this place , all these weeds and ridiculous grasses , all growing completely out of control and unchecked , like down here in this really quite huge hole .
there were wild plants , and this seemed for all intents and purposes to be england , so why would n't there be foxes ?
there were no other tracks in the dirt , no plants broken , no paths cleared .
` ` tommy , wait , '' regine says as they near the front path of a dark brick house , hidden behind the same shadows of wild plants and mud .
floor 's dirt , swamp plants growing in it now , vines and suchlike , but nothing else .
and there are a buncha trees just like it , a whole line of 'em , in fact , on either side of a great ditch gouged outta the swamp , now filled with water but piled - up dirt and burnt plants all around it show that 's it got ta be a new thing , like someone came thru here and dug it up in one fiery swoop .
manchee , who do n't seem to ever get tired , is busy running around , lifting his leg on all the plants that have grown up thru the cracked floorboards .
on we go , on we go , up hills , grabbing onto plants sometimes to pull myself up , and down hills , holding on to rocks to keep my balance now and then , the scent keeping well clear of anywhere easy it might be to walk , like the flatter parts down by the road or riverbank , and i ' m coughing and sometimes stumbling and as the sun starts to show itself there comes a time when i ca n't , when i just ca n't , when my legs crumple beneath me and i have to sit down .
for a second i think the army 's been here but then i see plants growing up in the burnt - out buildings and no smoke is rising from any fire and the wind just blows thru it like only the dead live here .
there are roots , too , hanging down from the rocks above , belonging to who knows what kinda plant .
` ` native plant with a natural neurochemical mixed with a few things we could synthesize and there you go .
` ` after the spackle sadly left us , there was no more need and so i burnt every last pill , every last plant that the pills were made from , and then i blew up the processing lab and blamed it on the answer . ''
for the time being , his subsistence would have to come from plants .
from his time with the pawnee , glass possessed a broad familiarity with the plants of the plains .
cattails continued to be plentiful , and glass found a variety of other plants that he knew to be edible - onions , dandelions , even willow leaves .
basically , i was the mission 's fix - it man who played with plants .
martian soil has the basic building blocks needed for plant growth , but there 's a lot of stuff going on in earth soil that mars soil does n't have , even when it 's placed in an earth - atmosphere and given plenty of water .
one of my tasks for the mission was to see how plants grow here , in various combinations of earth or mars soil and atmosphere .
that 's why i have a small amount of earth soil and a bunch of plant seeds with me .
they 're the most rugged and easily grown plants on earth , so nasa picked them as the test subjects .
within a week , the martian soil will be ready for plants to germinate in .
my master 's degree in botany makes me pretty sure plants need wet dirt to grow in .
for starters , i can give attention to each individual plant .
also , as their flowering bodies breach the surface , i can replant them deeper , then plant younger plants above them .
for normal potato farmers , it 's not worth doing because they 're working with literally millions of potato plants .
by setting the hab temperature to a balmy 25.5c , the plants will grow quicker .
the potato plants wo n't like the plan .
first , bag the potato plants and bring them to the rover ( make sure it keeps the damn heater on ) .
i bagged the potato plants , and got a chance to check up on them while i was at it .
i ' m sure i can at least grow some plants without fucking up .
all i wanted was enough to support growing new plants .
i dug them up , being careful to leave their plants alive .
there was still co2 , so the plants had n't suffocated without me exhaling for them .
beck tried not to think about the painful reason he was doing zero - g plant growth experiments .
it 's awesome to have a bunch of dipshits on earth telling me , a botanist , how to grow plants .
i now have 400 healthy potato plants , each one making lots of calorie - filled taters for my dining enjoyment .
the plants use it , i use it .
if need be , i can piss on the plants directly .
everything 's covered in soil and mangled potato plants .
i 'll never grow another plant so long i ' m here .
i had 400 plants , probably averaging 5 potatoes each : 2000 taters .
it used to be the casino itself , and was mostly one big room full of slot machines and fake plants .
a plant from the enemy !
a plant !
-she would show various photos of pollens removed from the shroud , ninety percent of which came from the middle east , some from plants which had become extinct .
ashes mend acknowledgments about the author prologue the mother wolf knew little about plants , but what she did know was fatal .
he promised that , in exchange for their gift of power and strength , he would never eat another creature again ; no , he and his children would feed only on plants .
it was nt the plants she saw before her eyes now ; it was leron .
a wolf like leron would never imagine that a plant could defeat him at his own game , under his own terms .
she began pounding the plants into a poultice , spicy - scented juices staining the herb - boulder dark ( tir wrinkled his nose at the scent ) .
someone had limped down into her hollow , and she was moving amongst her herb - boulders now , collecting the plants she would need .
have you stored away any plants that are nt poisonous ?
he looked around the frozen clearing , but the only plant to be seen was the hunched form of a dark yew tree , blood - red berries bobbing in the wind .
the man - made nuclear bombs piss off mother nature who in turn creates devastatingly earthquakes on the west coast of california , oregon , and washington separating the dirt from earth , plummeting the geographical land , people , plants , and animals forever into the pacific ocean .
the soil produces some of the finest crop fields of cotton , indian corn , hay , vegetables , and unlimited flower floral vines , and grassy plants .
after three nuclear wars between the fighting usa and the lost foreign countries of the world along with mother nature plus lots of poor timing , the birmingham rich mountain soil flies off and out into the gulf of mexico waters as the storm rain drowns the vegetables rotten to the core under too abundant flood waters while the too hot intense sunlight kills the native floral and fruit plants .
he finger points at the plant on the left of them .
not eat , honeysuckles can be sucked by pulling the flower stem leaking with honey juice then lick the plant stick you re your tongue .
the west wall misses the set of cherry wooden wall panels , exposing a teens eyeballs , nose holes , and eardrums to the buildings roof tiles , bright warm sunshine , broken white concrete mortars , red clay bricks , an overgrowth of greenery wildflowers , sweet smelling vines of wild fruit plants and colorful garden flowers and sounds of insects and small rodents .
you can stomp any garden and forest plants to your destination .
plants , berries , and vines are nt poisonous to your biological bodies , and can prevent foodif needed .
they weave their webs between plant bushes and flower stems to catch flying and crawling insects but basically are a nuisance for woodland travelers like taffy .
hundreds of roses beautifully view in eye balls , and sweetly sweet in nose holes from lilac dog roses to orange , yellow , and white small cabbage roses , and pink , red , crimson , and mauve garden roses which are really thorny plants used as an excellent perimeter defense for any lawn or yard area from trespassers of the human - kind or mammal - kind .
butterflies are attracted by salt within the human sweat for sodium , feeding on nectar from the flowers for sugar , sipping water from the damp patches of honeysuckle leaves , and pollinating any entire species of plants throughout the globe .
taffy tosses her arms into the air then two - steps to the east around three set of oak trees then green moss bed and one green plant bush then she stops and stands as rusk announces and finger points with his hand to the east .
folks plant rose flowers under windows , at doors , and around dirt spots of their home to defend against pesky wandering critters like opossums and rabbits invading the fresh grown garden vegetables plants and fruit trees .
folks plant rose flowers under windows , at doors , and around dirt spots of their home to defend against pesky wandering critters like opossums and rabbits invading the fresh grown garden vegetables plants and fruit trees .
baycliff sees the tall blonde bronze male , ducking his skull below the large plant bushes then peeks his eyeballs over the thick plant leaves , viewing a tall blonde bronze male which guesses if it is lion ?
baycliff sees the tall blonde bronze male , ducking his skull below the large plant bushes then peeks his eyeballs over the thick plant leaves , viewing a tall blonde bronze male which guesses if it is lion ?
and heavy ground cover used for erosion control to protect plant roots from freezing in wintertime and conserve moisture in summertime .
the dead bodies are good manure for the plants .
outside the skinlike on your finger ( touches her ring finger ) it washes off with any wet substance like water , milk , fruit juice , rain , plant juice and suck .
pemona of five feet , nine inches skinny model frame with small breasts and slender hips , long straight brown hair , cornflower blue eyes , heart shaped face with duck shaped lips , ugly plants hypo needle into her arm .
the fire inferno destroyed everything in its flaming path , including people , livestock , wild animals , plant vegetation , crop soil , huge mountains , low valleys , and populated cities .
so , the best and the brightest men and women scientists were commissioned by a newly formed united earth government to construct and enclose humans , animals , plants , vegetation , and other minor species into many , many clear solar - enhanced sun - absorbing super - structures called biospheres or domes , a shorten term .
an ecosphere is a farm with livestock , plants , wild life , and the most important commodity crops for food .
one tiny crack in a dome permanently can cause both , disaster and death to humans , animals , and plants .
the 2028 ozone crisis has helped escalate the crop growth from nine months out of the year to twelve for the newly built city - state biospheres , housing people , plants , and animals , an adjusted life style on planet earth .
the numerous software applications control oxygen , sunlight , water supply , rain , and the outer defense mechanics from any outdoor threats of electrical thunder storms or falling outer space atmospheric debris , and last , but not least , basically and vitally , all the lives of every person , plant , and animal .
every person , animal , and plant needs to rest , sleep , and re - generate .
the sphere can maneuver around trees , plants , houses , barns , and animals , without damage to the outer shell , since the silver steel plating covers and protects the inner wires and cables .
the protective solar shielding burns the weeds as soon as the plants foliage hits the heated and hot surface , not the underground root system .
thus , the natural phenomenon is attacking all the life forms of humans , plants , and animals on earth , since her protector , mother nature has given up on the greedy natives .
dang , whispering for the dead plants , leaves , trees , and bushes .
an eighteen - foot vertical wall is nicely composed of ugly dead brown plants which have lovingly fossilized onto the weathered front porch which are made of smelly rotting wood .
my nostrils sniff the perfumed rose plants , while my body and mind is far , far away from the noisy crowds , the vendor booths , and one angry rita .
the presence of alive gardens in pink , red , purple , blue , and yellow colors of both flowers and vines with a set of nice aesthetic smells of living plants and small animals , such as doves , pigeons , squirrels , and rabbits .
i have used my conventional farm training to explain away the dead plants and missing wildlife .
i never connected the tele link to the people , animals , soil , vegetation , plants or crops .
i desire never , ever absoultootly use one against a living and breathing rude person , a scared animal or an innocent plant life .
the pretty red waves have beautifully destroyed the flora garden of roses , tulips , daisies , tall green fern plants , shaded overgrown old trees , and funny animal shaped bushes .
forty percent of resort has been destroyed along with trees , land masses , numerous sea ports , fishing sites , hotels , casinos , plant , animal , and citizens .
it shines a piercing whit beam over all the pretty flowers , flat rocks , and new plants , displaying a glittering color of hot pink , flaring red , burning yellow , fiery blue , and burnt orange , a beautiful sight to behold .
citizens , animals , and plants are totally destroyed by an instant burn wave directly hitting the ground , which is contaminated from the atmospheres radiation poisoning .
i miss my farm of plants , flowers , bushes , trees , animals , and family members on earth .
we investigate the structure which is thirteen - miles northeast of us , first , then we will scout for animals and plants , second .
starra , i need specimens of soil , animal , and plants , since you re the farmer , here .
i lift the 95 % full first dirt sample , rumbling in my flute soprano , smiling , plant sample .
bonita is not killing the trees , plants , and animals like an angry mother nature is on our home , planet earth .
the teles are using bonitas energy charge from the natural trees , plants , and soil to enhance their tele gifts , but kill the planet gets its revenge by tying their life forms to the wealth of natural resources .
i wear my black jumpsuit which is covered in bug dookie and plant crap riding around on the earth - bike along the dry trail towards the warehouse and then to the bonita castle .
i walk the beautiful colorful nice smelly gardens , consisting of rainbow flowers , manicured grass , short plants , and tall trees along with fresh cut green hay that makes me homesick for my own plantation on earth .
i see , feel , taste , and hear the thick overgrown tall trees , numerous low plants , bushy bushes , assorted wild flowers , flying insects , chirping birds , jumping squirrels , running rabbits , and hunting foxes .
i can feel everythingthe birds , the insects , the plants and the swaying of the high grassy weeds .
the walls hang with a series of long swirling and twirling plant vines of red roses from the ceiling , draping down to the flooring tile , and then over the tile in tiny individual red rose petals .
i release the door quickly and swiftly back step my boots from the door staring studiously at the door knob then my hand then the door knob then i neck snap my curls and view the surrounding dead plants and messed up buildings as i end that wicked daydream realizing that this is time warped alien line number # 3 as i giggle with a girly twang and enter the large room .
then , i flash back mentally in the second time line when i was kidnapped as the future queen - to - be - bride of king bartholomew by lord dirk then almost burned alive by viscountess rita and saved by prince rann creating the mess that destructed all the earth plants and man - made buildings .
i survey the surrounding threatening plants and kids while walking to the calm outdoor atmosphere of the wooden front porch at the restaurant seeing families talk while children play and wbots serve food as i stomp my boots across the crowded cobble street to the bar while tom relays via comfone .
i waddle down the green valley trail of overgrown small scrub bushes and annoying plants tripping over all the greenery in my wet sandals , strolling into the swampy green everglades while my feet soak into pools of green slimy water as i t - sense a presence from behind my buttocks then quickly body spin , seeing rann and ty .
my house is in really bad shape with chipping paint on the chartreuse walls , broken white shudders outside the windows , falling white tiles from the rooftop and an overgrown yard of wild green plants , red bushes , and pretty red and pink wild flowers .
dirk plants .
planet bonita is a living planet with plenty of green trees , pretty flowering plants , and an assortment of fruit bushes on the northern end while the southern end is still a freaking mystery to me .
i studiously stare at the lush healthy landscape consisting of dark hunter green growth of plants , live varied vivid colored vegetation , and pretty rainbow blooming flower pods , instead the patches of yellowish brown dying weeds from my very first visit in my alien time line # 1 .
as far as my eyeballs see a single body of water surrounds the tiny sand bar that colors in dark , black , murky , and eerie tints since there are not present any plants , trees , buildings , grass , flowers , birds , fowl , fish , snakes , worms , mammals and monsterswelljust one as i giggle with a girly twangokay , two if ya count rita then i chuckle like a silly clown .
the glowing mammals playfully attack the varied bushes of colored green plants along the seamount inside the kelp beds for feeding and spawning more glow monster thingies .
the first warehouse is an agricultural display filled with food stuffs , nursery plants , and animalsyall knowfarm animals consisting of cows , sheep , pigs , chickens , horses , mules , donkeys , cats , and dogsoh my !
i remark and examine each potted plant , display , basket , vase , and box as the red sign warns : please do not touch .
abot concludes as girls quickly grab and fill their arms full of pretty flowers , green plants , and glittery trinkets then the swiftly exit the archway , giggling and dancing like kittens .
at the top of track as me and the cart emerge first in the vertical line over the metal hilltop i see everything including every small ant - sized citizen walking around the carnival grounds tot he tea leaf tiny - shaped plants with my t - view of teleclairvoyancekinda likeviewing a funky random parade of tiny ants crawling over green and brown dirt inside their glass house since the water ride railings are tall and high as i stretch my arms in a v pattern almost touching the heavens .
and , i smell with my small nose holes the newly plowed dirt particles and fresh plant spores upon the worn uniforms .
dirk has concocted a divertive of the herb by extracting only a small concentrated portion of ginkgo and created a new plant called gink .
i open my eyelashes and blink once , twice then thrice looking outside the forward window while eye burning the dancing choreographed warrior and demon sky battleground as sweeps of disintegrated yellow powder covers the limos window , engine hood along with highway roads , walking sidewalks , green - leaved trees , and low flowering plants with angel dust .
three family generations of micheals have lived in this house since 1917 composing the green grassy and flowered plants of twelve acres including the spring - fed fresh water lake that drains the water supply to local residents .
i am a lucky girl , living temporally as an angel - in - training inside the nestled appalachian mountains in alabama while standing inside the pink bricked patio of a manor owned by argus and eye burn using my angel - sight the 1,011 acres of wilderness that trails of brown trees , green plants , red birdies , clay wetlands , yellow sandstone sculptures , silver limestone quarries as i close my eyelashes and open my eardrums hearing the soothing call of mother nature that calms my tormented mind , body , and soul then the soft octave a chimes for my nightly angel assignment .
the red missile silently soars fifteen feet into the dull skies as the sun slowly sinks into the birmingham brown mountain tops while the mysterious rider releases an array of loud whomping spray of bullets from his rifle , spraying the heated metal at the three porch lights , two bird houses , and a swinging flowered potted plant under miss berthas veranda .
i jump , kitten - like and move far away from the loveseat , dad , and mom then twirl my body like a tornado then plant sneakers in front of my parents and sing in alto .
i sing in bass then back walk three more paces along the soft white - painted plastered wall and hit the wall corner with my shoulder blades , hanging in the spot like a green fern plant .
teens gather around the setting of worn covered tan chairs and green growing over watered plants while they scan and bang hands and finger pads at their personal cells .
she pulled off her sneakers and hid them in a large plant pot near the entrance door .
i simply came into the kitchen to water the plants .
animals do nt know what s going on , to them nothing has changed except for the fact that humans are no longer destroying complete species of animals and plants .
it is overgrown , with green plants occupying all space inside it .
there was a long winding staircase leading upstairs at the one end of the house and a room filled with plants at the other .
the ground below turned from a light beige to a darker clay color , with less plant life and more hulking boulders dotting the landscape .
aunt andromeda would pass near each of them , giving them advice about which of the collected plants was necessary and which was not .
did nt ya want some of dem mater plants ?
assuming she meant angel trumpet flowering plants , i could feel my anticipation rising as they walked outside and into the first row of the vendor area .
ethel walked in his direction , but did nt seem to pleased he d left her to look at plants by herself .
i was deciding on plants .
the yellow flower disappeared into a puff of petals as the orix hit the plant and kept going .
also immediately apparent were the two large sections of earth devoid of any grass , plants , or vegetation .
a city exists within the walls of this place complete with living quarters laced with plants and shrubbery , empty carts that sit abandoned on the streets , and shops and homes with their doors shut tight .
one of the top ten best looking girls in the entirety of plant earth ; top three if you do nt count models or megan fox , had just walked into the cafeteria .
in different areas of the open space , there were raised garden beds with matching pale park bench - tops , which framed the healthiest plants they had ever seen .
this illuminated the whole area and provided the plants with natural sunlight so that they would survive and remain healthy .
he thought this was a little odd , but thought the student must have had some sort of plant residue on his clothes .
we have everything from cleaning , cooking , and feeding the animals to watering the plants and growing the vegies .
its some kind of plant or herb .
there s some plants in there too .
two steps down and i ' m in a small oasis of deep green grass and ornamental winter plants .
he finally managed as she led him down a dank narrow corridor dimly lit by the faint glow of strange plants jutting from the earth here and there .
these plants are poisonous .
lining the walls were plants of all sorts ; curly ferns and colorful flowers .
creatures without names wandered , some smaller than my human eyes would have been able to see , others colossal enough to crush the enormous plants .
from tree height , they flew over the plant at the tip of the lake .
her dad was obsessed with plants or actually whatever blooms or has leaves .
but lyssa ist a plant and has no leaves .
lyssas dad nurtured plants and seeds and bulbs at his garden shop called the garden junkie .
if lyssa was a plant shed have to be a succulent plant called live forever .
if lyssa was a plant shed have to be a succulent plant called live forever .
maybe a plant or something had irritated her skin .
her dad was always warning her about certain plants that should nt be handled .
look i brought my plant book ; it has a section on trees of illinois .
i m going to try to find a rare plant though i am not sure what yet .
marvin had gone to look for his rare plant on his own , which was fine with her .
that s funny because delphiniums are tall plants with a row of bell shaped flowers on them .
lyssa for the first time in a long time felt more important than plants , ads and working at his shop .
well next time you see her ask about her moms plants .
the giant mans voice commanded as he pulled at the vine with his massive bare hands tearing apart the plant in pieces .
the last thing he wanted was to be strangled by some plant or whatever it was again .
it was about plants and their medicinal uses .
eli continued to turn the pages that had painstakingly detailed drawings of various flowers and plants .
a few paragraphs written in delicate handwriting told about the uses and history of each plant .
eli always found plants and how versatile their uses fascinating .
she had always admired him from a distance the way he nurtured plants and cared for his shop .
it is up to you eutopian girl and to listen to the amulet , it ll guide you like a mother plant .
he could have been a plant from another kingdom from the beginning .
randath in a single plant was beautiful .
it produced vibrant red rosesbut if more than one plant got near each other , they started to entangle themselves .
fresh cut flowers surrounded pools of peaceful waters filled with exotic fish and plants .
angus waited for the underwater sand storm to clear so he could see what strange looking plants and creatures lurked in the depths .
thick vines and plants grew from its roof made of rushes and straw .
he yanked more plants away and ran his hand over the dusty stone door .
every plant and tree started to turn a smoke - stack gray .
in addition to her vast knowledge of plants and herbs , she was a wise observer of human behavior as well .
raven was proud of brumal , and in addition to showing her the hunting meadow , he gladly identified birds and plants that she had never seen in the valley .
_ _ _ kaelah knew how to survive in the valley ; she knew the plants , the animals , and the usual weather patterns .
you ve got a lovely strawberry plant right in front of you .
you ve been yelling at me all day and it has nt worked yet , but if you start breaking stuff well that will really get me in a plant growing groove .
now with confidence encourage the plant to grow .
you must devote yourself to learning the techniques and different plants in the book .
trees are the most difficult and can only be lured by the most talented and skilled lurers of all , while herbs and smaller plants should be moderate in difficulty to many earth lurers .
it took me a second to clear my thoughts enough to remember where i d seen the books on plants and trees .
unknown perfumes wafted across the lagoon , underscored by the warm wetness of rotting plant life .
the berries were growing on a plant that was itself wrapped around a vine .
there were fewer plants growing on the bush floor .
the terrain and plant life continued to change subtly , the bhaa - shot grove giving way to stands of bheem - aa , straight , rough - barked trees with small needle - shaped leaves , and lohn - goh , a strong - wooded variety with flaky bark scales and small rhomboid - shaped leaves .
before he was able to speak , she had answered her own question , plucking the death island image from his mind like a flower off a plant , examining it , and tossing it aside .
he pulls a small plant from his back pocket and dangles it between our heads .
circles of light shined around the plants and reflected off the now - black windows .
deciding to ignore him , i took a few steps through the vegetation until i slipped and fell sideways , bursting through clusters of large leafed plants and down a rocky hill .
i craned my neck , trying to see over giant blooming plants .
i stepped in between the towering tropical plants that sported large elephant ear - like leaves .
massive plant - eating creatures and their small counterparts grazed in the sparse tree line , but deeper within the forest was darker and dangerously quiet .
he keeps his back to me , watering other plants .
rhoak now waters plants at my feet .
my body churns as if twisted into a warped plant like the others .
plants lined the walls and hung from the ceiling in places giving the whole room and hallway immediately outside a pleasantly perfumed odor .
she watched in amazement as this forest became denser , and the plant life began to mysteriously glow ; as the foliage in the forest of red - leaved trees had .
reece followed a path toward plants with glowing , iridescent flowers .
zion national park was just visible off in the distance and it had its share of foliage as well , but between here and there was little more than rocks , dust , and dying plant life .
the masterpiece of the entire suite was the receiving area in its center which was a giant solarium that contained dozens of plants , an exquisite grand piano , and half a dozen simple chairs scattered into different corners of the room .
its throne today was a feathered ornithomimus ; not as impressive a mount as the giant toothed tyrannosaurids or the horned and plated plant eaters , but it was swift and surprisingly vicious despite its beak lacking any teeth .
mr . ii screamed up at her as dinosaurs ran this way and that , trampling trees and plants and nearly each other .
my rear crashed against the floor and my head made a loud thud against the nightstand , causing my lavender plant to wobble .
the dried up plants and trees looked as dead as i felt inside .
i re - soiled everything so the plants would be able to grow .
next to the blacked out window , there was a large plant that reached up to the ceiling .
a real plant would nt be able to survive in such darkness .
he brought his hand out exposing a bouquet of lavender flowers , just like the plant in my room .
on the ground , jane answered quickly , someplace with water and plants , i suppose .
there were sounds now , as well as sight , the sounds of the ocean breaking on the shore , the rustle of the plants moving in the wind , a lonely far off cry that he supposed might be a bird .
taking a last look out on the ocean , the five children walked into the tangle of flowery plants that marked the border to the jungle .
chapter 5 pirates they had hardly walked any distance at all before all signs of the beach were swallowed up within the leafy plant life of the jungle .
all around them , strange flowers bloomed from great plants or climbing vines and attracted several insects .
i mean , there are all these plants on the ground , but nothing sharp or thorny or rough to get past .
and then , suddenly , trey was shaking him and he opened his eyes , feeling very stiff and disoriented as pale sunlight illuminated silvery green plants around him .
and we can have jackson touch plants , if we need to know if its edible , right jinx ?
hello there , mrs . mazzilli , mike said as we approached her backyard and found her tinkering around in a small but healthy - looking patch of tomato plants .
mrs . mazzilli picked off a perfectly red and ripe one from the plant closest to her .
when he opened them again he was met with a different scene : a luxurious room with beige walls housing a double bed that sat low to the ground ; a television atop of a television stand at the foot of this bed and an elegant , black , modern table positioned in the corner with a small potted plant perched on top .
at the beginning and end of each corridor was a potted plant perched on a small , round , wooden table and just as frequent were paintings adding to the luxury of their surroundings ; cream - coloured walls and soft red carpet that made their march somewhat more pleasant that it should have been .
the steel doors parted smoothly to introduce the trio to a penthouse ; a room considerably excessive for just one person to live in alone ; walls mostly made of glass so that shibuyas cityscape could be seen in all of its urban glory and even the rest of tokyo ; exotic plants in all corners thriving majestically despite being in the wrong continent ; a large , oval , glass table perched on thin , stainless steel legs in the center , resting on to of an obviously hand - made rug and then the fireplace at the far end of the room , roaring silently while the television above it was tuned to the news depicting the ongoing chaos that would soon burst out of tokyo to the rest of japan .
it was a large building that gave off a menacing feel and with the lack of plant life to give the site any kind of welcoming charm , kioshi , seito and aki could nt help but think that the building was more of an asylum or prison than a school .
the worst thing about working as a cashier out in the garden center was that customers automatically assumed you had knowledge about the plants and whatnot .
they walked into the greenhouse , carrying with them the mindset , that if you were working in the garden center , that you loved plants as much as they did .
there were plant experts all over the place in the garden center , and customers would come find the cashier to ask questions like that .
one day i had a frumpy , fifty - something year old lady come set a potted plant down in front of me and ask , what do i need to do to take care of this ?
the woman finally just snatched up her potted plant and stormed off , but not before saying , i will be speaking to your manager !
the stones will be fine , thank you azar , harry replied , moving over towards a line of boulders edging the plant border that azar had covered with cloth and cushions .
mark 10 ; 46 when she stepped out into the garden , lil had expected to find azar tending the plants , or perhaps making an attempt at repairing the wall .
his marks reminded rema of a briar patchthorny - vined plants strangling one another in order to dominate .
jarcy killed herself shortly thereafter by ingesting a poisonous plant .
for a plant , i do the spell even more differently .
just to be safe i did the spell for an animal and for a plant as well .
he stomped down the side of the mountain through leafy trees and plants , over thick , dry roots and yellow - orange flowers .
i enjoy viewing an invisible breeze gently blowing the green leaves around the tall brown trees and see many colored birds soaring in a clear blue sky , and pretend to feel a bright yellow sun warming the pretty pastel flowers and green plants inside the royal gardens .
then i crawl on fours ( palms and kneecaps ) along the wet ground and around some broken rock tan boulders , busted indigo cement blocks , and overgrown green plants , following a well worn but poorly concealed path to a big rock .
i hear you with my tele - ears the loud noises from un - welcomed and un - invited guests rumbling outside the first level glass windows in the living room while tripping bigfoot feet over the newly acquired green potted plants on the patio .
puddles of dirty water , like a plantation creek feeding the cows , and many broken garden plants , like an ugly flower show , glisten beautifully across a dirty floor .
yesterday , i had used all of the bed linens for the water spill , and all the paper products for the green plant stains , and all the rusty nails for the broken door .
i do nt see plants , animals , insects , vegetation , fruit trees or large bushes only puke green sea weed in the ocean and tan - colored sea oats growing along some of the shore lines .
the sandy mounds are teeming with plant life under the water for eye observing .
above ground , its too heated during the day and to cool at night for any type of marine plant life to survive .
rita stands as i stand and stare with eyeballs with her twirling and swirling yellow weeds and green plants and leaves .
pbot extends its metal limbs out to rita when she slowly flings the sword towards the fire then the vine - covered with yellow and green plants to the flames .
rann plants two manly hands around my tiny waist while hugging me and kissing my left cheekbone with some nice passion - action then whispered into a left ear , do nt worry !
thorns catch on my skin , coat and jeans , like the plants have suddenly come alive .
they ve drawn it up just beyond a clump of roadside plants , so i would nt see it until it was too late to turn back .
he reached behind him to racks stuffed with pots , baggies and dried plants hanging by stems .
the dried plant inside threw a spicy scent into the air .
weeds and vines grow between the seats , tenacious plants that have overtaken from the riverbanks , tearing through the tarmac car - park and growing up the walls .
instead my diet consists of plants and seaweed .
she spent the day busying herself in the garden , tending to the plants , and making up new poultices .
the children laughed merrily as they did their part , and sarah and bethany made quick progress , replacing the eaten plants with fresh seeds for fall - growing crops .
she spent the day tending to her plants , focusing on the daily routine she had followed for so many years .
he kept pulling the plants out of the way , and within moments the hole was large enough for him to reach his arm and head in .
so , they re an extremely useful plant ?
the plants diminished gradually as the earth sloped down , until it was completely barren .
the entire place was packed with tropical plants and trees of every size and type .
books and plants fly off the shelves , smashing to the floor with a vengeance .
next time kids , the plants and windows come first , pap spouts with a huff .
i replace the plant to its standing position before wrapping my arms around his tall , broad frame .
and along the walls are shelves that take up the entire length and width of the room , standing about six feet high , overgrown with various herbs and plants .
i asked , reaching to the middle of the table and grabbing a pen and notepad poking out from under j. gees conservation of magically enhanced plant genes : a study of in - vitro biomagic - technology .
the other fish , partially hidden behind limp green plants , barely moved .
i was standing on stage but where my guitar should ve been was a bright pink potted plant with a sunflower growing in it .
i used what pennies i had to buy a small plant , then , after hours , snuck into the cemetery and planted it there in his memory .
you ll find a variety of wildlife throughout the valley , including the island fox , the island scrub jay , the pacific tree frog , the bald eagle , the island deer mouse , and several plant species , such as morning glory , monkey flower , and buckwheat .
some plant species here are found nowhere else in the world .
there are some other interesting plants , such as the native jimsen weed the chumash used as a ceremonial hallucinogen , and the non - native african iceplants and european milk thistle .
it restores nutrients to the ground and controls vigorous , non - native plant life , such as fennel .
were still working on the plant life .
but this plant causes hallucinations .
the next day , during a hiking trip , supposedly to see indigenous plants , i was dropped into a hole and left in the dark with a bunch of mice and was rescued an hour later .
the water was clear when she opened her eyes , green moss visible on white rocks , and a few plants tilted and danced wildly with the flow .
we need to keep the ground clean of pest plants which would soak up the minerals meant for the vines .
my hands were sore from pulling out wee plants by their roots .
what you and julian did today was supply the plants with minerals and vitamins to grow healthy and strong .
to the plants it makes no difference .
the last thing i remembered clearly was his melodious laughter as he had told me of valentines landing on her broad behind while she tried to uproot an ill plant the other day .
the rich , deep smell of growing plants grabbed my senses .
i climbed the twine ladder maries plants grow on .
tacked to the faade , the construction of wood dowels and twine was hardly strong enough to support the growth of climbing plants .
they walked into the entrance of the tent to find long , wooden tables placed throughout , with potted plants and trimmed flowers bulked onto their surfaces .
the tents and tables , which were filled with food , clothes , plant life , and more , were just as interesting , and they did nt whisper back .
it was getting hotter by the minute , and she finally turned away from the beach and headed towards the scrub - mangrove trees and some other nasty and probably poisonous plants that grew until the soil became sand .
after he 'd fixed up the courtyard , george drafted him to help fix up the other bedrooms , grout the bathrooms , plant trees in front of their door , and reinforce the roof .
a masterpiece made of brick with at least a hundred darkened windows and a plethora of ivy plants fighting for dominance over the walls .
well , we caught fish and rabbits and found berries and plants that we could eat .
i saw rooms filled with plant life that sprawled across every surface , their vibrant colours of green , purple and red creating an intense burst of colour .
she sets her coffee on top of the piano next to a neglected plant .
there is a plant hanging in the corner that desperately needs waterits turning brown and droopingbut i seriously doubt he notices .
chapter 7 when i wake up , i am lying in a make - shift shelter , composed of a mixture of scrap metal and plant material .
the water is crystal clear , with no signs of plant or animal life in its depths .
it was a very hard ground , so we had to work so hard that soon even the blister got tired of our palms , despite our struggles , our plants wo n't still have mercy on us .
i used the sand to make lands , herbs to make the plants and tress then cock to make all humans and animals oduduwa said .
i loved judiths teas ; she grew and dried the plants herself and stuffed the dried leaves in little mesh bags she bought at an asian market in portland .
the only high point in my week was when malloy sent me a message saying that he knew a guy who dealt mainly in exotic plants and he was working on getting the ptellon blood for me as soon as possible .
lizzie nodded , though she still could n't believe someone would want to kill you over a bunch of plants .
the moon was waxing toward full and the leaves from the soybean plants reflected its silver light .
there , it was warmer than it had been on the hill , but all the plants growing up around them meant there was still a breeze that sent an occasional chill through the bones .
it seemed to do something to the plants too , because the dragging finally ceased .
the terrorising plants did nt let go of her .
the snaking plants released her and she leapt forward , crawling up the side of the split earth , lifting herself over its edge so she could see what was happening .
he controls the plants .
what , you mean about aliens and man - eating plants dragging you through a cornfield , and your brother saving you by raising dinosaur skeletons from the ground ?
his ability to manipulate plants meant he could bend back the crops without breaking them .
everything about it smacked of melody - the deep pink curtains on the bedroom window , the matching duvet , the stuffed elephant on her side of the bed ; the salt and pepper shakers in the kitchen in the shapes of cartoon characters that were nostalgic of a childhood he had never shared ; the flower - patterned sofa in the lounge ; the plant pots in the window - none of it was him .
can he control plants or something ?
verdis plant boy , melodys the musical mood genie , and he s ?
that s why the plants let go of me .
the wee plants do nt touch me .
a piece of pottery grazed ozs arm , reopening one of the wounds left behind from verdis thorny plants .
he grabbed rocks from a fake potted plant and dropped them to shoppers on the bottom floor .
i squatted carefully over the grass and a few other green , slightly spiky plants i had never seen before and did , finally , what i so desperately needed to do .
` ` even superhumans have a basic need for plants and trees and sunlight , '' she said .
the conservatory was lit by huge lenses in the ceiling that channelled distant sunlight down to a forest of mostly unidentifiable tropical - looking plants .
a system of tubes ran under a series of white grates in the floor , then up to the base of each plant pot , dripping a slightly gray liquid onto roots and bulbs .
her eyes alighted on the plants around us and she scowled .
my mini - flashlight shows me the same bromeliads and tropical plants i remember .
the plant which grew before them between two rocks was indeed a sage , with its square , woody stems opening out to a mass of velvety grey - green leaves and a mixture of pink and white flowers sprouting above the lot .
from the insignificant yellow flowering plant held so dear by the young and frivolous emma piebeard , who one day forgot to water it and thus found it the next day huddled into a ball and crying its last breath of oxygen ; to the one recently deceased town elder , bart bigbod , who undesirably put forward a bill to have those very sheds dismantled and in their place proposed the establishment of a town cemetery proper .
well i for one agree with the farmers , rod boasted , the breaking down of dead bodies is a very natural thing , and essentially it is not simply a rotting corpse in this instance , but the manure produced by the blood worms all mixed in with soil and plant matter .
it was a plant , see , billy continued on barrets behalf , spitting a little in his excitement , but it was nt planted ... . no , barret bounced back in , no roots you see , and it was running around the yard ... . yeah , it was jogging around on two big leaves ... . and it was about this high , barret said holding his hand at waist level .
he s obviously bean a handy plant to have around , barret added .
some say there are giant plants that gwab people and cawwy them to their deaths .
what plants are safe to eat ?
the plants in the forest of giants looked unfamiliar to alden .
and as he waited , the light shined ever so lightly and the whole plant burst forth in light .
lowering his head , orlie plants small kisses all over my face , down my neck , and across my collarbone .
these were monstrous plants , obviously very old and well cared for with the trunks coming out of the ground as thick as the old womans wrist .
the softness of the two shades in stark opposition to each other set each flower on the plant on fire .
the plants tendrils were reaching out to meet across the center , holding hands in triumph over the metamorphosis of what was once a wide driveway into a narrow path .
the inch long thorns which were the hallmark of the plants survival would never grant permission for her to walk at the side of the path .
the crop circles which have plants incorporated into their designs are done by vogarians , an advanced race that evolved from sunflowers .
the girl seemed to be able to control plants , and grew a strong , sturdy vine for her and ethan to walk across at the monkey bars obstacle .
her shawls fringes danced , touched by the gentle tugging fingers of sleeping plants bordering the stone walkways .
the sun was bright and the dew made the plants glisten .
the red sword is fire , the blue sword is water , black sword is death , there is one with a stone hilt for stone , white for spirits , gray for shadows , yellow for air , green for plants , brown for earth , and a bone hilt for animals .
i tuck the bottle back inside my pack , along with not much more than the flowering part of two sunflower plants that i picked at the foot of the hill .
the tops of submerged aquatic plants tickle our faces for a moment as we slowly creep into the depths .
he probably thinks i do nt know any better than to assume the plants and animals we eat live and grow on the cargo planes that drop them off .
interesting accounts can be found there of ships carved to look like the plants , animals , and birds of each province ( some attempts more successful than others ) .
the ancient elder tree under which the twins met was overcome with rope , which ran from its exposed roots to the proud plants tallest branches .
there were spirits of water and spirits of land , spirits of riverbeds and spirits of dells , and , towering over the rest , were spirits of plants .
plant spirits were tall and slender , holding in their raised arms the green leaves of life , feeding them sun when they needed sun , water when they needed water , and earth when they needed earth .
the plant spirits moved upon a wide set of crawling legs , each spread wide to provide the tall creatures their balance .
the sibling gods had no patience for the plans of bothersome spirits when deciding how to populate their new realm , and the plant spirits grew angry at the newcomers .
talking with the other ancient guardians , the plant spirits began collecting an army , intending to expel the trio of gods from the land .
the plant spirits were treated with particular harshness , as they were demonstrated to be the instigators of the plot .
arion , god of the land , instructed the earth spirits to swallow the feet of the plant spirits .
the plant spirits were put to sleep , their trunks becoming stiff like stone and their many arms still upraised , soon covered by leaves .
it was thus that the plant spirits were forgotten .
this plant spirit had nt been alive when his kind had been put to sleep , but rather had been born from the unconscious powers of seed and wind .
illiam , now the revered god of his vast peoples , flew down from the sky to meet with the old elm , leader of the plant spirits .
they demanded that man be removed from the earth and that plants once again be given the land .
in a final , mighty clash , the plant spirits were subdued once more .
no , what about plant , growing , and all the different things we need to know ?
she turned into the isle , and grabbed all the books with the word plant in them .
like , something that teaches you how to do crop rotation , or a book of plant types and medicines .
it should nt be very hard to keep the plants watered of connor can direct water from the ocean around us through the island and to the spots i tell him to put it .
grimdin , however , seemed puzzled about the idea of a plant .
elisa tried her wisdom with plants to gain confidence to bear us a child , but all was in vain after many failed attemptsyet i loved her dearly more and more .
in there , on the glowing leaf of elenthe plant that rises from unknown seedselen dew is born .
oldens plant ?
they did nt seem to raise his temper anymore ; on the contrary , this plant might become the reason for everything good , and better .
a small brown parcel , hugged closely within the clinging embrace of the sea plants , an anemone jealously standing guard as it greedily watched the small , coloured fish darting around it .
alice asked , as arlen lowered herself into the water , waiting carefully for the anemone to snatch a small pink fish and concentrate on tearing it open before stretching her hand into the bed of plants .
the big yard through which they were slowly driving was nothing but rocks , dirt , and dead trees and plants .
most of the people in paradise had planted desert plants around their houses .
when the water ran out and the rationing started , the rich people were soon left with yards filled with dead plants .
this light , however , was no longer of any use to the many dead , potted plants that ringed the entryway .
years ago , this was some sort of a plant .
he s going to make lennox forget , erase all memories of me , of us or worse , the last ten years of his life and plant something different .
i probe every dark corner , pull the fake flowers out of mom 's favorite vase and look inside , i move chachkies and look behind them , i rustle the branches of the potted plants .
she checked and double checked the little tags that came with the trees and the plants , cross referencing them with the scores of volumes on her tidy book shelf .
she knew , within the day , when plants would bloom , recede and seed .
and it does nt match with any of my other plants .
the shop was packed with exotic plants of all colors and sizes .
she had got anderson into this mess and she now needed to get him out of danger ... she thought about what the old man in the plant store had said , their roots pulled carefully to create potions for healing ; their leaves and fruit harvested to steep powerful teas and create miracles .
she knew now why she grew some of the plants she did and had been so very particular about them .
twice , no , three times she had to race out to the garden to harvest an herb , a leaf or a root from another plant .
she has a love of plants and is never happier than when she is in her greenhouse , tending plants and thinking up new stories .
she has a love of plants and is never happier than when she is in her greenhouse , tending plants and thinking up new stories .
his back was sweaty from the physical effort of chopping down plants and he looked miserable and exhausted .
he trudged through plants and vines as if they were nt there .
when they reached the ground , fallen leaves and twigs were scattered everywhere , and plants had been uprooted and tossed by the wind .
there were so many different colored plants that painted the land .
it comes from a plant used in a few magical potions .
he was luckyto find a path through the dense plants and trees .
it was getting darker and jas was sure that between the darkness and plants , there was no way mathen would be able to find him ; so he began looking for a good out of sight place to sleep for the night .
` ` legends say thatmundial , the god of life created all animals and plants and created lords and kings to rule over them .
suddenly the plants on either side of him attacked him , the branches suddenly wrapping around his arms , legs , and neck ; trapping him before he could do anything .
with the plants tying up his arms , legs , and threatening to choke him , it was n't like he had much choice .
the tune of the bird 's chirping changed and the feel of the plants loosening was the last thing jas remembered of his experience with the guardian of aguerius forest before waking up the following morning .
the plants were only supposed to restrain him .
she was nt sure exactly how almas always knew , but she was sure it had something to do with ulecs ability to talk to animals and plants .
cady was always amazed at how plants and animals seemed to do whatever he wanted .
i wanted to show almas some plants i m growing from seeds that my mother brought from the north .
cady liked plants , and plants from elvish lands sounded interesting .
cady liked plants , and plants from elvish lands sounded interesting .
we can go see those plants on our own if you want .
ulec had the power to speak to both plant and animal and ask them favors .
he knew which plants would soften his steps .
every plant 's characteristics and uses rested safely in his memory .
his was an earned title , for he cared for plants day and night .
beads of it dripped from the tendrils of plants , or were smeared on frozen tree trunks .
for a plant , he had to but scratch a stem and find green , the color of life .
it did n't trample and snap plants as this woman did , though it was guilty of following her blood trail .
his business was rescuing plants , animals even , but not people .
humans , like plants , were meant to return to the ground , but with wolves approaching , he could at least cast the woman and child into the water to save their bodies from gnashing teeth .
the plants seemed to shift out of his way .
even the plants of all shapes and colors were no comfort ; who knew when the leshy , the keeper of the trees , might stride through their foliage .
some years , the plants became so injured or diseased that after master molotov 's officials took their quota , nothing living was left .
he rebuilt the potatoes mounds to cover the tubers emerging from the ground , took special care of the vegetable patch , pulled weeds , drew water from the well nearby , watered the plants , and fixed fence boards around the garden .
the range of objects lying around the room was equally magnificentfrom wood chests and jarred plants and insects to springs and gears and an assortment of knives .
i spent my days coaxing mice and rats with rotten eggs and throwing up poisonous plants and foul bugs .
that second year , i built traps for animals and found edible plants and studied my surroundings .
often romulus quizzed viktor until he learned to identify different plants and their uses , from norway spruce to scots pine to the shiny white trunk and brilliant green leaves of the silver birch .
it 's one of the few plants you do n't have to teach me about . ''
at the top of yet another rolling hill , viktor bent down and picked off a handful of black crowberries from a dying plant , sinking his teeth into them .
shelves held row upon row of glass bottles full of dangerous - looking liquids ; yet more disturbing were the plants that had grown up from the dirt floor .
glass stoppers full of salts , lye , acids , and bases , as well as an assortment of exotic plants , got stuffed into his bag .
inside , odd - shaped bottles full of black , gold , or red liquid sat cuddled in velvet fabric next to powders and plant parts .
` ` the plants growing in rose 's and the shop 's interiorit all looks quite ancient , does n't it ? ''
the script was unreadable , but viktor peered at the largest images that ran from waistline to neck as follows : at the base , a feather underwater , pinned down by a crown ; above the waterline was a plant , whose roots sucked at the water ; above the plant was a shovel and on the shovel 's handle sat a round bottle with bubbles rising out of it ; the largest bubble held a triangular symbol , and atop the orb sat a leopard with scale - like skin .
the script was unreadable , but viktor peered at the largest images that ran from waistline to neck as follows : at the base , a feather underwater , pinned down by a crown ; above the waterline was a plant , whose roots sucked at the water ; above the plant was a shovel and on the shovel 's handle sat a round bottle with bubbles rising out of it ; the largest bubble held a triangular symbol , and atop the orb sat a leopard with scale - like skin .
` ` by newborns or plants ? ''
on his door , he carves some of the leopard 's symbols : a leopard , plant , and feather .
hidden were dried plants and a list of herbs with ambrosii 's name at the top .
the lists , the plants , the rocks , the sneaking around ...
as he hunched over his prey like an animal drinking in its kill , the images of the feather , crown , plant , shovel , flask , orb , and leopard rose up the bony vertebrae of his spine .
` ` feather , crown , plant , spade , flask , orb , and the snakeskin leopard : these are the leopard 's marks .
romulus , the fastest and most knowledgeable of the wilderness , took the lead , but these plants were alien to him .
viktor rolled away from the first swipe into a plant with heart - shaped leaves as big as his chest .
it was n't just that he had kept a jungle alive inside of a castle in the middle of frigid russiait was the magic of the plants themselves .
with its gigantic lily pads and jumping fish , shimmering lanterns and magnificent reeds , the pond would have been a picture of ultimate beautyhad there not been bullets shredding through the plants and masqueraiders running atop its stone sides .
in one with leafy plants , viktor saw an array of neon fish .
` ` the books ... the stones ... the plants and animals and starsall the rooms in the castle are just expansions of what they studied as youths , '' viktor said .
she put a potted plant in the elevator doorway to keep it from closing .
when no one seemed to be looking , jill crossed the room at the edge of the lobby behind a row of large potted plants .
there were several clusters of couches and chairs , potted plants here and there , three big tvs , game tables , and a couple bookshelves .
she could nt wait to share her success with him when her plants sprouted .
before she could say anything to leon , he raised his hand up to her and brushed the unkempt blonde hair out of her face , i think you have more dirt on yourself than the plants do .
he reached out to run his hand along a huge brown plant that was growing out of the ground .
i have been trying , but i am afraid my plants may have suffered while i was gone .
she walked toward the back door and out of the house , over to some rose bushes and plants growing on the side .
annalise poured some water on the plants and put her hands to her head in confusion .
it made her thankful that she had grown up in her own realm , where there was animal and plant life .
natara pointed to the single plant in the entire underground , a vine that sat beneath the bar and twisted upwards on the metal beam .
there were no windows , so they were still closed in , but there were various plants throughout the home .
natara had gone out of her way to prepare a large meal for them , most of it was made out of plants and fruits , but annalise knew the girl had a knack for making anything taste good .
except there was no grass , there were straight rows of plants running off in all directions like leafy corridors .
there was nt one leaf out of place and all the plants looked strangely big .
i followed sally as she walked through the neat rows of plants thinking to myself that the garden was strangely warm .
there , sitting on the ground between two lines of pea plants was keith , muttering to himself .
he was placing each pea carefully next to the plant it had come from in a series of long lines he really did like things neat , did keith .
the chamberlain practically leapt into the cart , scattering fake jewelry , tailor 's discards , cured skins of half - animals gobber 'd eaten on the road , inedible bundles of herbs that lemny 'd taken the tasty seeds off of ( except the ruttidge , which he had n't gotten to yet ) , a few unidentified glass vials and stoppered ampules they 'd sifted from an abandoned workshop , innumerable amber - colored beads that lemny rolled from sticky plant sap and flower parts when he was bored , a length of new rope gobber had spent each night weaving before bed from the abundant ropeweed , lumpy clay bowls he 'd palmed together and kilned ineffectually over the campfire , a few bones ( bleached by setting them on top of the cart 's awning under the suns ) , stone knives with sharp knapped blades and handles sopped out of plant latex and heated to gummy rubber , a glass lens -- whoop , the chamberlain let it slip and smash on the floor in his haste , one big chunk and a powder of broken glass -- ` ` that 'll be a yenti and a nick , under our ' you break it , you bought it ' policy , '' lemny said politely .
the chamberlain practically leapt into the cart , scattering fake jewelry , tailor 's discards , cured skins of half - animals gobber 'd eaten on the road , inedible bundles of herbs that lemny 'd taken the tasty seeds off of ( except the ruttidge , which he had n't gotten to yet ) , a few unidentified glass vials and stoppered ampules they 'd sifted from an abandoned workshop , innumerable amber - colored beads that lemny rolled from sticky plant sap and flower parts when he was bored , a length of new rope gobber had spent each night weaving before bed from the abundant ropeweed , lumpy clay bowls he 'd palmed together and kilned ineffectually over the campfire , a few bones ( bleached by setting them on top of the cart 's awning under the suns ) , stone knives with sharp knapped blades and handles sopped out of plant latex and heated to gummy rubber , a glass lens -- whoop , the chamberlain let it slip and smash on the floor in his haste , one big chunk and a powder of broken glass -- ` ` that 'll be a yenti and a nick , under our ' you break it , you bought it ' policy , '' lemny said politely .
the slope transformed from dry and leafy to moist and rainforested the deeper he slid , and he skipped through streams of spraying waterfalls and into ferny plants he 'd never seen before , flew past burls of golden - trunked trees whose bark let off a filmy light , into a low stratum of fog that made thra wet and white , emerging upon a deep valley and shooting over a short cliff where he managed to get himself facing right - side - up before skidding into open space , free falling at high speed over the open vale , a thousand green leaves covering the sky , landing on a leaf so wide that houses could be built out of it , ships folded from its lance - tipped green shape .
these are the things that are : here are plants , stems of the land 's own virtue pushing up through the surface .
act now an ' i 'll throw in a fresh ruttidge plant .
the tree was one of thousands just like it , with stinging plants surrounding the entrance , preventing anyone larger than a beetle from getting through unless they had our protective fur .
he 's a genius with plants .
his body merged with that of strange plants and cactulus and succulent drippers and flanged half - trees and barbed hateloves and one extra - large shadow produced by a shady trailtree upon the ridge .
there may not be any plants left . ''
` ` always plants .
it was , he thought , not unlike being a fussbluster seed pod swooping away from the billwing plant that hosts it .
let plants grow !
invite podlings and gelflings to grow plants of the mother 's choosing .
why not build machines that plant seeds , or fly people through the air , or bring clean water from garden to garden ? ''
the ivy had suckers that stuck to the staggered walls , and every time one of them popped off , she heard a moan from the plant .
pop , moan , and faint apologies to the plants .
expensive - looking paintings hung on the walls and decorative kiosks full of lush tropical plants helped soften the otherwise rigid architecture .
here at the edge of the desert , plants and animals were still numerous .
laiden carefully observed his surroundings paying particular interest to the flora as the plants in the area adapted to less water .
come , lets share a mint chew , he said as he produced some soft leaves from the fresh smelling plant .
that s where the aromatic plant grew .
some sap from the healing plant would be beneficial , but laiden was reluctant to make the long hike to get it while dethina was in such a sad mood .
when loki learned that frigg had overlooked a single plant , he fashioned a magical spear from the mistletoe .
it was decorated with bright curtains , lamps , posters , and plants , and i could see that it was possible for it to feel like home .
it was a place where i could go inside and walk around , get a cup of water , enjoy the growing plants , gardening tools , hanging lanterns , and greeting cards designed by local artists .
while robin stays on the sidewalks , i look over plants and bushes to peek in windows looking for anything suspicious .
she went on as if a hand had reached out and rustled her entire plant .
thenzoom ! hoang - ha rode on a turn that took him back to his motorbike to have a more serious look around : he turned down the towpath into a landscape of vibrant heat and grotesque humidity , where scrubby violet plants grabbed at his legs to tell him that something was not quite right .
and the vegetation seemed to have absorbed the heat , so that , what with capillary action , the stalks of the flabby - leafed plants seemed to be circulating hot water like radiators .
they were tall plants : seven feet or more , eeeugh !
what with the packs on their backs weighing many pounds , the men were as if falling forward through the seemingly , almost impermeable curtain - wall of plants that snapped or bent or merely swayed as they pushed their way through them .
quitting the others , john thrashed through fern and stalk , leaf and plant , to a sudden opening .
it came to an end with a widening interspersion of plants .
having forced his way through the swamp plants , arthur did not see the entry onto the savannah as worthy of celebration .
too much thought on the subject made for an anxiety that could kill yousore with a wind in your wound like a plant destroyed by fungus !
i ' m washing some dishes , and i just watered a plant on the window sill .
maple cabinets , white tile countertops , and plenty of plants in multicolored ceramic pots complete the cottage - like feel .
i looked away from him and noticed that the potted african violet plant in the window looked a little dry .
i asked grumpily , setting down the plant and looking directly at him .
finally she said : but i know all the herbology that is possible with the plants that grow in this area , highness .
i know that certain plants have certain properties ; juices and fibres that they are made of and things that they can do .
for example , when your tummy is upset , making a tea out of a plant called ginger will soothe and calm it .
some of these plants can be mixed to do extraordinary things , some are used independently .
at first it was really difficult , but i got used to telling the different plants and oils apart , and now i just find it easy .
they followed a path that zigged and zagged around bushes and plants she began to recognize .
this is a plant that is used in many ways , aylan explained as they picked .
lazelan and aylan had picked the right plants , dug up minerals and shaved metals then prepared them into mixtures that would cause fire to change different colours .
those plants growing outside are ones that i have never seen in my kingdom , nor have i seen them in the surrounding kingdoms when i ve visited them on trips .
karen opened her eyes and quickly plucked a ripe tomato off the plant and bit into it .
mary elizabeth looked at the plant and suddenly got very dizzy and began to feel as though she were floating to the ceiling .
plants and small trees had pushed their way through the stone floors of every visible area and the old , browned stone had a rustic quality to it .
he saw a variety of plants .
series of over - sized potted trees and plants along with romanesque reliefs adorned the entry way they had come to know well .
the raw resources of oil , minerals , plants , and animals are actually plentiful abundant on planet earth .
every time he tried to fall asleep , he had visions of a blond boy in breeches with a bow and arrow slung over his shoulder , stumbling up a steep incline through a forest filled with plants that glowed fuchsia and aquamarine and vibrant orange .
they were cultivated by one of our most talented plant specialists .
when arthur was eight , sir ector took him hunting near the forest sauvage , also known as the enchanted forest because the plants glowed , and because the landmarks changed places all the time .
you really should nt hide your key under a plant tree have you learned nothing from seeing so many others do the exact same thing ?
the other half would be filled with night - blooming plants .
it arrives to provide beneficial moisture for the plants and then is gone .
i am not feeling schaden ... whatever , i said and snatched my little plant away from him .
the seeds are turning into cute little sprouts and the herb plants are starting to fill in .
not a single plant could be seen growing on the slopes , but as the two of them gazed at the landscape they began to catch sight of people moving through it ; some alone , others in small groups .
he took evasive action and spun off the porch , nearly tearing down a load of climbing plants in the process .
the tank had small plants in it .
he could just make out tiny movements going on : by a plant here and by a stone over there .
mr nicholls was one of those strange people who got up really early , even though they were not forced to , and did things that normal people did during the day , like washing cars , pruning plants , cleaning windows .
for years he had been keeping the store open despite all the evidence that people did n't buy plants and spring garden supplies a month before winter arrived .
she was driving her friend uilani to buy some plants .
it 's not a plant come to sentient life .
it replenished the plants outside and slightly drowned the silence inside the eerie library .
a bright light shot from my hands , and to my shock and horror , the potted plant exploded .
as a gut reaction i forced them out of myself just like i did before , only this time , their target was not a potted plant , but kiran .
the yard was neatly trimmed where grass was allowed to grow , or in this case die with winter coming soon ; but most of the yard was mulched and made into flower beds that held the remains of withered stems and dilapidated plants .
i pictured lawn furniture and dying plants .
eyeballs stare at me from the second section of the kitchen called a breakfast room , where a long square table sniggles between three walls filled with clean horizontal glass walls for viewing the miles of bright green and yellow cow pasture land over the flat pancake landscape below the wooden tables of numerous potted flowering plants that breed from bright kitchen sunlight and daily tap water while daddy greets with a smile and .
cinta climbs down the tail gate without any assistance from her brother since we both are tough and rough cowgirls that really do nt need the little girl treatment but i find that love floating like an angel into the strong limbs of an earth god especially being greeted with a sweet smile and a hot kiss then she painfully jerks my left forearm away from garth towards the patch of low plants between the roadway and my yard as garth sets to work propping up the make - shift ramp backing the atv out of the truck bed .
i swing my face towards my house which blazes like a tiny village against the surrounding walls of midnight blue sky of darkness with the outside big baseball field - type flood pole lights up high and the small bulbs cupped into the iron decorative holders around the porch signaling rest time on the farm from a hard days work as cinta and i shuffle near the plants away from garth then cinta warns .
socotra has 825 plant species , 90 % of its reptile species and 95 % of its land snail species are , not found anywhere else in the world .
tomorrow , were all going to be inside our house for theuh syzygy or five - stars , it is a planetary alignment of five plants even with the solar sun .
there are plants and animals here that are unique .
row upon row of various crops , plants and trees , extend as far as the eye can see from the head of the gardens where i ' m standing .
i grinned smugly and leaned back against the hedge , listening to theo carve away at the vines whilst ellina tied the plants together to make one long rope .
the plants scratched and caught our clothes as we were dragged up , up , and finally reached the walls top .
palm trees and broad - leafed rainforest plants bordered the river .
` ` julosa has higher amounts of oxygen and carbon dioxide in its atmosphere , and plants grow like crazy . ''
a growing , attaching plant .
die , you wicked plant !
to me it sounds like a relative of the hemlock plant .
she had turned him into a plant .
i scooped the plant in its nicely painted pot into my arms , burning with rage and the need to know why ryse was nt doing anything .
first she thought i was a girl , and now she thinks i m a plant , the ivy whimpered .
i must tell you : if you ever have the desire to go mad , turn your only companion into a plant .
and i m in here with ivanm the plant wondering if ill live past my sixteenth year .
and neither is turning people into plants !
( once again , the plant does not count .
but , no it took me flying down from my tower and ranting at greeny and her plant children to even find out !
i had already told the potted plant about mersades and theeebs plan .
i watched his leaves sort of droop , and noticed there was another plant beside him .
i was about to shrug in despair when a wave of green lightning flashed over me and the two plants , knocking my weary self to the floor .
i was left alone on the floor with the two plants , my voice , and the stillness of the fear of anticipation .
but i could nt think about them , not then , because this was strange , stranger than ivy being turned into a plant .
the local birds , each known by name , traversed back and forth between plants , carrying the seeds to dull brown spots behind the houses and creating new jaw - dropping scenery whenever one fell and became part of the rich soil .
like they had done with him when he had turned five , his parents had taken her off of the mountaintop and into the world , to see how there were different kinds of plants and berries and landscapes , far more exotic and lavish than anything they could witness in quinn , with its rocky terrain and high altitude .
the sunlight still shone through , but no plant life emerged .
no flowers or budding plants , birds chirping or insects crawling .
plants i had never seen before dotted the nocturnal landscape .
sara had done an excellent job decorating the small outdoor retreat with a multitude of terracotta pots full of plants and flowers .
in the blink of nicks brown eyes , all the things he d never said to his father rushed into his brain , choking off any words or feelings the way a weed chokes out a healthy plant .
skyscrapers reached high into the sky , numerous tiny windows decorating them along with clotheslines , plants , and fire escapes .
this was the only place in the city where trees and plants were allowed to grow .
what are you , some kind of plant ?
when i stroll into the floral department , the florist is fixing the front display , rearranging the plants to put the ones with the fullest blooms on the top .
yeah , um , i need a little plant .
we walk toward the back display , and she hands me a tiny plant with purple blooms .
if i draw a seed and plant it , it wo nt grow .
the narrow dirt track was overgrown with plants and obscured by fallen tree limbs .
in spite of the cold wind and winter chill , a small green plant had pushed its way up and , against all odds , was beginning to bud .
she took a moment to appreciate how the festive red plant enhanced the visual profile of her exquisite mahogany wood table itself positioned perfectly within her spacious , tastefully decorated uptown north york penthouse with such a deft touch that canadian house and garden had featured two magazine layouts of it to date .
` ` okay , and here is today 's traveller , a venus flytrap composed of dna resembling or related to both plant and animal .
uh , you have just witnessed that the plant and the wristwatch each disappeared inside the chamber .
` ` well , i grew water lily plants for the purpose of advancing my experiments on plant - animal fusion with an aim towards eventually moving on to the more complex , animal - to - machine version of the same thing .
` ` well , i grew water lily plants for the purpose of advancing my experiments on plant - animal fusion with an aim towards eventually moving on to the more complex , animal - to - machine version of the same thing .
the lily plant , you see , produces pads at a prodigious rate , thus allowing me to conduct six experiments running continuously over several days . ''
that is , the sugar came from either sugarcane or corn , both of which are plants .
plus , one of our friends from the neighborhood went through a phase where he d meticulously pick out a variety of colorful plants from his garden to roll up in newspaper and smoke .
and would you recognize the right plants to eat should we get lost ?
stepping over to the nearest plant , reaching out , i gripped the shrubbery .
hopping on the spot in panic , i dived under a large - leafed plant with unusual red spiky foliage .
my ribs were on fire as i dragged myself backwards from the bushy plant .
somewhere that s peaceful with green plants and hot jerky guys who run you down in the forest .
we had no plants back home to compare .
once we were past the initial large bushy plant , a type of path did appear , widening enough for us to move more freely .
you know , at least when there re less plants there are less bugs , and that s fine by me .
not me i love plants .
withered black plant tendrils curled around my boots .
nature spirit : plants bloom in their presence .
i shivered thinking of the dead plants .
i m the daughter of a plant expert .
there was greenhouse hidden amongst shrubs and trees of various shapes and sizes , which they used to grow a few of the specialty plants and herbs required to make potions .
but had no luck finding anything , and was pleased that he did not come across any scents he did not recognize as either animal , plant or human .
i want bright colors and living plants .
anyway , these young plants are a few weeks old .
i m fascinated by plants .
the ash enriched the soil , helping fresh new plants to grow , and these juicy young plants attracted kangaroos for them to hunt .
the ash enriched the soil , helping fresh new plants to grow , and these juicy young plants attracted kangaroos for them to hunt .
you can tell its the right plant because the leaves have three veins instead of one .
at a waterhole pullawarra digs up a small palm plant that s growing beside the water .
i m sorry you had to go walkabout for so long , billy says as we watch the flames flicker , but i was far away collecting medicine plants .
especially when pullawarra takes us for walks and shows us stuff , like animal footprints and what plants to eat and how to make spears and axes .
the children come too , playing while their mums and older sisters gather plants .
the problem is it leaves salt behind , and too much salt will kill the plants .
you know , which plants you can eat , healing plants .
to find the right plants and stuff .
meanwhile i show sara how to cut away the outside of the grass plant to get to the white flesh inside .
we go deep into the forest , far away from the patrols and where the trees and plants are nt all hacked to bits for firewood .
for instance , i know there must be hundreds more edible plants , but you can only risk eating the ones you re totally sure about .
meditation , yoga , strange plants with names like ayuahuasca and peyote , mind - expanding this and that .
three brick buildings adorn the lush land ... all of which are surrounded by potted plants .
i gape at the amount of potted plants , roses , cards , balloons , boxes and gift bags that have been shoved in this room .
the lawn is nicely cut , a potted plant rests on the step of the front porch .
ill also point out some important plants to recognize -- like poison ivy .
matt and andre stopped the group from time to time to point out things such as the hole in the tree where raccoons lived , raccoons tracks , deer tracks , and the names of plants and insects .
this is where the bears spend their winters hibernating , matt explained , during the summer months , they feed on nuts , berries , fish , plants , and sometimes small animals .
engraved on each card was an exquisite illustration of a plant or toadstool .
at the bottom was printed the plants name , an explanation of where it grew , and how to harvest it .
but i would need to compare plants to the pictures to be sure .
maybe , said mica i have some plants and herbs i ' ve been collecting .
liam watched as mica began to empty his pouch , arranging bundles of plants on the counter .
mica opened his pack and began carefully laying plants on the stone bench , careful not to bruise the leaves or scatter the seeds .
the plant life seemed as though as it was taking over the valley .
the plants were taller than normal ; some up to four feet tall .
the already overgrown plants were rapidly growing .
the plants actively wiggled their limbs and stems about reaching out at the group .
one plant taunted .
cilia on the plant looked like teeth as the mouth opened and closed .
came a screechy , high pitched voice from another plant .
the sarcastic plant made fun .
the largest plant hissed .
the screechy plant laughed .
the largest plant spoke .
the screechy plant cackled uncontrollably .
tessa lashed out against the plant with her weapons .
she was shocked to see that the leafs , and parts of the plant immediately restored itself .
the largest plant , that tessa had been whacking away at , reached out , and wrapped a thorny stem all around her .
the sarcastic plant reached out for her .
then the plant moved in to capture the queen .
she clung to him with fear as she felt a plant grab at her .
why are you plants attacking us ?
the screechy plant answered with amusement .
of course ... who else would give a voice to you with limited vocabulary ! zell shouted , and struck at the plant with force .
the plant wrapped part of itself around the dagger , and flung it in the opposite direction .
zell felt himself being lifted up by the plant .
the screechy plant laughed and bobbed it 's head side to side .
the largest plant answered .
the sarcastic plant smiled .
the screechy plant wiggled and bobbed .
he hastily went to others and used the sunfire rock to burn the plants into nothing .
the sarcastic plant thought it was just another weapon and called out .
zell had not given the sarcastic plant time to say anything .
zell said nothing as he touched the plant with the mystical rock .
the wall she built so no one could see her pain , and her image of being so strong and carefree fell apart just like it had done with the encounter of the plants .
when we were all in a tangle with those plants , i overheard some things you were shouting .
i never knew until the encounter with the plants .
he passed a few of the outlying houses , or what remained of them , beneath the vine like plants and snow .
multi - colored shrubs , exotic plants and thousands of twinkling white lights lined the front of the mansion .
carved into the pendant was what many would mistake for a stalk of wheat but locals would recognize as wild ricea plant indigenous to minnesota and a staple in the diet of both native americans and european settlers .
maybe they could live there with green plants to produce oxygen , fresh food and vegetables , and lots of space to store the treasures they collected from their hunting trips .
then he winked , the plants will increase in the brown oxide frowning , galya blinked at her brother .
i mean , if we increase this , it will slow down the speed at which the plants , can oxidize and cause napping syndrome he pointed at the oxygen valve .
then if we set the timer on this to flood the plants , all we need to do is get out of their way , and they will burn up all that green in their systems and turn a nice healthy brown .
changing the quantity of carbon dioxide and oxygen in the room would nt have any immediate impact on the plants as far as she knew of course , her plant biology was limited .
changing the quantity of carbon dioxide and oxygen in the room would nt have any immediate impact on the plants as far as she knew of course , her plant biology was limited .
the plants will be brown by tomorrow morning .
all around her soldiers were drooping like plants without enough water .
she was nearly to the first plants on the mountain .
luna remembered that plants sometimes gathered dew in the mornings .
third : tristan would nt be so troubled if he d raised him instead of leaving him in a house to raise himself like a potted plant .
on top of the floating island was a city that gleamed gold in the moonlight and was surrounded by trees and plants , the likes of which selena had never seen before in her life .
they came in for a graceful landing in a courtyard filled with plants and trees , surrounded by an ivory gate .
the tub , which was more like a small swimming pool , was lined with hand - painted tiles bearing the images of exotic birds and plants .
one minute it was super sunny , transforming winter - burnt stems and wilting plants into an emerald green carpet , then a second later rain and melting ice gargled down the raspy throats of muddy drains .
it was strange , considering there was very little plant life within the wallsonly one type of tree and some grass .
it was thickly wooded from the outside , but through the trees i could see glimpses of other beautiful plants .
he would prattle on and i would pretend to listen as i walked from plant to plant reading the little plaques .
i walked from plant to plant reading the plaques .
each time , i remembered a little more , finding i could repeat the names of at least half of the plants in here just by looking at them .
i found i could recall many of the names and uses of the flowers and plants we passed .
it had been hundreds of years since it was last used and it was bound to be covered with dirt and plants .
when we got up and started walking again , i tried to remember anything else about the plants i had read about , opening my eyes and really observing our environment .
the plants were higher than my eye line .
they cut through the land , like shards of a shattered mirror , beautiful and strange water plants poking out around the banks .
joseph had started following me into the woods , asking questions about the plants .
when we approached it slowly , we noticed there were plants growing up and around his legs .
i could nt find much in the way of edible plants .
i scooped up various plants and seeds as we moved , examining them in my palm .
he just stormed through the soft undergrowth , trampling plants and scratching his arm furiously as he went , until he disappeared from sight .
the warriors boots shattered burnt plants as they stepped through the forest fire and into the soot - filled aftermath .
a hot breeze rustled the kudzus broad , dusty leaves , and it sounded like the wicked plant was hissing at him .
there was blue gravel in the bottom and some kind of water plant growing from the top .
being a vampires home , liz had picked a healthy mix of plants that would bloom during the day and at night .
i did nt want him to end up like me , a wilting plant , struggling to take root .
searching the water clogged with plants and muck , i wondered how long it would take for his little body to surface .
i struggled to reach the shore , plants tangling around my legs like skeletal hands .
was that the thing about the plants or something .
she dragged me all around the backyard , each of us sidestepping over metal cages full of green tomatoes and ducking under potted plants hanging from the trees .
i pushed a fake plant out of the way and tried to get a closer look .
their assignment was to construct the faux plant life for a bio dome project on waste and commercialism .
a fake ivy plant behind me snagged a few pieces of her whites as she walked by and she failed to notice them fall to the floor .
i turned around to pick them up for her and gasped when i saw an extra - large , industrial strength bra hanging from the fake ivy plant .
the smaller plant could nt handle the weight and it uprooted immediately .
you could say that azalea has a pretty normal life , minus her weird connection with plant life forms .
once everything was all said and done and the plants fully taken care of , she walked out of her greenhouse and walked into her garden .
she decided to water the plants for the last time before going off to bed .
she did nt know what else to do but to just leave the plants alone for the night and go to bed .
azalea took her plants very seriously , she had felt as though her luck had run out and her gift had been withdrawn from her , she tried crying herself to sleep but did nt get very far .
most people hid their keys under the pot of their plants but she thought better of it and placed it inside her plant pot where it was covered by the leaves of her plants .
most people hid their keys under the pot of their plants but she thought better of it and placed it inside her plant pot where it was covered by the leaves of her plants .
most people hid their keys under the pot of their plants but she thought better of it and placed it inside her plant pot where it was covered by the leaves of her plants .
when she had stepped out onto her patio she had thought that it would nt hurt to water her plants since she probably would nt be able to over the weekend but what she was nt prepared for was the shiny black mercedes that had stopped in front of her house , or for llorel to be the one stepping out from behind the wheel .
lea dropped azalea off at home at around 9 so azalea went straight toward the back of her house to water her plants .
one night when she went to water her plants she was beyond angry and she was getting angrier by the second .
azalea only meant for a little drizzle to start so that she could water the plants but she made it thunder storm and she does believe that it affected the whole entire world .
azalea watered her plants and went to bed .
ill put in a few more plants , then .
there were antique dealers and rubbish piled high , plants and herbalists , fortune readers and used clothes all for sale in someones slot .
he pushed a button , buzzed and the door opened to allow me entry into a glassed hallway and thence to a large lobby dominated by lush plants , a sparkling fountain and soaring windows to a skylight stories over my head .
i emerged on the lower floor and opened the exit to peer out on the atrium midst a bunch of flowering plants and honest to god trees growing in the lobby .
they had a fountain inside and lots of plants so it looked more like a jungle .
the row of plants seemed to block the corpses view of the entrance to the marina store , so the concern seemed minimal .
her corn was getting tall , the tomato plants were showing signs of yielding nice ripe tomatoes and her other vegetables looked good as well .
the two men pulled the boat up , docked and disembarked heading towards the garden where elles back was towards them as she tended her plants .
it had vegetables and an occasional fruit plant .
they added two more armfuls of flammable plants .
joyah stealthily moved off past some plants she did nt know the name of and crouched behind a rotting log .
she had to concentrate on getting her hands and feet to secure looking niches and to grabbing onto plants when the mud gave away beneath her .
she got her feet under her and launched herself forward to grab strong looking plants on either side of henna .
she then offered him to read a book about the rare plants in the amazon .
he placed the sterilized medicinal plant on the wound .
he snatched another torch from the bon fire and harvested plants in the woods just a few meters from the cave .
he tampered the washed wounds with the medicinal plant he harvested in the woods .
and the medicinal plants were extremely effective for they were trotting the forest as if they had not suffered severe wounds from the previous night .
odi went to the cave to get the remaining medicinal plants stored in his pantry .
neat and endless rows of vegetation shoot off into the distance , with the smallest of concrete pathways cutting between the leafy plants .
i do nt need to search , or mindlessly wander through the endless rows of plants though .
at least here in the plantation you can feel the moisture in the air , smell the freshness of the plants .
myrrha had hauled water from that river , caught fish , dug tubers from the plants along the banks , and gathered wood nearby for fires .
surely the plant dye was not that strong .
there will be few trees and plants , only a few animals , and probably no one like rilse .
mental darkness would be bad enough , but a world with no light , no physical light would be a world with no living things , no trees or plants , no creatures .
sera would nt find herself tripping on dead roots or plants anymore .
bulacnin does nt have many trees , or shades or any flowering plants .
from where my hand landed , a plant slowly sprouted and continued growing until a flower showed .
i knew there was nt any flowering plant here .
but when i look at our backs , sure enough , a rose plant is there !
underwater near the edge of the lagoon , mina saw five orderly rows of tiny white plants , which , upon closer inspection , proved to be white coral .
the noon sun beat down on them through the water and mina wished they had put in a few plants to give them some shade underwater .
the surrounding area was lush with plants and lucas could see small animals , though he was nt sure what they were , drinking from the pool .
she could still hear the tranquil whispering of the plants all around her but underlying that she thought she could hear the steady sound of someone quietly crying .
all around stood the ravages of destruction , a land desolate of living creatures or plants , a place where hate fuelled all life and survival of the strongest was a daily struggle .
why s the forest thick and rich with green trees and plants but the meadow looks like its dying of something ?
i scan the air seeing nothing then the ground below seeing tiny plant shadows from the full moons light .
zanns right and i like to eat both dead plant food and dead animals , yachel giggles .
i am not picky as long as it is not an ancient tree , a lonely plant bush , or a pretty delicate flower gable smiles and stands , clapping .
the ceiling was a bed of vines while other plants twisted around end tables and chandeliers .
she spent days trolling through : animal and plant implantation extraction for the common huronite .
nick supposed he should ve been worrying about the failed invention , or the fire marshall who threw out words like prozac , and threat to all plant and animal life in a fifty mile radius .
they were nt being lifted up by a mechanical lift , rather by the root of a very strong plant .
i do nt remember much about mum when i was little , dad was our main caregiver , when the weather was fine we would head off into the country where he would teach us about the plants and trees , it was only later he admitted he had no idea where we were going but somehow always managed to find his way back to the car .
as he drove he thought about his plan to overthrow clarintor , in her library of ancient texts he had found reference to a now extinct poisonous plant once used by a fallen angel stripped of his heavenly powers .
the power of the plants nectar enough to destroy the angels attacker , the only trouble was the magical plant had existed hundreds of years before .
the power of the plants nectar enough to destroy the angels attacker , the only trouble was the magical plant had existed hundreds of years before .
you know of the khlandra plant and its poisonous effect on demons ?
yes , the plant is extinct , destroyed by the very demons it was supposed to attack .
no i do not believe you , i will not release the girl until i have the bulb of such a plant .
dallon spoke in his head and hoped that tadge could hear him , the khlandra plant exists , oh great tadge , i have heard the great eldeen talk of its powers and how it will be used under attack , i know where to find it .
it appears kroil , i am wrong , my young friend here knows of this plant and where to find it .
tadge retained his gracious composure , i will send my young friend here to fetch the plant and in return you agree to release the girl ?
once i have your word it is indeed the khlandra plant , you will not trick me tadge .
you must go and fetch the plant , the whole plant , for it is the bulbous root we require , i will stay and watch over the girl for you .
you must go and fetch the plant , the whole plant , for it is the bulbous root we require , i will stay and watch over the girl for you .
he is kneeling now , at the edge and digging with his hands as the floor wobbles like a jelly as he tears at its edge and lifts a strange plant in his hands .
as he lifts the plant the head shrivelles to a crumbling mess , falling to the ground as delicate ash but dallon looks pleased , smiling as he turns to face someone watching from the trees , i follow his gaze and there under the canopy is cooper .
chapter 24 dallon returned to the clouded cell with his precious cargo held fast between the palms of his hand , cooper had warned him the plant would die once detached from the earth unless the air was allowed to circulate the bulbous root .
dallon danced behind them shifting his weight from each foot , desperate to rid himself of the horrid stench which the plant emitted .
kroil eyed him warily , and what is to stop you taking her and the khlandra plant ?
with his left arm he scooped up kate 's body in one swift effortless movement as he commanded dallon to place the khlandra plant on the rock which had served as their games table .
she appeared awake but lost in her thoughts , her face stern and worried , i want to ask her about the silver plants but she looks so fierce i think better of it and try to shift my weight gently , to ease myself from bed without disturbing her .
i look at dad full of admiration as he talks excitedly about the different plants and trees , calling them by strange names .
on his guard , he stepped inside and into a long dark tunnel , at the corner ahead , a figure disappeared from sight , he placed his hand around the bulb from the khlandra plant in his pocket and drawing the crossbow from beneath his jacket he pierced the bulb onto the copper barb of the arrowhead , it began to seep a silver liquid .
the plant could be anywhere .
` ` you are worrying now that i am a plant .
i am not a plant and i wish you no harm .
what 's the name of the alaska plant in the b.c .
at least she would n't face plant on her desk .
zarah nodded and took deep breaths , letting robert plant 's croon ease her mind away from her troubles .
i feel the need to get closer , as if something in those lifeless plants was calling me .
it had nt been too long ago when daddy discovered someones illegal moonshine still on the ridge , not to mention , a couple of sites where some ballsie local had snuck back there and seeded a spot for their stash of marijuana plants .
several of our local cops had been sent out there to dispose of the pot plants properly , but i was nt the least bit surprised when they all emerged from the woods with slanted red eyes and goofy grins plastered on their faces .
i walked over to the front living room window , laid tys jacket on a chair , and picked up a wrought iron plant stand sitting on the porch .
i removed the plant and swung the sturdy wrought iron stand against the fragile windowpane .
as soon as i d tossed the plant stand down on the porch , that sick feeling started to subside .
i thought about when i d hurled the plant stand through the window the other day .
i ve always been comforted by plants and flowers .
in caring for the plants that grow here , they learn to value the lives of all living things .
wild trees and plant life that appeared harmless , but gave the distinct feeling of danger when looked upon , simply because they grew so wild and untamed that they were reaching out towards tartarus as though they were trying to reach the souls trapped within his depths .
furthermore , the trees and vines and plants all seemed to be trying to strangle one another , wrapping around everything they could reach .
peyton tried to comfort herself by saying that it must not erupt because of all the plant life around , but her rationalization was quickly chased away by pessimism , thinking that just because it has nt erupted , does nt mean it ca nt .
just plants and bottles and such , diane remembered .
she settled for the kebab house , since this seemed to be the quietest , walked down the aisle between the formica topped tables and sat in the shade of a synthetic rubber plant so that she might eat unnoticed .
every family or single individual owns land to farm and plant and sold their goods for currs in the markets on commerce .
the software applications control oxygen , sunlight , water supply , rain , and defense mechanics from outside threats of electrical storms and falling space debris basically the lives of every person , plant and animal in your home .
the sophisticated satellite systems monitor the man - made superstructures every second and minute in 24 hours , 7 days per week for cracks , leaks , and disruptions that cause ultraviolet radiation to drain into the dome which would cause the ultimate disaster , death to every human , animal , and plant life inside the biosphere for sustaining , not spying , giggling .
the gardens contain flowers and vines of rainbow colors and aesthetic smells of living plants and small animals such as doves , pigeons , squirrels , and rabbits .
i laugh hoping i do nt trip over the plant bushes again and again .
over the wall is a forest of overgrown trees , numerous plants , bushy bushes , assorted wild flowers , flying insects , chirping birds , jumping squirrels , running rabbits , and hunting foxes .
i smell the floral , grass , plants , trees , and fresh cut hay .
i use land and water abots to clear and plow plant gather weed and harvest crops and open farmland .
each noble stumbles from the black sand onto knees sitting upon the wet cool red ground of leaves , bushes and plants .
we use masers , not t - powers to cut a narrow path through the thick jungle of overgrowth of branch limbs , tree roots , flower vines and thick shrub plants .
the fire jumps from tree to tree , branch to branch , limb to limb , plant to plant and leaf to leaf .
i had been observing the deadly funky plants for six months from my bedroom window at four in the morning , when the sun rose to meet the sky line .
as a farmer i also note other non - empirical data consisting of sick animals , sick plants , sick crops , sick wildlife , and sick employees .
biospheres are the man - made glass sandy substances with men , women , children , animals , plants , and insects .
i recognize the lands of united europe highlighted by the shallow water represented the sunken masses of land containing people , plants , animals and life .
earth was going to implode killing all plants , people , and properties .
their land could not grow food , could not nurture plant life .
blue strands popped into her vision as the spirits awakened in her eyes , spiraling in and out , braiding and weaving , splashing into the yellow strands of air and then sinking to the green strands of plants below the waters .
` ` those islands are not made of plants and dirt like whylkin , but of metal and rock .
the plants love me , that 's what they say .
i should practice more on plant and animal subjects , perfecting my powers before turning onto human subjects , especially when i am saving my power to use on basha !
a half - dead spider plant sat in a shiny ceramic pot in a deep window sill behind the wardens desk chair .
spells are tied to the physical world through talismans , and potions have to be made of things tied to the earth : plants , animals , stones , etc .
the plants scattered around in the untouched strip of land ; larger ones towering into the sky and smaller ones within their midst , hidden under thick hanging branches .
thick sets of black trees covered us , along with the snow burying the plants and the garden tools .
i missed the trees and the plants around our garden , as i paced the front door that was surrounded by an empty land .
they loudly slammed the door , breaking the windows and the potted plants beside the door .
many of the plants were colourful and flowers bloomed all around them .
allan nodded grimly and approached the attractive plant with his spear extended out in front of him .
the plant then draws in its victim and absorbs the nutrients . ''
the day 's march was without incident , although stave stopped several times to point out plants and other creatures that posed a potential danger .
a torch , a few smoking incense sticks , and some small plants growing in wooden bowls .
like sorrens hut , it was mostly empty , only some small plants , some incense , and some lanterns .
newton said , but that s like plant blood .
this guy is a plant ?
a plant , susan agreed , but not like any plant we ever seen .
a plant , susan agreed , but not like any plant we ever seen .
how can a plant move around like a human ?
guess grimsby did nt start out experimenting with humans right away , newton said , but that did nt explain why he d started with plants in the first place .
people or plants ?
dude , what scares a plant more than anything ?
bees swoop in and grab the pollen , sharing it with as many fine lady plants as they can , grady said .
do nt want him to run , grady said , want him to think there s some fine lady plants nearby .
step , plant , climb , she reminded herself , step , plant , climb .
step , plant , climb , she reminded herself , step , plant , climb .
cuts that deep took time to heal , even for plants , and the rough ride aboard the moonclipper did nt help .
anyway , so i was sentenced to ten hours of weeding the schools premises with a guy named anthony ( probably some plant geek ) , starting monday .
chapter 2 strolling down the larger of the two aisles in the schools greenhouse , i study the plethora of flowerless plants while i wait for anthony to arrive .
how can anyone tell the difference between these plants ?
flowers and smaller plants run along the outer edges and sit in wood containers on top of wooden risers .
four royal palm trees stand on either side of the oak front doors , and plants that looks like weeds blanket the beds below them .
norse writings cover the handmade box , vine - like plants and slithering serpents snake around the sides and the top .
the trees and plants shrivel up and leave nothing but a desert with sand and rocks and skeletons of trees .
i still feel unusually congested ; i must be allergic to some of the plants on this island .
the hillsides are covered with vines and green plants .
the plants here were definitely healthy .
in the city back home , thought thomas , every plant looked like it was struggling to survive against the odds .
he seemed quite happy when talking about the history of the dragons , the plants and the land , but did n't really say much about the history of darkfol and how it became westminster .
the plants seemed hyper real , more alive than any living thing should be .
i mean , we have trees and plants , but not like this .
the author even wrote the different types of plants that grow inside it .
the closer we get to its middle , the more strange noises , indecipherable tracks and poisonous plants we encounter .
we steered clear of plants whose leaves had red veins , and i took down a fox with my sling as it slinked in the bushes behind berwyn .
he tries to alleviate the tension by whistling or pointing out interesting plants .
fwtang is a lush green world of forests , drinking rivers , food crops , plant fields , and flower valleys housing almost the entire population of fwtanians .
our planet river contains water and fish and plants and flowers flowing in the direction of north to south .
that s why we have such pretty colors outside around the archway and fake flowers and plants and inside my bedroom which is colored orange .
name the color and source of heated energy that feeds the plants , flowers , beasts , species , and humans for survival ?
inside the galaxy i like living , breathing , working and lounging with humans , species , creatures , beasts , plants , planets , stars and jumping my star ship going from point a to point b ?
chokers are twelve inches of bread filled with beast , plant , or artificial food parts .
teeger enjoys adding salt or sugar depending on thanes sweet or tart verbal remark in the public meeting for his terror and tickles since the leoaeus - species only eat meat , particularly fond of zebra - like organs not stinky plants , or sweet fruits .
the planet is solid white including plants , wildlife and trees .
he flies with a horizontal body and outspread arms over the landscape , viewing the overflowing twin water streams covering most of the grass , bushes , plants and flowers .
planet dust arises from various sources lifted up by wind , volcano and pollutions consisting of plant pollen , species and beast hair and skin , textile fibers , paper fibers , minerals from soil and burning meteors .
they eat everything plant stems , flower petals , animal tails , mammal bones , humanoid feet , and disgusting other non - digestible things that i will not mention in mixed company .
he scans the low laying plant bushes of brown and gray colors for the prey .
chapter thirty - eight the dwarves had attached a glass jar full of phosphorescent fungus to the front of the apparatus , but as justin kicked farther and farther into the cold darkness of the lake , its glow had nothing to catch on save the occasional fish or drifting piece of plant .
justin saw now that the vegetation he d cut from the cupola entryway was in fact a particularly ambitious plant rooted in the floor of the chamber near one of the entrances .
and its not like i ever kept plants in my room .
was it just my imagination , or were the garden plants in the front yard and in the hanging baskets along the porch straining in our direction ?
i could feel his warm palm in mine , and after seeing plants grow from nothing it felt like the only real thing in the world .
even carley and nick were no longer sitting on the bench , but hiding behind a large potted plant .
the table and chairs showed signs of frost , as did all of the plants , if they were nt already completely dead .
and a green plant .
the white fog of water upon the rocks , the odd shapes of the rocks in the water , the giant trees and plants and vines near the banks .
my plants are going to die if you do nt let me out , i do nt care about your plants .
my plants are going to die if you do nt let me out , i do nt care about your plants .
were making potted plants .
water was cascading over delicate stones and between moss plants .
on the kitchen table was a fresh lavender plant .
i suggest everyone particularly pay close attention to chapter four : the structure of plants .
he shook his head , muttering to himself , chapter four : the structure of plants , and flipped back a chapter to study .
this test included anything from our current chapters , including ones regarding the differences between human cells and plant cells .
he let out a sigh , then concentrated on taking in the whole scene , memorizing the subtle shades of the stone , the stillness of the trees , the shady spots and the light gilding the rich blue of a flower he did not recognize , and another plant with many small branches topped by pink blooms .
a single desk and a couple fake plants decorated the room .
at our feet small plants were erupting from the cracks in the pavement .
it means plants in general .
florakinetics can create and grow all types of plants . ''
this one day , he and i were working on a group project when this stupid kid named henry started teasing logan about his obsession with plants , and i do n't know how but they started fighting with each other and henry was winning . ''
it was empty but for a few fake plants .
tall indoor plants decorated the corners that flanked small , cushy chairs in the lobby area .
the only dark enough space was under a small row of benches flanked by a couple of fake potted plants .
florakinesis : ability to rapidly generate plants and to manipulate them .
modern silver lighting fixtures hung down here and there , and cactus and succulent plants accented the sparse setting .
i thought it was a bit of green activist myth that there must be large numbers of species plant , as well as animal out there to be discovered in the great rainforests of the amazon .
he drew their attention to a series of articles on respected scientific websites which reported diverse finds from around the world : a new squid in the indian ocean ; a mountain - dwelling monkey in central africa ; frogs , butterflies and plants in new guinea ; ten new species of venezuelan fish ; a jellyfish without tentacles that inhabits the dark depths of the ocean trenches .
so , instead of relying on reports which take no account of the life human , animal and plant that thrives in the area , i m going there to see for myself .
two centuries ago , the first scientists to classify living things recognised only two kingdoms the animal kingdom and the plant kingdom .
after all , they grow many of them from the soil ; and they have rigid cell walls like plants .
however , they make very strange plants , do fungi .
they are not able to make their own food as plants do through the process of photosynthesis .
in fact , scientists grew to understand that fungi are more closely related to animals than they are to plants upsetting for some of the vegetarians amongst you .
now we know fungi do not belong in the plant kingdom nor the animal kingdom .
the areas would remain barren if the crucial top layers were not replaced no plant life , no animals .
harry brought to mind the argument often trotted out by environmentalists : the rainforest contains the most diverse range of plant life on the planet , much of it unknown to science .
they started to get a sense of the way in which everything in this great ecosystem had its own part to play ; that all the plant life , from the smallest shrub to the tallest tree , had its place in the hierarchy .
each of the plants had evolved over millions of years to make the most of its niche .
i do nt know whether you know , but the rainforest could hold countless plants and animals that might be used to help humans .
emma walked a couple of steps ahead and , from time to time , stopped to bend over and pick up flowers or plants which she carefully placed in jars that she had in her backpack .
luna put the jar back into the backpack staring at the tiny plants as if they were venomous snakes that could escape and attack her .
at times , emma would walk away from the path to get to the roots of a tree or to look at a bush and then she would call luna and explain the uses of the plant and how to distinguish them from similar ones .
she really needed the plants .
a tiny plant caught her attention ; she bent down and picked it up , holding it tightly in her hand .
she closed her eyes and could see her standing next to her with the plants in her hands with her smile that lit up her entire face .
it looks like plants or something .
no , but if it helps the plants were located near your ankle bone .
they trudged through the darkness , watching for the plants .
they did nt even know what the plants were or what they looked like , but phillip assumed that once they saw the plants , they would know .
they did nt even know what the plants were or what they looked like , but phillip assumed that once they saw the plants , they would know .
we have to find the plant .
a ticket window stood nearby with broken glass and plants growing all around it .
how many shamans do you know who use potions , extracted from the hawthorn , or mushrooms , or whatever other plant they know can help them ascend to another plane ?
the shamans still awake were preparing for their own journey , laying out a comfortable place to sleep , setting aside an area for their familiar , mixing a potion from the plants and berries they d gathered .
a plant grows under the water , with a prickle like a thorn , like a rose , that will wound your hand .
with heavy stones tied to his feet , he sank down to the waterbed , where he saw the plant growing .
gilgamesh watched the stream carry it away , taking the plant of life back to where he had found it .
at the very same time , king etana was also regularly beseeching utu to show him the plant of birth that grows in the heavens , enabling him to have an heir .
for queen muanna had seen and heard of this plant in her dreams .
the eagle will reveal to you the plant of birth that grows in the heavens , utu promised etana .
i need to find the plant of birth that grows in the heavens .
she gave etana the plant of birth that grows in the heavens .
* chapter 43 a plant of birth .
` ` i ' m , uh , allergic to a plant on that side of town . ''
i push back into the potted plants and ferns .
ms . charpetto crosses the room to a cactus plant with her watering can .
it is quite flexible when first cut from the plant , but after a few minutes it becomes as hard as iron .
no , there are other ways to remove the plant , said pinchbeak .
she should get a plant or two to brighten the place up .
the normally neat lobby , with its sedate furniture and potted plants , was torn apart .
chairs were overturned , the potted plants knocked over and strewn helter - skelter across the lobby .
dressed in a black sweat suit with a hood over his head , he worked in the flower garden caring for the plants .
mr . barndale picked up a tray of eight plants and put it in the cart .
you have a real gift with the plants .
i was born with a green thumb , unlike our neighbor , mrs . wu , who manages to kill every plant her poor husband gives her .
that would be any type of growth that s not part of the plant .
it helps the plants grow more blooms .
well , she imported a poison from hong kong , which she pays me to put in her plants .
and a lot of other plants in this town .
so i m in trouble because i repeated something about mrs . wus plants ?
i guess i like to grow plants .
so you d like to open your own greenhouses like your grandfather and maybe do some plant research ?
one needed not dinosaurs nor even remnants of ancient swamp plants so much as one needed millions of years worth of tiny sea creatures to live and die and settle their little organic carcasses into the ocean floor to be buried beneath more sediment and then , more slowly than a human brain could imagine , be turned into a dense , organic , rich shale .
the brothers remained silent , and encouraged , calibur went on , even excrement when mixed with plant matter , feeds the worms and produces fine dark compost in which good women grow cabbages and carrots and apples , and all good things .
the little plant prospered , but , feeling its life was precarious , it put all its energy into a single lovely bloom .
she walked past jayson to the other side of the room and inspected the plants sitting in front of the window .
apparently she possessed a fondness for plants .
he counted ten potted plants hanging or sitting near the large front window , covered by green curtains .
michael tipped a potted plant on the front porch and revealed a key underneath .
supposedly the seeds that you get in commercial weed produce crap plants for some reason .
yeah , but if you get lights and plants going down there , you could lose all of it in an afternoon .
besides , taylors brother told me you could take a skunk plant to maturity in about four months .
if we do it right , we may be able to get as much as an ounce per plant .
other than that , its wood , nails , sealant , tubing , fans , gravel , tarps , different sized pots , and potting soil , and of course well need plant food .
i do nt know shit about growing plants .
we vaulted a small gate and ran past a converted garage into a backyard with lots of bushes and cactus plants .
potted plants and period art work combined with leather chaises and a number of busts on pedestals to make the office look as though its occupant was an intellectual of the highest order .
it was still fresh with no plants growing over it .
i started to wish i had more forest plants to cover the grave .
small plants had sprouted with tiny flower buds .
it was an extract made from the pillious plant ; a mixture the mycenae traders called mandrake .
a couple of plants , a little fake stained glass and the usual gauze curtains providing little privacy .
it was filled with evergreens , maples , willow trees , and numerous other lush plant life .
she stood at that moment and brought the bowl over by the table near the window and proceeded to dump the water in the straggly looking plant there .
if they caught any kind of movement they would dash under a plant out of sight .
she slowly crept towards her , intend on not scaring the fish , she could see them swimming from plant to plant , nibbling on something .
throw i m in the bucket an plant i m somewhere out the back paddock .
the robin finally finished its meal and flapped off the feeder , dropping its waste on the tomato plant below .
a tomato plant protected by a metal wiring had just begun to sprout , and was fertilized daily by the feeding and digesting birds .
his bald spot glistened with sweat even though the plant was still cooler than usual .
` ` all right then , what about the plant ? ''
` ` just giving the lady here a little plant tour , man . ''
by the fourth day of sailing , the majority of land was farmed : rolling hills covered in wheat ; walnut groves and olive orchards ; and cattle ranches where plants refused to grow .
he wondered if there was any moisture in the scrub - brush spread throughout the desert , but whenever he touched one of the rigid blue plants he could not help but notice they were dry as his hands , if not drier .
at night , they picked the few plants that grew throughout the bleak landscape and made a special brew .
the asa called it akil , and said that boiling the plant cleaned the water and gave the drinker vigor .
the morning was cool and the trees and plants of the neighboring woods were covered in a fine mist that sparkled like thousands of jewels .
from the deep purple leaves of the rhubina plant to the milky white fronds of the bowanta , the water of the valley had grown into an impressive agricultural landscape that expanded as the population and needs of its people grew .
a hatch on the opposite passage opened , workers came in and loaded the plants , which rested on an elevated grate , into small wheeled vehicles , and moved the harvested crop through the tunnels to the district 's warehouse , where it was brought to the surface via the produce elevators .
a flap opened along the back of the plant and filled with the ebbing flow of the current , lifting it upwards toward the surface .
he reached out and stroked the exposed plant with a fingertip .
then the plant can be identified and dealt with .
the passageway was fringed with small clusters of moss and tough , woody plants that grabbed and pulled at his garments and hair .
open plains sprouted with flowers , fields of grass , and plants of all kinds .
how had an entire planet instantly been covered with hundreds of thousands of different types of plants ?
we just moved a few trees and plants to the new world .
then he wondered : are plants afraid ?
he was taught to work hard and also to play , to read and write , to heal with plants and to identify the stars .
they studied insects , plants and even the hairs on their heads .
falimas lessons today had been of local plants and their medicinal value , and this was a day to appreciate them .
do you know , ketzah kowato , she said , picking a cluster of bright orange flowers , that this plant could save you from pneumonia ?
falima laughed and threw the plants at ketzah , then sped off at a fast run .
he looked up to see falima approaching , carefully stepping around the plants as she neared .
be careful , edak , that you do not use too much of this plant , he admonished .
seratl ti thought of this now as he watched the lad , busy at work in the garden tending to a plot of medicinal plants .
visitors remarked on the vast array of nightshade , agrimony , crocus , morning glory , aloe , dock , castor , yarrow , thyme , mustard , tarragon , skullcap , rosemary , sundew , raspberry , thistle , plantain , garlic , mint , fernand plants seratl ti did not yet know the names of .
two willow trees sheltered the ground where his shade - loving plants would be .
away from the trees , he struggledwith klads helpto remove large stones , allowing space for sun - loving plants .
edak tended each plant carefully , noting which were the strongest .
he would experiment with the plants , improve their effectiveness and perhaps even change their nature .
he collected pollens from plants that were similar , yet different in effectiveness .
these he mixed up before distributing onto target plants .
he grafted stalks of one plant to roots of others .
what about your plants , edak ?
they ate your plants , did they not ?
when ogra asked why he was raising more of the cursed plant , he explained this was a different variety , a better one , and that was why he was growing a larger plot of it .
ah , such ecstasy from this simple plant !
she paused , then straightened up to caress the leaf lightly with her plump fingers , as she unconsciously did with each plant she passed .
for nearly two years she had been receiving accounts which he sent to her of this remarkable plant .
and you can channel it into another person , or animal , or plant .
one of the methods i use to find the best medicines is to hybridize , that is , i cross plants together from different varieties .
who could concentrate on plants at this time ?
you , doctor , are trained to work with plants .
well be doing studies on the plants there , he said lightly .
nenuss eyebrow arched slightly at the idea of plant study being interesting .
his eyes fell upon a familiar plant at the side of the road .
do you know , ketzah kowato , that this plant could save you from pneumonia ?
maggie follows the boy past grimy walls with holes and peeling wall paper , past a sitting room with an analog television and neglected spider and ivy plants hanging from macram rope above a mottled couch with a faded lime green floral pattern , a knitted afghan , purple , red , and blue , is flung over it and propped in the corner are two soiled bed pillows ; adjacent to the couch is a worn brown recliner with batting bursting out of the arms , a half - emptied bottle of jack daniels on the coffee table and magazines donning nude women .
i try to imagine the symbolan ivy plant encircling shapes and words in the middle .
detective , he s getting a better aim with each shot , a deputy observed as another shot knocked over a nearby potted plant , illustrating his point .
the plants stretching to receive the mornings blessing from father sol .
the national park was the largest in thailand and featured huge a great variety of lush and green plant life .
his curiosity to name and use plants in landscape led him to enrol in a certificate of landscape design at a technical college close by his place of work .
plant uses and garden profiles came naturally to him .
he was sensible enough to wander the streets to identify plant species and note where they were best suited .
he drew up lists and guides for hundreds of plants and impressed his lecturers with names , their uses and significance in landscape .
maybe it 's in the plants or the landscapes , the slopes and hills themselves , the trenches or whatever remains of them or possibly thoughts of people once occupying them .
all you think about is your plants and gardens that belong to other people , where do i fit into this ?
the people who use the land , the native creatures and plants who once owned the land , are abandoned for practicality and logic .
passing through countryside which was dotted in coconut palms and small fields of rice and corn , stands of bananas , papaya and possibly peanuts or whatever plant that choose that place to put its feet into , knowing it would grow and yield .
the day meaningless until late in the afternoon and the group visited the thien mu pagoda perched on a small hill right beside the river , reached by walking up steps onto a courtyard containing an ancient display of bonsai plants held within their ancient containers , and behind them , a shrine containing three buddha images .
the light was fading fast and wil took some photos of the bonsai plants as the rain strengthened , and the guide leader returned to ask wil to come down the steps to the boat .
it was a display landscape for visual impact , showing diversity in plant shape and colour woven into a folding landscape that etched its way down a slope towards a ravine and creek , set within arching trees creating a permanent canopy and protection from the fierce midday sun .
the temple gardens of kyoto are really a must thing to do for the serious gardener sometime in their life and also for the budding or adventurous landscape architect who is interested in the temple gardens evolution , design , functioning , preservation , history , and relationships the plants of each garden have with each other , for they ever seem in harmony , leading their contented life within controlled environments .
its a wonder what judicious care can do for a plant health and fulfilment .
the rays of the sun and the length of the shadows , the dry or wet of the ground , and what is covering it , and the responses of each plant to its role in each season .
ancient chinese reasoned through logic and whatever aids became available to them such as the moon , its rotation around the earth , the sun and its seasons , the tides and movements of the seas , seasonal change in climate and changes in the behaviour of plants and animals from place to place .
brisbane plants may not suit safety beach and wils drawing table , paper , pencils , and computer for detail and spec were in a self - storage locker .
roslyn said he could sketch just something enough to outline some ideas and maybe attach some handwritten notes to guide the landscape , and attach a plant list , if that was okay .
he wandered around the plant nursery in woopy ; a wholesaler at moonee and large retailer at sawtell with notebook and pencil in hand and prepared a list of available and suitable plants for the area .
he wandered around the plant nursery in woopy ; a wholesaler at moonee and large retailer at sawtell with notebook and pencil in hand and prepared a list of available and suitable plants for the area .
funnily enough , he had practised for 20 years in toowong and never prepared a plant list this way .
they just seem to come to him over the years , for he was too conservative to experiment with new plants .
noting down some points to consider along one side , and on the other side placing a planting schedule for the plants , with notes for expected numbers and species he preferred to use .
we tend to practice traditional ways , use traditional plants and bend all the time to suit the client 's needs .
but at his stage in his life , his love for someone else shielded by fear of commitment , he instead directed his emotions to that of nature , the birds in the trees , flowers and plants , animals on the ground , and the joys of being present within the wonderland of creation .
the next war possibly between people and preservation of nature and nature 's wonderment , its animals and plants and ecosystems and holding places as refugees of another kind , and that of nature and natural orders , untouched by mankind .
frangipani has been used beside the home and this perfect selection of a plant species allowed sunlight to enter the courtyard and terraced areas used by brief and his companions or visitors .
wil moved back up a slight sloping hill towards the home itself passing by an outdoor room resembling a cavern with its stone roof covered by jungle plants and vines .
it was a garden of no flowers , only of plants and lawn and trees positioned and used to create scenes to view rather than touch .
the birds do , the animals do , the plants they all do , the water laying within a pool or gurgling in the stream , the shadows and movement of a breeze .
along the way to sandakan , their bus passed through tens of thousands of acres or thousands of hectares of palm oil plantations , these stretching to the horizon on either side of the highway , illustrating a single plant species covering complete hillsides and lining every gully .
they used the land for profit , replacing what was present before with a crop of greater return and the land itself just a reservoir and birth right to be utilised , any feelings for it and its plants and animals , not recognised in these parts .
the original forest cover had been ravaged for timber logs so it seemed logical to remove what vegetation remained for palm oil , but endemic plants unknown to mankind , possibly lost , and habitat for fauna , including the orang - utan , gone forever .
infertile soils suggest those farmers or people who rely on them suffer because their soils omit inauspicious chi , for healthy plants respond directly to the chi of the soil .
trees and plants live harmoniously with the chi of the soil .
visiting resort styled gardens lining the promenade and beyond , returning at night to notice their chi resonating and becoming elevated through strategically placed lighting which bounced light off embellishments , plants and pathways to help create a true balinese ambience .
tropical or warm temperate plants make tropical gardening easy .
landscaping here is so easy when the palate of plants on offer becomes only limited by the size of the area to be landscaped , the budget of course , and competition for space within the site and influence of the range and plant numbers to be used .
landscaping here is so easy when the palate of plants on offer becomes only limited by the size of the area to be landscaped , the budget of course , and competition for space within the site and influence of the range and plant numbers to be used .
this is coincident with the domestication of plants and animals and the beginning of farming and herding societies .
closein fashion , face to facethe way i speak to you , i received an account of that event that comes from m a n u who became the great l a w g i v e r , who saw the end coming who , being warned by a great fish ( our krishna in disguise ) which spoke to him , knew and prepared , who , accomplishing what was needed preserved life , who , gathering all kinds of seeds , plants , animals , and likewise the wisdom of the prior age in the persons of seven chosen rishis , began everything anew .
from the collection : 1 ) when he had come to sit down under the tree , gotama had felt as if , for lack of something to burn , a fire had died out inside of him , 2 ) that a change of state , as when water becomes steam , had occurred , and 3 ) that perhaps he was like a plant whose many shoots bloom ; some at once , some in sequence .
gotama said , i have often compared our life in the world to a lotus plant that is living in the water .
what i call the archaic revival is the process of reawakening awareness of traditional attitudes toward nature , including plants and our relationship to them .
nothing special a generic particle - board desk , a dead pot plant , a couple of tall metal filing cabinets behind the desk .
the plant prospered for a time , but things never last in skullbone .
you kin make you up some charms , or a doll , an set it under a plant rootwork .
maybe if he dropped his flower plant on one of their heads , then rushed down and offered to represent them in a case against the guy who dropped it ?
it did nt take long for the womans wild clothes and her barrage of potted plants occupying every available bit of extra space to begin to seem normalnormal , at least , for amy , who impressed them because she took time to listen to whatever theories or facts that they had .
even amys normal electric - colored patterns were missing from her clothes , and she hastily shoved wilting plants off of her desk as teddie sat down .
in fact , i love all the plants that she keeps in her office .
it was the middle of the day in india , and amy was at work , running the office with , if possible , even more passion , more plants and more colorful clothes .
the grave was right and regular , the plot devoid of weeds or encroaching plant life .
everywhere smells of moist plant .
she stuffs her hat and woven acrylic gloves into the coat pockets before hugging her purse to her chest and following him into a large light - filled room filled with various armchairs and 1960s - style macram plant holders suspending spider plants in three corners .
and now , why plant bugs ?
he came to a stop between two of the plants .
all was quiet except for an occasional rustle of plants from the wind .
maclean stubbed his cigarette out in the earth of a potted plant .
i pushed myself past hawthorns and ground - hugging plants that tugged at my ankles as i made my way down the side of the house .
two wooden plant pots stood either side of the front door , their soil neatly turned but containing no shrubs or flowers this late in the year .
firemen were busy trying to keep embers from igniting plants and houses .
from it , she had learned of ten different ways to arrange flowers , as well as why it was important not to water plants and grass during hot , sweltering afternoons .
and he had inadvertently stepped on adjacent plants .
nick pointed at a brightly coloured plant that had leaves the shape of dock leaves and a stunning red clover like flower .
it was probably named after the plant of the same name in hg wells book war of the worlds , except that this redweed is very real and very toxic .
chapter 2 twenty - five years ago , sinaloa , mexico the flames leapt up into the night sky , their eerie flickering the only evidence that anything man - made had existed in the deserted field of marijuana plants .
from the plants at the side of the deck , the dead guards radios crackled with panicked orders as he moved through the smoke to the fire pit , where salazars corpse lay sprawled face down on the white cantera in a pool of blood .
except for the occasional moo of a cow in a nearby field or the breeze that rustled the corn plants , it was quiet .
doing some slow side steps , she chose wider spaces between corn plants until she was standing in his row .
she reminded me of the position some plants assume during the night .
her compact yard is overgrown with plants and vegetation and has footpaths worn down over many years leading to every section .
diane told me herbs and plants grown throughout the front and back yards .
she says the plants are used for healing ceremonies to treat illness and rituals to keep away evil .
each plant has a particular purpose such as the treatment of headaches , stomach problems , or arthritis , while other plants are used for incense or sweat baths .
each plant has a particular purpose such as the treatment of headaches , stomach problems , or arthritis , while other plants are used for incense or sweat baths .
they eat whatever they can find , mostly sagebrush , but some grasses and new plant shoots if it rains .
the medicine woman showed me these plants in her garden .
flowers bloom , new plant shoots color the rolling hills , and paint the desert landscape with all the beautiful colors of the rainbow .
i 'd seen other forest fires before , and the beautiful thing about those was plants would start growing immediately after .
` ` believe it or not i saw a light from the sky touch the ground and where it touched , there was a plant .
` ` a plant ... '' was all she managed to gurgle before her breathing stopped .
i kept an eye out for plant shoots .
` ` soil that we can grow plants on .
i focused on the patch of plants .
we would leave it be for now and come back when the plants were older .
there was a plot full of budding plants not too far away .
chapter 4 edwin lee cagill looked out into the night through glass sliding windows : a floodlit swimming pool and adjoining jacuzzi , a formal dining area in white rattan under a green and white striped open marquee , soft green lights picking out plants and shrubs at intervals for two hundred yards beyond .
we are always stopping to look at this creature or that plant , helping insects that are stuck in spider webs , putting a baby bird in its nest , removing fishing line from a beaver dam , and any little thing to help .
i told mae i had to cover the plants in the gardenthat there might be rain tonight .
so , go cover the plants .
isaac takes the first step inside , and she gestures toward the plants at her feet .
i picked my way between broken plant pots and stray seedlings that had taken root between cracks in the floor , fallen sculptures and an old birdbath filled with algae and muddy water .
i thought of the hours i d logged out here with my father years ago , just the two of us watching the sun rise while we tended the plants and he taught me the finer points of making things grow .
one of my favourite quotes is : ' a society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in ' which is from a greek proverb .
i also heard world food inc . is going after independent farmers for harvesting plants with traces of their patented genetically modified foods .
upon leaving the living room we entered a large atrium area filled with tropical plants and assorted patio furniture .
it had a high ceiling , marble floors , brass elevator , exotic plants , a fountain and an extraordinary mural depicting the many different industries that made amarillo such a great city .
in reality , she was an earth protector , who took care of the environment and had control over all plants .
there is suggestion that he was a cia plant .
i have a key to her flat to care for her plants .
the plants she mentioned were evident throughout and pretty much overflowed the floor immediately in front of the glass doors to the small balcony .
the flat area moved like an ocean as the brown plants waved in the prevailing wind .
no longer seen were the yellow blossoms of the agave plants that painted the distant hillsides yellow in mid - summer .
the package he delivered to hasan at the taxi stand contained seeds of ricinus communis , in arabic khirwa ' and known in the west as the castor bean plant .
my father was a farmer ; he grew plants that are now called drugs in the united states , but in those days , there was nothing wrong or illegal about growing them .
brady reached for the remote and james brown fell silent , replaced by the murmuring throb of the water pump as it forced bubbles of air from the tiny diver hiding amongst the water plants .
the fish fled to safety hiding amongst water plants , rocks and ruins .
the lawn was well tended and a few small lilac clusters adorned a line of trimmed plants in a re - bloom for the autumn season .
he recognized all his plants at the bpd .
a dying plant hung in front of a metal door .
he threw the dvd case back on the chair , pulled the curtain aside and looked out at the gloomy garden , now revealed as a narrow strip of green , devoid of plants or furniture or even any rats or foxes .
at the end of the row somebody had tried to make it the chelsea flower show , with clay pots and big plants .
use the potted plant ?
malcolm was a plant .
the plants will use that black stuff to grow better .
i could smell the freshness of growing plants and the musky earthiness of dead ones .
if the author was hitler 's henchman , this weissmuller perhaps , then the whole bauer story could be a plant .
i had mirrors installed in the corner and placed some plants in front of it .
bracken and stems of small plants protested when buzzard stepped over them and came into view .
examination of the water revealed nothing unusual : normal water contaminants , fresh water plankton and various plant spores .
i saw plants that i had never seen in my life .
i ' ve got to get the plants in the drawing room watered , the table set , caroline 's hair needs doing ... '' ` ` right ... er ... well ... we 'll talk later in the day then , shall we ? ''
jeanette , absent - minded as she was , would forget that she had applied the substance to her vegetable plants , then make a huge garden salad a couple days later and drop dead shortly after .
cigarette butts and boxes , dead plants and beer cans decorate what could be a comfortable lounge area .
there s moss and random dead plants that have grown up the sides of the house .
it was full of plants and trees .
i put the grocery - bag down and lifted the potted plant where i knew the key would be .
i m just watering their plants for them while they re out of town .
their back door key goes under a potted plant on the porch , and i think jordan dinns saw where i left it the other day .
i m supposed to water the relnas plants .
it was a small office with fake plants and a large framed photograph of a glacier on the wall .
i did nt say a word about it to the cops , but franco saw you going in there to water the plants .
yeah , to water their plants .
no , i said , the key to the place was under a pot , and some kids from lakeview must ve seen where it was hidden when i went in there to water the plants .
are you in the habit of calling plants ?
obviously i do nt call plants .
there were a few justin bua prints hanging on the walls and some plants in the corner .
i swept and mopped the floors , restocked all the dishes for the kitchen staff , helped the dishwasher load and unload , cleaned the bathrooms , watered the plants , changed lights , you name it .
i was trying to be inconspicuous so i hid behind the same large plant that shielded me from view the first time i d come here .
uhh it seems like you re hiding behind this big plant .
when we arrived , we saw a large swimming pool surrounded by lots of plants .
she was nt sure where , but the light was dim , and she was working hard , sweating -- large fern , hanging moss and vine , jungle plants .
david went back out into the night and found a recess in the building hidden by maguey plants .
david pushed through the brush and followed her , jumping over the surging water , then hiking uphill through broad - leafed shrubbery and thick woods , mist evaporating in the dry air , and the smell sharp with maguey plants .
the gardeners opened the sprinklers to ensure that the guests would enjoy the scent of fresh plants and flowers during their breakfast or their jog through the lush gardens towards the beach .
they walked behind francesca via a small path bordered with tropical plants and flowers .
` ` a mixture of moist , green plants with a sultry smell of earth interlaced with a bouquet of vanilla , tropical flowers and the sharp smell of clove and lavender , '' she declared poetically , ` ` and this path reminds me of something just make sure you do n't fall or we know immediately where the hospital is in this place , '' he replied .
an empty picture frame stood adjacent to a dying cactus plant on the window sill .
chips of bark and plant debris rapidly clouded the air .
he felt like a fly on the lip of a biting plant , at the moment when the sweet scent of nectar gives way to the stench of digested flesh .
so , did he eat the plant himself or was he poisoned ?
what does that trumpet plant look like ?
it was of course possible that someone was growing it indoors as a house plant .
he had used an extract from a plant called angel trumpet mixed with the benzodiazepine .
i have just as much luck with plants .
inside the building , temporary metal detectors hid behind tall potted plants on either side of the doorway to the hall .
every dresser was covered in scarves and fictitious plants , and a line of framed sketches hung on the walls .
i tugged it from underneath the plant and saw a black spade knitted on the center of it , almost like it d been hand - sewn .
oh yeah , i found this upstairs underneath one of the plants .
green plants stood in corners as wild orchids sprouted and came into full bloom .
i walked over to the white flower plant and read the note beside it .
it was a jealously guarded secret , and had probably only stayed that way because of the extreme difficulty in nurturing a plant which had roots imbued with very special properties .
there are lots of full grown trees and plants so they did nt feel like they were so close to the next door neighbor .
after surveying the covered area he saw there were two nice large potted beautiful green plants on the patio .
he checked out the potted plants as he stood on the porch .
he approached his target slowly and when he was confident no one was around , dug out the soil around the base of one of the large plants and quickly hid his bomb .
of course that takes millions and millions in plant investment , so you do what asano did , bring your old pal noda back into the picture .
you monitor our plants at oak ridge and savannah river ; we monitor you ; and together we watch the nuclear threat to humanity simply tick away .
a childs crib stood at one end , drafted into service as a container garden and densely overgrown with baby banana trees , mint , and tomato plants in bloom .
her grandson reappeared as she turned to go , and they left by way of the back door , picking their way through the rear garden with its ragged constellation of tables , potted plants , and flagstones .
we think macdonald is a plant .
he had two cookbooks lined on the counter next to a healthy plant .
no plants or abstract art decorated a corner or desk .
we want to see the humans , plants , animals , fish and all life on earth flourish over time in peaceful harmony the voice said inside of their heads .
blue skies and miles of gardens with thousands of plants of ever color and shape .
verna had taken care of his cat during his stay at the center , griping the whole time about the black hairs boo left everywhere and the tomato plants he had dug up at her house .
the sun was yet to come up but the tribesmen were busy mending nets of plant fiber .
olga stood there with another potted plant , a smaller earthen one .
with that she flung the potted plant at him .
he was a tuber , which had stopped short of becoming a real plant .
inside is a desk with a rather old looking computer on top , some cabinets , some fake plants and an extra chair .
potted plants strewn about , and one such plant was against the edifice and tall enough to partially obscure the black iron decorative address .
potted plants strewn about , and one such plant was against the edifice and tall enough to partially obscure the black iron decorative address .
no desks , no chairs , no plants .
the baliza tree may be the king of all jungle plants , but daemanhur was king of the jungle .
no trees grew within a hundred feet of daemanhur , like the plants were smart enough not to get too close .
what were the plants so scared of ?
in that dismal and endless jungle , even the plants would turn on us , digesting our bodies slowly in pools of gooey sap beneath snapping shells disguised as man - sized flowers and leaves .
and if we survived the animals and the killer jungle plants , we 'd be hunted down by maneaters or a pack of shades or a giant so monstrous he 'd make my uncle 's hired axe , ballard , seem harmless as little saye .
the jungle plants that had overtaken the abandoned city were n't edible .
perhaps , if indeed took me with itself someone of the plant .
the melancholy ciucca when giotto had me i bring the bottle i had instinctively turned on the other side because i was mistrustful , in fact when i was still a police officer i had seen so so many you intoxicate to the plant that i knew very well what the effects of the alcoholic ones are .
i started to ripercorrere to bashful my life remembering all the moments beautiful mistakes with him , holding the fixed eyes to the wall of water that it kept on going down with strength shaking the plants of geranium in the vases and drawing looks for in the puddles .
and to end , with all those bandages seemed me to be ramsete iv , a plant of papyrus they missed only me on the chest of drawers and a solar ship parked on the nile !
then , proceeding on all four , i went beyond the open portafinestra and i started me toward a beautiful plant , the greatest , that was systematized in an angle of the garden .
you come with me and you do what i tell you he responded sure of itself starting again himself / herself / itself toward the plant .
adocchiai immediately a beautiful the happiness 's tronchetto , a plant that it is rarely found for road and that you / he / she had always been mine '' wc '' preferred .
an affable old couple , betty was a big fan of college basketball while earl wore overalls and liked to work in his garden , where he babied his tomato plants and grew them more than ten feet tall .
anya had put two landscape paintings on the wall and flowering plants on her desk .
i came in to water the plants and was startled when i saw you here .
i felt like a plant that had not seen sun or water for weeks .
there were plants in the lobby , spanish tile floors , and bored security guards .
inside , plants grew up walls , hung from the ceiling , and trailed out over new thick carpet .
he was surrounded by plants climbing the walls , soft colors , and framed prints of baryshnikov and impressionist artists .
her chest of drawers were ransacked , closets were gutted , and plants overturned .
when they started with the ball peen hammer , the men did n't overturn any plants or drape panty hose over furniture like the cops .
madeline 's apartment had a beige couch and stuffed chair , a hardwood floor , books and magazines piled in clusters , layers of dust , plants , and a poster of an old woman on the wall .
he was waiting at a back table of an italian restaurant that had white table cloths , plants , and full - length wall mirrors .
honey , where did the potted plant come from that i found in my room this morning ?
we d miss you a lot ; but if you want to go , ill take care of your livestock and your plants and everything .
we found that to be a paint or dye made from roots of some local plants .
david was proud of the plant and enjoyed showing matthew round from time to time .
there is nt very much on it , just a lot of dodgy text messages from some innominate mobile number and a mystery brunette who ca nt skate and sells plants .
he said , hence the plants .
he avoided the online plant finder and went to shows and events , where he discovered that the society ran the annual london flower show and the last of these had been at olympia back in the spring .
we sell plants .
is nt that a bit odd , selling plants in the middle of the city ?
lots of people want to grow plants , you know .
do you want to buy some plants ?
around the place were dotted pot plants of various sizes , from little begonias to decorate the fourteenth floor of the worlds end up to bay trees in clay pots to adorn the piles of kensington church street .
above the plants were draped nets , a kind of jungle effect .
he browsed along the pot plants for a minute or two , but he knew nothing about any of it .
naturally growing plants are supplanted by artificially growing ones , primarily in on the lands of farms .
she starts dosing the garden with the pesticide , spraying the leaves of the tomato plants before moving to the asparagus plants and onwards to a few poplar trees that are in the garden for decoration .
she starts dosing the garden with the pesticide , spraying the leaves of the tomato plants before moving to the asparagus plants and onwards to a few poplar trees that are in the garden for decoration .
how much did those kids water the plants ?
now i know i did nt water the plants too much .
keeps the plants growing smoothly .
a farm inspector for the animal and plant health inspection service ( aphis ) , a subdivision of the department of agriculture , his job routinely involves fieldwork on farms ; constantly on the lookout for anything from genetically engineered invasive species to agricultural bioterrorism .
the primary objectives of the animal and plant health inspection service are a broad spectrum from protecting animal health and well - being to regulating new biotechnology .
but their job over at bakerfield is plant protection and quarantine .
the offices laboratory is a small yet well - lit room that houses the usual assortment of microscopes , freezers , burettes , petri dishes , calorimeters , cages , spectrophotometers , incubators , and homogenizers that one would find in a lab intended for work on plants and animals .
fao also has programs to conserve and sustain crucial plant and animal genetic resources .
the team took quick note of the dead worms all over the soil ; thousands of little dead bodies spread across the farm , under bushels of corn , next to potato tubules , and around strawberry plants .
mark cuts off a small stud from a strawberry plant , which looks like a dark green leafy shrub with strawberries growing in the middle , and places the stud in a bag .
no usual lesions or marks on the plants , they seem fine .
mike comments to greg and peter , well , so far it seems your plants should be fine , at least on the outside .
no plant diseases that i see .
again , on the strawberries there is no slime , no rot , no leaf spots , no powder ; i do nt see any connection to the worms from these plant crops .
but the plants were all treated with the herbicide .
so were going to assume that the herbicide either has no effect on the plants , or the effect has nt taken effect yet .
that way the plants do nt die when sprayed with the herbicide .
the plant cells of the crop in question are injected with bacteria that have a natural immunity to glyphosate .
do nt forget , the plants will reject foreign dna .
in some cases the techniques used to implant this new dna damage the cell plants during the gene - manipulation process .
could it be a catalyst for some negative reaction on the plants themselves ?
but then , after years and years , the plants evolve .
not our plants , of course not .
however , did you have any previous record of any plant or animal disease outbreak on your farm ?
no plant diseases , no animal diseases .
along the way they hear the story that they expected to hear- mr . hoffman had borrowed mrs . ibanezs superpower groundup herbicide earlier during the day to use on his plants .
mike digested the information quickly , before proceeding to ask the man all the usual questions- history of plant disease , insect infestations , frequency of herbicide use , etc .
the herbicide is designed to kill unwanted or harmful plants through toxic chemicals but should have little to no effect on native species in the affected area .
the room you are about to see has all the elements of a gene gun lab , a plant tissue culture lab , and a growth chamber .
since its inception decades ago , grounduphas focused on inhibiting the production of the enzyme epsp , which is vital for the plant to manufacture amino acids necessary for metabolic growth .
glyphosate also attacks the plants rhizomes and roots , leading to death and decomposition within a few days .
as you all know , herbicides are specifically designed to kill plants , not organisms .
they regulate soil processes such as structure , organic matter decomposition , nutrient cycling , plant growth , and so forth .
in the soil , the worm drops castings which create organic matter for plants to feed on , and the castings also absorb nutrients which are then taken by the plants .
in the soil , the worm drops castings which create organic matter for plants to feed on , and the castings also absorb nutrients which are then taken by the plants .
their burrows in the soil allow better root penetration by plants , and they also increase microbial activity of microorganisms such as mycorrhizl fungi which promote plant growth .
their burrows in the soil allow better root penetration by plants , and they also increase microbial activity of microorganisms such as mycorrhizl fungi which promote plant growth .
all these activities are crucial to helping plants grow healthy and strong .
most agricultural plants are dependent on having good , fertile soil in which to grow- this means plenty of soil nutrients , water , and aeration .
earthworms decrease levels of plant pathogens and parasites in the soil .
excessive nitrogen levels can be as detrimental to crops and plants in general as too little nitrogen .
in fact , excessive nitrogen causes toxicity in plants which could be passed to second - level consumers of that plant .
in fact , excessive nitrogen causes toxicity in plants which could be passed to second - level consumers of that plant .
it will also make the plants weak are more susceptible to disease , parasites , and possibly death .
earthworms suppress plant diseases , not receive them . ''
they 're going to be screaming for outside food until they find a way to find a way to increase agricultural output relying less on the soil and more on the qualities of the plants themselves .
simply put , the soil will degrade in quality until it is no longer usable but rather detrimental to the crop plants .
and then , without good soil , you could have excess water that does n't drain which will drown plants ; dusty , weaker soil that does n't support root structure , organic matter that piles up and does n't compose .
the plants will slowly die from this , crop plants are as sensitive to changes in their soil environment as they are to climate change , if not more so . ''
the plants will slowly die from this , crop plants are as sensitive to changes in their soil environment as they are to climate change , if not more so . ''
orange juice was at a premium since the orange crop was nearly entirely destroyed- the crops from california and florida were totally wasted , as farmers complained of small lumps growing on the plants instead of full grown fruit .
no humans , animals , plants , fungi , bacteria , or protozoa would be allowed to go from one side to the other .
he thinks this is just another plant disease .
can we grow plants in poor quality soil ?
following the same line of though , arguments are made that criticize how aeroponics grows plants in a medium that may not provide the same quantity and quality of nutrients as plants grow in soil .
following the same line of though , arguments are made that criticize how aeroponics grows plants in a medium that may not provide the same quantity and quality of nutrients as plants grow in soil .
one engineer makes a counter by remarking that plants have been grown successfully in space , and there are plans to produce food in space for longer space voyage .
worst still , the multitudes of plants that comprise our diverse biospheres across the globe , from indonesia to india to panama , are equally if not more so at risk of extinction .
that companionship is now dead , and the only remnant of that bond is now the dead stalks of plants strewn across the barren land .
yet , in a way it was quite logical that international air travel had not suffered the same way as had agriculture , the timber industry , or any other economic activity that depended on plants .
the green represents remaining forest and chlorophyll plants . ''
the world famous rooftop garden atop the rockefeller center has begun hosting tomato plants , with plans to add lettuce and apples in the near future .
the walls were painted a soft peach , and lush plants were lined between wooden benches .
mr . dalton tried to explain different plants and their nutritional value , i ate all of the plants , roots and mushrooms that mr . dalton picked and from a small taste i could tell everyone about the percentage of nutrition as well as the medical benefits , if there were any .
mr . dalton tried to explain different plants and their nutritional value , i ate all of the plants , roots and mushrooms that mr . dalton picked and from a small taste i could tell everyone about the percentage of nutrition as well as the medical benefits , if there were any .
all of my other classmates tried to eat the plants which i had pointed out as edible , but they all said it tasted disgusting .
domin asked me to eat a plant that he knew to be very poisonous .
i took the plant and ate the whole thing quickly .
eddy has eaten a poisonous plant .
i called to the teacher , i knew the plant was poisonous before domin handed it to me .
a cell is the structural unit of plant or animal life .
left was an icy statue of maria theresa of austria , who stood alone in the middle of the square , surrounded by barren plants well into hibernation .
all of the plants were blooming and the animals scurrying around , unafraid of the cars flying by .
occasionally tripping over rocks or stopping to look at odd plants or moss formations .
perhaps bloom had found water where the plants were able to grow : jill hoped so .
they turned and walked the rear wall , a bit more difficult here , with bushes and tall plants up to the wall .
his light abilities stretched only to simple plant growing .
shema bit into some sort of plant and began to tear at it with playful growls .
andr could nt see the police car for the mass of plants and the mist on the glass , but he knew already that it must be at the gate barrier from its flashing blue light .
touching seventy , in a floral print dress as bright and confused as the array of plants and flowers in pots and tubs she was busily watering , she was the only other person to have used her courtyard space as a small garden .
madame chercule , straightening up from tending her plants , spotted his departing back as he was halfway across .
the ferns and foliage plants were greener than elaine had ever seem them ; the boggy soil between the rocks and boulders provided the perfect place for plant life to flourish .
the ferns and foliage plants were greener than elaine had ever seem them ; the boggy soil between the rocks and boulders provided the perfect place for plant life to flourish .
she blended in well with the potted plants on the deck and the ivy growing against the house and along a privacy wall .
exotic flowering plants and all sorts of light - filtering greenery surrounded them .
various desert plants were scattered along the back walls .
pink , funnel - shaped flowers of the oleanders , with their leathery , narrow leaves and creamy yellow edges were dynamic among those plants whose short flowering lives had passed with the spring and summer months .
trudi crushes her menthol cigarette into the soil of the plant pot that sits on the cheap plastic table .
about fifteen minutes later they were surrounded by luscious bountiful plant life .
this is very good news for lovers of the scenery and hiking especially since the government is also funding a rebuilding program that will be planting trees and other various plants that were indigenous to the area .
several of the plants died and were removed by the new owner .
countless windows stared down at her , festooned with christmas lights , homemade curtains , ornaments , and pet plants , all of which would eventually have to be taken down .
its a plant , randal said .
an isolated and dusty fake pot plant leans up against one of the stale white walls ; a fan spins lazily above .
wo nt your plants die ?
the doors drift open revealing an empty compartment with a vibrant plant in the left corner .
even though david knew anna was a plant , he still asked her to dinner for the following evening .
its basically a system where water with nutrients runs over the roots of the plants and the yield is a lot higher and faster than a plant in dirt .
its basically a system where water with nutrients runs over the roots of the plants and the yield is a lot higher and faster than a plant in dirt .
strychnine , a nervous system stimulant , is a plant alkaloid found in the seeds of a plant called nux vomica .
strychnine , a nervous system stimulant , is a plant alkaloid found in the seeds of a plant called nux vomica .
the plants were still alive .
first the laser , he moved it into position behind the plant and thumbed it on .
he then told me that he had to see her because he had run out of shamanic plants !
she knows of certain special roots and plants shamanic plants that i need to contact my allies .
its all to do with vibrational energy , but well not get into that right now , but by using certain psychotropic plants and substances along with the appropriate rituals , it is possible to access these places and communicate directly with the inhabitants what people sometimes lump together as ghosts or spirits .
they are mainly nature spirits , animals and plants , but i can also feel what the first nations would call ancestors all over the place here .
my nose was taunted and teased by the scents of plants and animals mixed in with the deep , damp litter of pine needles which cushioned every footstep .
the site on which it was established was originally covered by acre upon acre of wild scottish mint , menthus caledonius , an ancient forebear of the various types of plant sharing the same genus found today .
modern prints in white wooden frames hung on the walls with single large tropical plants tastefully positioned at each corner .
a large plant had been placed in front of it as if to cover up the damage .
potted plants covered every available flat surface of the room .
the dutch do like their plants , wall thought .
matt told her all about the animals , plants , fish and much more .
` ` that is the leaf of the cannabis plant , sometimes called weed . ''
` ` it was n't the plant as much as the principles that it represented . ''
at face value it seems like a pretty simple issue : the people have decided that the prohibition of a natural plant was not in the best interest of those states .
how could a doctor drop him just for asking a question about a plant .
i soon found out that surrounding the little sticky plant was a host of negative associations , planted by a systematic and continued campaign against it .
` ` why was a plant so dangerous that it needed to be illegal ?
` ` how can a plant bring down a superpower ? ''
we as humans believe ourselves to be so much higher than other animals yet we ca nt seem to shake our most undesirable traits , and we are fighting over the use of a plant .
in 1937 , the marijuana tax act was passed , and the united states of america became one of the first countries to make it illegal to grow or use a natural plant that had been used for most of human history .
` ` you know your philosophy , but what about the history of this plant ? ''
cannabis , the flowering plant now know by its mexican slang term marijuana , was used as a medicine .
the us pharmacopeia suggested the magical plant could be used to treat fatigue , depression , cramps caused by menstruation , migraines , asthma , and a host of other everyday ailments .
the law ordered all farmers to grow the precious plant .
hemp was even accepted as legal tender during the colonial days , because until 1820 , 80 % of all mankinds textiles were made from the plant .
it made it possible for a single plant to replace trees in the production of paper , petroleum in plastic , and cotton in the production of clothing .
hundreds of prickling plants stood in the gaps between trees , growing wildly and completely out of control , just waiting for their chance to ensnare a passer - by .
the rest of the room is cramped , with bookcases and side tables filled with books and knickknacks and enough tiny plants ( mainly cactuses ) that i begin to think the overhead light is a heat lamp ; once i notice that there s anoles and geckos roaming the room freely do i believe the overhead light is without a doubt a heat lamp for the terrarium / office .
he tried leaning james dean - casual against the desk edge but knocked a potted plant over with his ass .
pauls social skills rated just higher than a house plants .
with a burst of inspiration , i picked up the potted plant that marshall had tipped over when lisa had walked in on our awkward moment .
safari park is what i will never stop dreaming of , the ambience , colourful birds , rare plants , monkeys hopping on trees .
` ` i saw this falling out of the bathroom window '' , she added , holding up a plastic bag containing a substantial amount of cannabis plant .
all around them were green plants in various states of growth , sprouting from long troughs lined from end to end .
the grass in the yard was overgrown and filled with weeds that seemed to be as high as sunflower plants .
he walked toward the sink , then lifted the glass jar he 'd been drinking from and poured a little of the clear liquid into the black dirt of a small green , leafy plant .
she then pointed out which plants in nature were edible .
on the second morning at the house , i d been awoken by the phone and given cindy dvorak , the missus of the manor , the rundown on her pets and plants .
the last time plants anywhere had been doused so thoroughly , an old guy stealing glances at the sky had been running around collecting pairs of animals , two by two , for his big , wooden boat .
heaving himself upwards , he wedged one foot against the plant , balancing precariously .
they could have put a plant on my chair and it would have been more useful , at least passing around oxygen instead of taking it .
fredric , who was fiddling with some plants in the small poolside garden sighed , said sure in a high - pitched voice and walked inside to make b 's favorite drink , a fruit and vegetable smoothie with a generous dose of vodka in it .
they contained pieces of paper and plant matter here and there .
he had to send most of them to the other plants there were so many of them applying .
they re plants , moles , programmed they re handled by the elites they ve been triggered .
between the two of us , we keep each others plants going .
the wall - planks , in some cases four feet wide and twenty feet long , were lashed with plant fiber twine to smaller log uprights that spanned the gaps between the larger house posts .
overhead , strings of plant fiber stretched between upright posts , and from these hung very large quantities of salted and drying fish , herbs , and meat .
he had been weaving a rope from plant fibers when we entered .
human , animal , or plant genes ?
one of the plants may be its source , or it may be a substance generated during the cooking process .
send me an email , said zachary , suddenly leaving his office with only a single plant in his hands .
on a whim , he placed his plant on a bench and entered the coop bookstore , the place where , prior to the internet , most harvard students bought textbooks .
despite the large sign over the door and a couple of benches in the garden ( and a scattering of small plants each held upright by a wooden splint with a tip filed needle - sharp for some illogical reason ) , it was obvious this place was someones converted house .
i remembered the plants in the front yard , and their sharp - tipped stakes .
one was a remembrance of why surfer - dude and cohorts had put spiked splints on the plants growing in the front yard - below me !
the living room was a mix of old and modern , with at least one potted plant for every electrical item .
i have a long dead plant and i rip it from the planter and scatter the remaining dirt in a heaping mound .
it had taken the group a year to pick the plant in the chicago area as a good target .
locals tidied the place up from time to time and occasionally one would see groups of elderly men and women carefully tending the few remaining plants .
slightly annoyed , she looked at the jagged stems of the roses , ripped from the plant carelessly and she worried about the thorns that were probably embedded in the twins hands .
then she thought of the hours of careful work she had put into those plants .
there were plants in each corner and in the spaces between the furniture , the leaves healthy and green next to the pale pastels of the room and the bleakness of the weather outside .
both helga and sayer emerged from the room , and she went directly out into the backyard , where i was watering the plants .
i cleared the table , washed the dishes , kept myself busy with the laundry for a couple of hours , vacuumed the living room rug , watered the plants , and answered the door when someone knocked late in the afternoon .
in the hard - packed yard , crocuses were popping through a fringe of strawberry plants and a chickasaw plum was shyly in bloom a black crown vic was parked across the street and a small knot of strangers were waving signs and chanting by the front gate .
the trellis to which my vessel plant was clinging was on fire .
i heard the flames licking at the poor plant .
the roots of the plant were failing .
the vision pushed its way to the front of my mind as hailey and ralph pulled out the conversation with joshua the elder , the smoke - filled town square , the flames devouring the bush i had used for communication , and even the feeling of what it was like for that poor plant in the final moments before it could nt support my presence .
there are caves for shelter and plenty of rivers for water and plants for food .
rather than comparing the plants between children , these humans would be able to see the plant growing in our hands .
rather than comparing the plants between children , these humans would be able to see the plant growing in our hands .
they carefully inspected the first line of childrens plants before excusing them into the town .
i had seen haileys plant sprout from between her fingertips and imagined that those new sprouts also had sprouts .
once her plant was seen , she would be exposed .
when i skipped across the roots in my childhood , when mother tree allowed me to see the courtyard of orenda , did every plant along the way have to agree to allow me to see ?
at least his music moved the potted plants off the kitchen windowsill , if nothing else .
by the dust and water stains , one could infer that a potted plant was once there .
next to her sat a small potted plant with a few blood stains on the rim of the pot .
she glanced down at the plant , and cried even more , whimpering .
she reached out , and ran her finger along one of the leaves of the plant .
she whipped off the sheet , revealing a potted plant .
a plant , '' said bill , flashing an ingratiating smile to rachel .
` ` i know , '' replied heather snidely , ` ` it looks like just a plant .
now , i know you 're all going to think i ' m crazy , but something 's different about this plant . ''
` ` a damned plant ? ''
` ` this plant is different , '' she said , refocusing .
well ever since i had this plant , i ' ve gotten hundreds on tests without even studying ! ''
they all stared at first her , then the plant , with none of them moving .
` ` if it 's just a stupid plant , '' pressed heather , speaking to ethan , as she knew he really was the weakest of them all , ` ` why do n't you touch it ?
paul warily stepped aside , and ethan came to stand over the plant .
` ` let 's see how special your stupid plant is now ! ''
hs arm just went back to his side , limp , yet still grasping the plant .
` ` what the -- '' as he pulled up the plant , he found the leaves were wrapped around his fingers .
gently he put it down , and slowly the plant unfurled its leaves from around his fingers .
he looked back down at the plant , with a subtly different aspect to his gaze .
at those words , lizzie lunged for the plant , but before she could reach it , heather snatched it out of the way .
` ` uh - uh , '' she said , wagging her finger , ` ` it 's my plant , and only i decide who gets to touch it . ''
` ` who needs your stupid shitty plant anyway .
` ` it 's a plant , paul ! ''
` ` the plant 'll be here , '' said heather , ` ` so you three do n't need to make up your minds right now .
` ` no matter what the plant may or may not be doing when someone touches it , two people are dead . ''
` ` do you remember when phil got the plant ? ''
` ` when was the plant brought into his room ? ''
last thing i would even think about was a plant . ''
` ` they ' ve touched the plant ; we should too .
` ` she wo n't have touched the plant . ''
the plant just wants to keep on living , and it 'll give us a gift to do it . ''
he decided to get rid of the plant ?
16 when the morning came , and the new initiates of the plant awoke , all seemed within their grasp .
the plant might make you able to resist temptation , or have confidence that you did n't before , but can it really fix anything ?
` ` you were real quick to take the easy way out , the first time heather showed the plant .
there was a time , before the touch of the plant , that adrian would have demurred and just given lee the money .
` ` that plant .
we ' ve each touched the plant , and neither of us has her .
her classmates at alliance pressed on her thoughts as well , and she was eternally grateful that she did n't touch the plant .
and i must give you credit ; i'dve thought you'dve been the first to touch the plant , to become something other than a morbidly obese self - loathing little girl .
` ` it was stacey , and her plant .
` ` you touched the plant , did n't you ? ''
before he touched the plant , his stomach would have twisted into so tight a knot he would ' ve needed to evacuate his bowels .
` ` i can feel what the plant did to you ; you 're different . ''
` ` this looks like the plant lizzie has . ''
as he looked harder at the field before them , he knew it was filled with those plants .
instantly , the small plants along the edge grew dramatically in size , to where they stood up to rachel 's knee .
i might not end up to be that man , because of the plant .
the plants grew higher and higher the further into the center he walked , until he could n't see more than a few feet ahead .
after what seemed to be a lifetime of travel , the plants diminished in height , revealing an ovular clearing .
bill moved closer , drawn to the figure , the leaves of the plants parting to let him through .
his skin was covered with the same colored leaves as the plants , and stalks substituted for veins .
` ` a different version of you , '' said the plant - boy , his voice like the hissing of leaves in a storm .
bill began to back away , but the plants joined together to form an impenetrable barrier .
the plant - boy gestured to where rachel would be , standing far on the other side of the mass of plants , and bill could feel in his mind what it asked him to do .
the plant - boy gestured to where rachel would be , standing far on the other side of the mass of plants , and bill could feel in his mind what it asked him to do .
the plants behind him parted , making a path that led to rachel .
` ` i do n't know , but we 're almost out of sight of the field , '' lied bill , as he led her down the narrow clear path leading deeper into the field of plants .
` ` but those plants , '' she said , her hair still covering her eyes .
she screamed and tried to run , but the plants shifted under her , keeping her off - balance .
he felt the need to grab her , to hold her in place , but was unable to move , though no plants held him still .
somehow , even without sight , she managed to pull herself free from the twisting vines of the plants and make her way slowly to the edge of the clearing .
she pulled on her leg twice , thinking it to be just another plant , but as she reached down to pull it off , she felt the brittle , hard bone and went mute and white with terror .
the plant - boy wrapped his arms around her as she went into shock , slowly pulling her through an ocean of leaves back to the center .
the plants helped to spread her , as her lower body sank into the ground .
a couple of straggly pot plants occupied one end .
that is why the plants are so green .
varicolored flowers on each side of the steps and flowing green plants surrounded her .
the large man inhaled deeply as he advanced down the sidewalk lined with decorative stones , leafy plants , and flowers .
tucked beneath the overgrown plants was the pail of blackberries .
he was also frustrated that credit was given to some tagalog from luzon for ideas and plans for plant improvements that he , salim , had thought up .
an occasional tall bushy pot plant separated some of the tables .
then , to the amazed stare of one of the receptionists , he moved one of the pot plant containers to make his presence in the chair difficult to be seen , though he could still see through the foliage .
it was an attempt to demonstrate the effect of carbon monoxide on plant life .
the experiment actually turned out in the opposite than the initial hypothesis , which was that plant life would die with elevated levels of carbon monoxide .
of course , the truth is , plant life only takes in carbon monoxide so therefore , the plants thrived with elevated levels of it .
of course , the truth is , plant life only takes in carbon monoxide so therefore , the plants thrived with elevated levels of it .
he stopped the video and continued his lecture , with an increase of only 20 percent , the study revealed complete failure and death of the plants .
with the high possibility of increased levels of ozone on our planet , we will see a decrease in plant growth there is no question .
now , we do nt know if all plant life will respond in the same way but the plants you see here were soybean and cotton ; a staple the world over .
now , we do nt know if all plant life will respond in the same way but the plants you see here were soybean and cotton ; a staple the world over .
in my mind i had the chronology of events starting with the nullification of gunpowder and then plant life , but it appearsand it makes sensethat plant life would be most volatile to ozone changes , said matt .
the point is the plants and black powder will not be the only things affected by the minimum .
since we can not predict how the minimum will affect humansor any other plant or animalhow do you protect the world when you do nt know who the enemy is until it is too latelike the poor rat .
the minimum will cause the ozone layer to descend closer to the earths surface which will cause some plant life to fail .
numerous plants were growing up through sections of the floor where the tiles were broken and missing and hengist closed his eyes as he felt a tingling in his head signaling the onset of unconsciousness due to the pain in his leg .
without it , plant 37 could not function .
the board , that was the combined name for the monitors , showed each plants condition on a single line .
bills focus was on three plants : plant 1 had just begun flashing red .
bills focus was on three plants : plant 1 had just begun flashing red .
focus on plant 37 .
remons global produced it only in plant 37 .
he called sam to check on his own plants status .
this is my plant .
quietly , but very firmly , malete said , zanyer , this is my plant now .
they are nt stopping at plant 37 .
he continued , amputating plant 37 will , hopefully , be sufficient to save remons global .
they can have plant 37 .
all twenty - eight plants .
i took the opportunity to scribble down the name and dare a peak through the leaves of the plant to see what was going on .
surrounding this little oasis were rows and rows of potted plants , mostly cactus since they did nt require constant watering in the heat of the desert sun .
in the beginning i had no plant to inflict any permanent damage to keith miller , but now i wanted to see him dead .
i missed autumn , the smell of decaying plants and the snap of brisk morning frost .
no suspicions of the plants .
i d give you some vicks to put under your nose , but it does nt cancel the odor out ; it just makes death smell like a eucalyptus plant gone bad .
you ll pass miles , of what looks like vast areas of nothing but monotonous dry and empty land , dotted with desert plants .
* * * chapter 4 red mountain red mountain is nestled up against the rolling foothills and home to the mojave yucca plant , prickly pear , creosote bush and sage bushes .
he taught them how to stay concealed , behind the yucca plants or sage bushes .
they hid behind the yucca plants and other desert plants as they crept from place to place .
they hid behind the yucca plants and other desert plants as they crept from place to place .
once he was outside the property , he used the cover of the yucca plants , sage brush and other desert plants to hide behind as he made his way from one to another .
once he was outside the property , he used the cover of the yucca plants , sage brush and other desert plants to hide behind as he made his way from one to another .
there was a lot of desert plants on both sides of the trail .
he said , we usually hide around the yucca plants but this time i hid in some rocks just to catch my breath and that s when the snake bit me .
she could nt see him crouched behind a large plant , not too far away and in the dark .
they were only about two hundred yards from home and hiding along the trail in a clump of yucca plants .
he did nt get far before he lost sight of justin , who was deep into the darkness and hiding behind the plants .
justin was staggering and struggling to stay on his feet as he made it to the familiar spot behind a clump of yucca plants .
he went behind some yucca plants and sat down and tried to collect himself .
back in her room , she eyed the flattened plants beneath the window as she pulled the frame shut and prayed that by morning the grass would have recovered sufficiently to withstand scrutiny .
flashlight beams played across the plants near the junction box .
the narrow wooden deck looked down over the steep slope of the garden , a jungle of roses , ivy , passionfruit , jasmine , bougainvillea and other tropical plants not known to me , a tree laden with lemons and near the bottom another tree , huge and gnarled , which i thought was a plum .
she paused for a moment before continuing rather tentatively storm always seemed quite interested in plants , especially from a medicinal aspect , and she did some drawings of some of the ones in the garden .
it contained handwritten descriptions of some plants and their medicinal uses , and i read a few at random .
there was a large weaving loom in the centre , various rugs and scarves in drab colors draped over the furniture , a dying pot plant , and piles of books .
we went into a different room than before , a sort of a conservatory containing several potted plants , an array of wine bottles and glasses , and a further selection of artifacts .
there were plants everywhere .
jackson got up and walked over to a purple plant that was making strange noises .
he just sat there taking huge drags from this cactus plant .
its the chemicals and minerals of the plants you have seen , mixed with mineral water .
wild ginseng cultivation is highly regulated with stiff penalties for growing or harvesting plants without permits and licenses .
mature ginseng plants , meaning at least five years old , can produce roots that can sell for as high as five hundred dollars per pound .
so we need to keep quiet about the hundreds of mature ginseng plants on the property .
it takes just the right composition of shade and soil conditions for the plants to prosper , and the soil here and large population of shade trees made this an ideal place to cultivate ginseng .
jack negotiated in the lease that he could use the seeds from the ginseng to plant new crops , but could not uproot any plant .
its like a full cycle , from the earth , to the plant , to the water , to the animal , to the earth again .
and you use the enriched water to hydrate the plants .
with wild eyes she took in every plant , nook , and cranny , then.she saw joshua .
i asked her the atomic symbol of xanthium , which made her laugh because there is nt a xanthium element ; its a plant , highly toxic by the way .
the plants you see in the barn here are being cultivated on the reservation also .
i see you also instruct on how to cultivate and process the plants , and what equipment is needed for each , tracy said .
each of them were chopping the roots and leafy heads off the bulbous beet plants .
it is mainly comprised of mineral water , but it also has the essential chemicals derived from all the different plants you see in this room , plus some others .
but it did , so i am going to switch out the mescaline and replace it with a slightly elevated amount of a plant named kava , and also elevate the hemp slightly .
he pointed out several ginseng plants while they walked .
and there are hundreds of ginseng plants here .
when you re done , help me water these plants .
that should nt be necessary , hartley said while rodgers took the liberty of inspecting the various plants .
there is a plant growing facility there that is similar to this one .
jermaine , shoot a walk - around and capture the different plants .
joshua , would you mind walking in front of jermaine , slowly , and give a commentary on the plants .
joshua mentioned all twenty - four plants while pacing the barn interior , then eva and he reconvened at the lounge table .
eva : why those particular plant varieties ?
some of the plants , like the beets , and flax seeds , for instance , target brain function .
some of the plants have qualities that benefit the central nervous system .
my technician in atlanta wants to know more about the kava , as in what part of the plant do you use and how much ?
she made up over six thousand jars before she ran out of a couple of the plants .
a climbing plant stretched its branches from the ground up , covering the walls of the edwardian mansion nearly to the top .
in the middle of this magical spot , there was a wooden house with no door and it had been completely covered by climbing plants .
no plants following its inner circle of life .
i took a deep breath , exhaling as i watched a heavy ground layer of fog crawl toward me , stretching and contracting over the plants and rocks like ghostly white fingers .
the power of the vampire king is weakened in the presence of the garlic plant and is held at bay by the touch of holy water .
then he handed me another tightly - tied small bundle of fresh plant leaves and flowers .
interspersed among the seemingly endless varieties of trees , plants , and flowers were dozens of pavilions .
they were midway through an extraordinary collection of bonsai plants when lin ming mentioned something about another garden in the old city .
and does your house have a yard , with plants and flowers , and maybe some trees ?
still vivid in his memory were the landscapers consulting fees , the selection of dozens of plants , and a few trees , brickwork , sprinklers , and of course , the mounting costs to completion .
most chinese do nt have a house , or a garden , and they ca nt afford to buy plants and flowers .
the standard marble floor , veneered teller windows , and a few decorative plants gave it the unmistakable appearance of a bank .
could they set up enough false lighting and air filtration systems and plant life - hell , even other animals , if they wanted to , i suppose - right now to where it was an ongoing thing , to where they never had to come up for air again ?
an animal , too , not a plant , or a bookshelf .
even the large wooden wheel appeared to have taken on the green of the amazingly lush plants ; but in the dappling of the sun , scum of drab nappy moss grew visible , a copper - tarnish smell you could see .
every life and plant seemed to resist their journey , but their hindrance was futile , and finally , the stranger and his victim reached their destination and the final resting place of sandra and another : alfred sissons bell - pit .
coal , totally created from the death of living organisms and plants , crushed , compounded and preserved for thousands of years and then brought out of the ground by other living organisms such as mankind to burn .
what kind of a plant is it ?
he smelt the fresh earth and plants above him , and came to the conclusion that he was incarcerated in some outdoor prison of some kind .
his room overflowed with plants and flowers from all over the state .
one of the bees , a scout , was just starting to alight on the emerald green highest leaf when the entire plant suddenly disappeared .
the bee , never before having its life work vanish before its compound eyes reversed its direction and began zigzagging around looking for another plant to land on .
the outside was disguised by an overshadowing of lush plant life and its reflective surface was made to look like mica in the mountain wall .
carol dragged herself off the couch and walked in to the kitchen.maybe some coffee would help.standing at the kitchen sink , she began to fill the pot with water , and noticed her wilting plant in the windowsill.she stuck a finger into the dirt.it was dry.this plant had been the product of an oversized spider plant.the original plant had been thrown out and neglected.yet , after months in exile , the plant had refused to die.carol had dragged it out of its dark , abandoned corner , and had given it a new home.to her , the plant and its offshoot represented an undying spirit survival against all odds .
carol dragged herself off the couch and walked in to the kitchen.maybe some coffee would help.standing at the kitchen sink , she began to fill the pot with water , and noticed her wilting plant in the windowsill.she stuck a finger into the dirt.it was dry.this plant had been the product of an oversized spider plant.the original plant had been thrown out and neglected.yet , after months in exile , the plant had refused to die.carol had dragged it out of its dark , abandoned corner , and had given it a new home.to her , the plant and its offshoot represented an undying spirit survival against all odds .
carol dragged herself off the couch and walked in to the kitchen.maybe some coffee would help.standing at the kitchen sink , she began to fill the pot with water , and noticed her wilting plant in the windowsill.she stuck a finger into the dirt.it was dry.this plant had been the product of an oversized spider plant.the original plant had been thrown out and neglected.yet , after months in exile , the plant had refused to die.carol had dragged it out of its dark , abandoned corner , and had given it a new home.to her , the plant and its offshoot represented an undying spirit survival against all odds .
carol dragged herself off the couch and walked in to the kitchen.maybe some coffee would help.standing at the kitchen sink , she began to fill the pot with water , and noticed her wilting plant in the windowsill.she stuck a finger into the dirt.it was dry.this plant had been the product of an oversized spider plant.the original plant had been thrown out and neglected.yet , after months in exile , the plant had refused to die.carol had dragged it out of its dark , abandoned corner , and had given it a new home.to her , the plant and its offshoot represented an undying spirit survival against all odds .
carol dragged herself off the couch and walked in to the kitchen.maybe some coffee would help.standing at the kitchen sink , she began to fill the pot with water , and noticed her wilting plant in the windowsill.she stuck a finger into the dirt.it was dry.this plant had been the product of an oversized spider plant.the original plant had been thrown out and neglected.yet , after months in exile , the plant had refused to die.carol had dragged it out of its dark , abandoned corner , and had given it a new home.to her , the plant and its offshoot represented an undying spirit survival against all odds .
she had gotten a neighbor to agree to keep an eye on things while she was gone.there were no cats to feed or plants to water.sheila hated anything messy , so there was really no upkeep.security was tight , so the place would be fine while she was gone.but just the same , her neighbor would go in occasionally just to be sure .
the ajc plant nodded in agreement .
sam said to the ajc plant .
weed killer would leave dead plants .
jack looked around at the bright afternoon sun angling through the front windows past the bare branches of the dead ficus and the desiccated hanging plants , so long deceased they d become mummified .
the little ivy plant was thirsty .
alana toddled over to a series of shelves that held numerous plants .
he mother turned , holding a potted plant , and walked toward her daughter .
she looked at the small sprig of a plant , uncertain of what it was .
alana indicated the plant .
jacqueline set the plant on the ground and scooted her wicker chair closer where she could reach for her mothers now frail hand .
the plant , jacky .
jacqueline put the plant on the wood decking and started to stand .
her eyes fell on the potted plant that she had just presented jacqueline .
water dumped on to several charts and somehow the phone and several other objects from the desk followed the plants and the vase .
i also learned a great deal of trap - making and how to distinguish good plants from bad ones .
i almost ate a poisonous plant by accident once , but the red haired womans father stopped me just in time , laughing at the prospect of me dying because of such a stupid mistake .
every plant in the forest and field nearby is getting a nice long drink to quench its thirst .
that ll let new plants spring from the ground , and life will continue on .
the shadows of the forest got longer and twisted , turning the serene forest into a horrid place full of gnarled , evil plants .
i tried to follow the cable that zigzagged between trees but after several meters i was stopped by a dense wall of plants .
i followed this wall of plants a few dozen meters , almost to the opposite side until i saw a sign with a single word and an arrow pointing to an opening in the wall of plants .
i followed this wall of plants a few dozen meters , almost to the opposite side until i saw a sign with a single word and an arrow pointing to an opening in the wall of plants .
soon , she was crushing seeds and plants in a ceramic bowl , using a crucible .
the plants were sculpted like edward scissor hands went to town .
brugmansia is a genus of seven species of flowering plants in the family solanaceae , native to subtropical and tropical regions of south america , along the andes from colombia to northern chile and also in southeastern brazil .
but a tea made from the flowers is sometimes ingested for recreational or shamanic intoxication , as the plant contains the tropane alkaloids scopolamine and atropine .
however , because the potency of the toxic compounds in the plant is variable , the degree of intoxication is unpredictable and can lead to psychosis and even death .
pot plants are scattered around and there s even some trendy furniture .
its only contents besides the reception desk are two plush navy blue chairs and a large fake plant .
hiking on various trails so the kids can learn to identify plants , especially the ones you do n't want 'em to touch . ''
every week you would walk past him as if he were of no more interest than a plant in the corner . ''
by contrast , edwin haunted the fringes of the rooms , hardly more noticeable than a potted plant .
with hewn beams above , and plants and vines all around , it gave the impression of a peaceful , almost tropic , retreat .
around the outside are tropical plants and trees arranged in small groves with bubbling waterfalls and tiny fairy lights in the branches .
bunting is hung , flags are positioned , signs are placed , plants are set in decorative arrangements .
she scrambled through the dense plants .
the stench of rotting plants wafted to sophie 's nose and she cringed in disgust .
even through the overgrown plants , she could see that no fire had ravaged there in recent years .
with that , they entered the conservatory , its walls ensconced with towering plants and vines , and headed for the almost invisible crack in the wall .
no photosynthesizing plants at the base of it all .
more conventional methods of defense such as guns and knives were most likely hidden in the conventional places of desk drawers , bookcases and pot plants .
riley had assured him that any arrest of a pursuer would come before then ; the designated spot would be marked by a purple pot plant out front .
purvis desperately sought out that pot plant .
a purple pot plant ?
my source tells me it is an area well known for its variety of pitcher plants and orchards .
* they had thought the sickly sweet scents in the air were merely coming from the vast array of plants within the garden , but then they reached the wreckage of the helicopter and realised the charred bodies might have been contributing as well .
they checked their speed there , aware that none of these plants was native or had a predisposition to live in such dry , harsh climate and could only assume that skidmores purpose for growing them there was their toxicity - agents of death - quite possibly horrible deaths - and some came with fiendishly long thorns that could easily have ripped through their protective rubber suits .
there was one plant that could stem the bleeding , is a natural coagulant , but to reach it i had to negotiate a path through plants dripping in lethal poisons .
there was one plant that could stem the bleeding , is a natural coagulant , but to reach it i had to negotiate a path through plants dripping in lethal poisons .
she plucked out a red flowered plant from the rucksack .
the plants in their pots , dotted around the garden , were still arranged as normal .
jonathan had sat , his patience almost expired , in an uncomfortable , sagging arm chair next to a table stained with coffee cup rings and a wilting , potted plant .
this year , man , watch me and bam u dance a jig on your tomato plants , hawk chuckles with cody .
hawk see a female in front of the windows under a set of low hanging green fern plants parallel to the book case .
she is parked in the center of the white sofa covered with bright pink and red roses attached to dark green plant stems sewn into the fabric .
the television camera swings right then left following the fbi agents who are probing and poking between the trees limbs and low plant bushes in the direction of the shooting bullet .
cody drops onto the dirt spinning and staring at the back yard sees shadows of trees , plant bushes and the cottage .
try plucking horn - worms and bugs from plants in lieu of spraying with chemicals .
flesh burning plant strikes a christchurch man hopes his close encounter with a giant flesh burning plant will serve as fair warning to other unsuspecting home gardeners clearing their grounds .
flesh burning plant strikes a christchurch man hopes his close encounter with a giant flesh burning plant will serve as fair warning to other unsuspecting home gardeners clearing their grounds .
the picture of the plant looks very familiar , i know i ve seen this plant around , i just ca nt remember where .
the picture of the plant looks very familiar , i know i ve seen this plant around , i just ca nt remember where .
chapter seventeen that night i m lying in bed struggling to get some sleep when without warning my mind reminds me of where i ve seen that plant .
on my way back ill look out for that plant .
my attention now turns to the plant .
that night i take out a section of the stalk that i cut from the plant from the fridge .
i hold the stalk vertically and the toxic gel oozes from the plant into a small container .
he created worlds on the walls of his office in colored markers , drawing fantastical creatures and plants , other - worldly scenes of beauty while he pondered the problems of the institute .
the front lawn boasted a border of plants , a few garden ornaments , and nothing else .
it was snuggled within a garden of water features , rockeries and tall plants .
the landscapers had let the shrubs grow their tallest by the water 's edge and shorter as the plants climbed to the fence so garden views were not restricted .
there were a scattering of palm trees in big red plant pots and small water fountains ringed by coloured rocks to give this bare portion of the island some flavour .
the photographer had been careful in each case to position himself so that something in the foreground covered the genitals of the naked people in the background - a plant pot , the corner of a chair , etc .
the garden plants were lush and tall , and he got to the van without being seen .
beyond the log wall and plants that looked like small palm trees , jacobs and the man with dreadlocks were weaving towards the house , their backs to him .
but jacobs was fifty metres away , with plants and a gate to bypass before he could get to the van .
he said , rebecca is going to kick my ass tomorrow about that plant .
the lobby was small but well - maintained with polished floor tiles , a potted plant , and an imitation leather sofa .
she struggled up it , digging her hands into the mud and grabbing at plants .
nevertheless , the leaf - carpeted forest floor was surprisingly open and airy , and creep had little trouble pioneering a path through the saplings , ferns , palms , and other herbaceous plants .
even so , moss and fungi covered the rocks and felled trees and other decaying plant life , making the obstacles slippery and deceptively dangerous .
plants and brush and low branches no longer hampered their movement , but the forest of towering trees was dense .
bushy plants surrounded the base while other tropical vegetation overhung the roofline .
sometimes , in the forest , you can find strange insects , some bugs nobody has seen before , or unusual , undiscovered plants .
some walls were decorated with colorful tiles , after the arabic fashion , and there were pots with plants outside of the doors .
there was plenty of plants everywhere .
it seemed really likely that there could be a spider here that hid somewhere on the plant .
that s why you get the impression that the plants are swaying and the whole painting is moving .
the merest remark can lie buried in him , fertilizing his fury until it grows into a monstrous plant bearing fetid fruit .
but scientists warn that introducing an unknown virus into a new ecosystem could have devastating effects on plants , animals , and even humans .
he followed the womans gaze through the bodies and the furniture and the pot plants , whose leaves nearly touched the ceiling .
there in front of me were three of his originals , mounted and showcased on my wall ; they were : safe landing ducks , sarawak cannibal pitcher plant , and hwangshan .
my home was set on top of a ridge , and it was surrounded by the most fascinating plants , shrubs , and trees .
i glanced around at the pale blue walls and crummy , fake plants decorating the lifeless room .
on his way he kept pouring me drinks champagne and i kept pouring them out in all the plants and flowers in the various rooms .
around the base were carved strange masks , some of which were interwoven with what looked like ivy , or leaves of other plants .
even pot plants were torn out and all the dirt shaken out of them .
these days , it is removed before it starts to smell and converted to liquid fertilizer for plants .
louise looked around the office with its shelves of academic books , potted plants and leather sofa .
large plants in full foliage brightened the corners .
his shirt was off and he was surrounded by a couple thousand dollars ' worth of flowers and plants .
while alex talked to the waitress some more , i took my glass , making sure no one was watching , and poured some of the red liquid into a plant that stood behind us and put the cup back on the table .
we have plants in his office .
we walked down an opulent hallway with a number of dusty paintings and dried - out plants .
no disturbed plants or rocks .
the departmental head had to call in the police and it took some time to persuade the protestors that the largest organisms the genetics department dealt with were , in fact , plants and fruit flies ( kept under appropriately ethical conditions ) , before the activists yelled out some slogans on insect rights and slunk home , tails between their legs .
a fog obstructed the sky and thick and huge bright green fern - like plants surrounded the mamane trees , filling every gap in the forest .
so near a volcano this was the world starting over again this is what the whole earth must have looked like , alex thought , before even the first creatures and plants began to rise up from the water and the soft mud .
each side had exposed balconies complete with potted trees and plants scattered throughout the porches and patios .
in the far right corner , a garden of tomato and cantaloupe plants was growing .
surrounding them was a twisting mass of plant life that became forests and lakes on each of their many plateaus .
the trees and plant life that surrounded the scrapers had lost much of its green lustre .
it was bright outside and the plants rustled in the warm ocean breeze .
they finish their cigarettes , stubbing them out in a glazed blue pot full of last year 's dead bedding plants , and take their glasses , the bottle and leona 's overnight bag upstairs to the bedroom bex is using during her stay in bideford .
the girls finish their cigarettes and stub them out in the same neglected plant pot as before .
in a vain attempt to soften the clinical nature of the environment the main reception desk is surrounded by fake potted plants , and behind the desk sits one of the icu nurses , checking notes in a large buff folder .
he pretends to sleep as helen plants gentle kisses on his back and slowly moves her hand up and down his penis .
melissa , the neighbor who fed his cats and watered his plants , deserved a call .
he always came back to green plants , vacuumed carpets and happy cats .
i mean it was sheer luck to get that story in the guardian about the lng plant on bonny island .
there were even sketches of his garden numbered with the sequence in which he usually watered his own plants .
what if it 's a plant species that thrives in dry climate ?
his enormous girth twitched and turned towards her , like a plant craving the sun .
typically , as time passes , the plant i pee on blackens .
i never abuse a potted plant when given access to a restroom less than three minutes walk away .
is there an offence in the codex thus described : ` ` exposing one 's penis to the breeze while standing over a black and brown and yellow plant ? ''
my manner of urinating in plant containers is different to the way i pee in the gleaming bowls of regular loos .
the plant first shrivelled , changing its colour from dusty khaki to limpid yellow and then to screaming orange .
it became a stump , a remnant , the arid memory of an erstwhile plant .
i realised that few can reliably recount the withering of a plant in such conditions .
she used to wonder why the plants in our apartment expire soon and many .
not having heard her questions ( and the plants being untouched ) , i conclude , with a fair amount of certainty , that she is gone .
no point in peeing into pots whose plants are dead .
this might be considered out of character as i owned up to peeing whichever way , on plants and other objects .
i also knew it 'll never be the same , peeing on plants .
nor did she mind the sparsely furnished living room with its small television and the matching potted plants beside the two windows .
` ` cats are a bit more self preserving than plants . ''
* * * i felt ugly and weightless , kind of droned my way over to the bathroom door , head a sponge scrubbed worthless with mud , like i d been used to unearth a potted plant .
of course , she was barely qualified : her specialism at university had been plant biology , not neural biology .
she was chosen because they were pursuing an avenue of research to see if the molecular and cellular biology of plants could offer any insight into increasing the efficiency of their microchips , which were as yet very basic .
seemingly as random in its movements too , as a buzzing , motiveless fly , the aircraft was circling around and around , apparently revelling in its freedom and space , mocking the slow passage of the steam boat through a land chocked and congested by plants and obstructions .
he found himself that he was no longer in the middle of a congolese jungle describing the exotic plants that surrounded him on all sides , effectively blocking out the light of the sun above , instead he had been transported back to a beautiful , summer day in england .
any of them , from children to grandparents could have been a plant .
outside was a little patio no plants or decorations .
outside the shop was a huge garden area filled with plants of many colours and types .
on one of the worktops was a line of pot plants with names like mrs ingleby or mr southwood written on them and sasha presumed they were reserved for customers .
filled with antiques , tapestry sofas and pot plants , it was very homely , and the french windows at the bottom trapped every bit of sunshine .
she came out of one of the back rooms and said , do nt just stand there like a potted plant , come on inside .
obsessive watering the plants in his front garden .
a few plants in the flower bed still lived .
plants and weeds and vines from the surrounding vegetation were working their way past the warehouse and into the concrete .
i wandered the aisles and the greenhouse , waiting for the right plant to present itself to me .
the plants future maturity took her breath away .
did something in the microchip plant dreams in her head ?
over the tops of the plants , samantha watched marcus at work in the lab .
however , it also had allowed him greater time for research and development of new specimens , to develop new uses for the plants he d germinated in the lab .
it sounded like very scary stuffa medicine and a poison from the same plant .
did the poison mentioned there perhaps apply to the oleander plant ?
after the fall of the soviet union , rumors swirled about deaths from experiments authorized by stalin to develop a formula from the oleander plant .
could the name of the plant perhaps have a tie to adolf hitler himself ?
then the oleander plant itself used for medicinal purposes but poisonous if ingested .
joe gave him the rundown on oleander enterprises and the strange oleander plant recipes .
gran was at the garden gate , resting on the fence , watching my mother and stacy go from plant to plant .
other than wet cotton , there was surprisingly little damage - several scattered tree branches , the usual washed - out gullies , and some ripped - up tomato plants in the garden .
new age had no physical plant in colorado .
which made it all the more important to find the plant location .
langdon began racing through slides now - spiraled pinecone petals , leaf arrangement on plant stalks , insect segmentation - all displaying astonishing obedience to the divine proportion .
every surface in the chapel had been carved with symbols - christian cruciforms , jewish stars , masonic seals , templar crosses , cornucopias , pyramids , astrological signs , plants , vegetables , pentacles , and roses .
its name means fire plant .
jackson , the fbi plant .
on the day of the eclipse , she was more like a butterfly visitin among a lot of plants , and her laugh was n't so shrill or loud .
there were scrubby plants rooting desperately in cracks in the rock .
a frame six feet five in height and two hundred fifty pounds in weight was good for a lot of things , but not for silent progress through unseen thorny plants .
he could smell plants and earth .
it was desert horticulture , with low spiky plants growing out of raked gravel and crushed stone .
above the flower store were three stories of windows with vertical blinds behind them and printers and spider plants and stacks of paper on their sills .
some of the stronger plants had not broken .
the reactions to crops and plants are less common .
this is how it goes on : ' '' biological warfare , ' he read , ' is often referred to as bacteriological , bacterial , or germ warfare but it is preferred over those terms because it includes all micro - organisms , insects and other pests , and toxic products of plant and animal life .
the army lists five groups of bw agents , including certain chemical compounds used to inhibit or destroy plant growth : micro - organisms ( bacteria , viruses , rickettsiae , fungi , protozoa ) .
toxins ( microbial , animal , plant ) .
he quickly got in touch with the equivalent authorities in japan and with experts in the ministry of agriculture , and these gentlemen were astonished and delighted to learn that doctor shatterhand was prepared to spend no less than one million pounds on establishing an exotic garden or park in this country which he would stock with a priceless collection of rare plants and shrubs from all over the world .
meanwhile , the plants ordered by the doctor began arriving from all over the world and , with a blanket customs clearance from the ministry of agriculture , they were planted in appropriate soils and settings .
these would provide , all the year round , the temperature needed for the successful propagation of these tropical shrubs , trees and plants from the equatorial zones .
but the doctor dismissed the matter on the grounds that competent guards would be necessary to maintain his privacy and keep trespassers away from his valuable collection of plants .
i know nothing of these poisonous plants .
ipecacuanha ( psjchotria ipecacuanha } : shrubby plant .
castor bean plant ( kicintis communis ) : seeds are source of castor oil , also contain toxic principle , ricin .
jimson weed ( datura stramonium ) : variety of thorn apple plant , found in n. africa , india .
for presenting japan with this unique collection of rare plants ?
he complains that they interfere with his work , break off precious boughs and pick valuable plants .
he is constructing a research department - to be manned by workers of his own choice , mark you -to extract the poisons from his shrubs and plants and give the essences free to an appropriate medical research centre .
a few gifts of rare plants to famous botanical gardens , the financing of a handful of expeditions , and all the while in the back of his mind the plan one day to retire and ' cultiver son jardin ' .
and while the meal moved sluggishly on , the dining - room was being turned into a ` ` tropical jungle '' with the help of potted plants , piles of oranges and coconuts , and an occasional stem of bananas -- this was a backdrop for the calypso band , which , in wine - red and gold - frilled shirts assembled in due course and began playing ` ` linstead market '' too loud .
if it had been a plant , reflected bond , all that would have been ready .
they live mostly on plants and things .
he had a warehouse and a small plant and a staff of three for soil testing and plant research .
bond turned off the main road into the drive and followed it down between high victorian evergreens to the gravel sweep in front of just the sort of house that would be called the grange - a heavy , ugly , turn - of - the - century mansion with a glass - enclosed portico and sun parlour whose smell of trapped sunshine , rubber plants and dead flies came to bond in his imagination before he had switched off the engine .
the herb garden , row upon row of small nameless plants round a central sundial , smiled up at him .
from this foundation , katherine solomon 's research had vaulted forward , proving that ` ` focused thought '' could affect literally anything -- the growth rate of plants , the direction that fish swam in a bowl , the manner in which cells divided in a petri dish , the synchronization of separately automated systems , and the chemical reactions in one 's own body .
chapter 63 in a quiet neighborhood just west of embassy row in washington , there exists a medieval - style walled garden whose roses , it is said , spring from twelfth - century plants .
i made as if to grab something behind mrs . underwood 's desktop row of books and plants .
in the plant .
and kenichi asaka runs all of toyota 's southeast asian plants from k.l .
he 's their plant at the times .
on the left was a narrow shelf at waist height , crowded with tiny cactus plants in tiny terra - cotta pots .
no music books , no garden plants .
this room is full of drugs that are cures for rare diseases - snakebites , poisonous plants .
she loved plants and flowers , and she would spend hours there . '
heroin is derived from a particular strain of poppy plant called papaver somniferum , the flower of sleep .
each member of carella 's family was equipped with a andccedil ; izgi biandccedil ; ak , a scalpel - shaped cutting knife , to make a precise incision into the plant .
the white sap of the plant is a god - given elixir which is a natural medicine if taken in small quantities .
we have trees and flowers , and all kinds of plants . ''
` ` and i presume that a part of your job is to make sure that the plants you have for sale stay healthy ? ''
we would n't sell any ailing plants to our customers .
mrs . savalas loves plants and flowers . ''
` ` mr . mentakis , did mrs . savalas come to you one day in december and tell you that she was having problems with some of her plants ? ''
` ` in fact , did n't she say that there was an infestation of insects that was destroying her plants ? ''
some plants of mrs . savalas 's were ailing and she cared enough about them to want to save them .
she went to mr . mentakis , a plant expert , who advised her to use antimony .
amsterdam is a tourist 's paradise , a city of windmills and dams and row upon row of gabled houses leaning crazily against one another along a network of tree - lined canals filled with houseboats decorated by boxes of geraniums and plants , and laundry flying in the breeze .
the kama sutra had several chapters on aphrodisiacs to arouse a man , but since honey had no idea where she could obtain hedysarum gangeticum , the kshirika plant , or the xanthochymus pictorius , she figured out her own substitutes .
it 's an extract from a south american plant .
could she be a plant ?
the seasonal rains had turned the countryside into an enormous , colorful garden , filled with the luxuriant bush karroo , and the spreading rhenoster bush and heaths and diosmas plants that could be found nowhere else in the world .
he had been on a guided tour of the kruger - brent plants , and had gone on a safari in kenya .
on the day milo scott came to inspect the plant , ellen was selected to escort him around .
the greenhouses outside the walls were packed with exotic plants from around the world .
every twenty feet a silk plant sprouted for decoration .
` ` bob plant , fbi . ''
` ` if you leave , we 'll just follow , '' plant said as he stood from his slouch position and took a step closer .
` ` not yet , '' plant said with a smirk .
` ` you can walk away from it , '' plant said from the side .
yet another trench coat stood at the last table , chatting with plant and ginyard , waiting .
kyle then examined plant 's badge and driver 's license , and when he had finished , he pulled out his cell phone and began pecking .
i love law students , '' plant said .
` ` you can leave anytime you want , '' plant said .
` ` this is not an interrogation , '' plant finally said .
` ` the one you boys hid from the cops , '' plant said , barely moving his lips .
` ` we 're not here to argue , kyle , '' plant said .
agent plant and the two others from buster 's were staring , and all three were also coatless so that young kyle could get the full measure of their arsenal .
` ` good move , '' plant said , nodding now .
ginyard and plant and the other fake agents were long gone , and they had taken everything - files , computers , enlarged photos , tripods , briefcases , boxes , folding tables .
plants bloomed , the grass showed some color , and as the days grew longer , the students found more reasons to stay outside .
two rows of well - kept stone houses , doors and windows glistening , metalwork shining , steps washed clean , the lighted rooms beyond filled with hanging plants .
the plants turned a dull yellow , and picasso filed suit .
they had quietly preassigned the case to justice finnyarber , whose mother had once raised roses , and after a few hours of research he had informed the other two that urine would , in fact , not change the color of the plants .
the rains had left puddles in the grassy ditches beside the road , and they had washed the cotton plants , now more than knee - high .
inside , its fortified indigenous soil supported a variety of exotic plants , but the building took its name - schmetterling - from the thousands of butterflies roaming free .
many of the plants were in bloom , the tranquil scene a stunning contrast with the stark images of autumn outlined through the moisture - dotted glass .
` ` plants , dominick .
books and magazines were decoratively stacked amid sculptures and potted plants .
through the plants and glass walls , thorvaldsen saw his host coming .
i want you to retreat to the far side and stay among the plants .
columns rose from floor to ceiling , chiseled from the rock , each ornamented with letters , faces , plants , and animals .
not large by western standards , the terminal was ultramodern , with potted plants and a high blue ceiling .
there was also a cozy sitting area with armchairs and coffee table , a leather - inlaid desk , green ivy plants , and a full bathroom behind a paneled wood door .
floodlights illuminated the specimen plants and trees , sometimes from above , sometimes from beneath , seeking perfect harmony .
with weapons , flashlights , and maps , asgar led them off onto a path filled with shadows and dark trees and plants that brushed against them .
dusty venetian blinds were visible in the stoop - level window ; in other windows , one could see spider plants hanging from planters , cheerless attempts to establish good cheer .
then with our plant at the american embassy ; we must refine what he knows about the antinayous .
if it meant disowning pawns or plants orblinds , one took the statistical approach and let theexecutions follow .
i tell the old man that lindros is a plant and he 'll have me institutionalized . ''
however , turkey 's many microclimates nurtured more than eleven thousand plant species , so it was hardly surprising that there should be among the many shops in istanbul an apothecary overseen by a moroccan expert in phytochemistry .
two small structures were cleverly integrated into the garden 's design : the door down into the building and , as he discovered , a toolshed for the staff who pruned the trees , plants , and flowers .
launching into his opening pitch , narsico informed her that tequila was made from the pina , the heart of the agave plant .
` ` but the mexicans had to know about the agave plant . ''
at a wider radius from the kill spot , more scrub grew , and moira , once again down on her knees , began to excavate around the base of these gray - green plants .
upon seeing the sbu card , yetnikova wilted like an unwatered plant and showed him where to find shumenko .
is he the assassin of asia or is he a fraud , a plant ?
viruses are so minuscule that their existence was unknown until the late nineteenth century , when dmitri ivanovsky , a russian microbiologist , stumbled across them while investigating an outbreak of disease in tobacco plants .
' but he 's a botanist , a plant specialist , not a geology man . '
one on the opposite side of the open area ; a table , alex realized , that had no palms or plants in its vicinity .
alison sat alone in the middle of the crowded room , which was profuse with tropical plants and open - grilled windows .
wife , ruth , had found traces of plant fossils embedded in the coral , but her findings were of little value , and james ferguson , covering double duty in soil and flora , presented his unstartling analyses .
at one , she parked in a lot full of volvos and bmws and saabs and more peugeots and walked hurriedly through the cold rain into the crowded terrarium where the young affluent gathered to eat quiche and fajitas and black bean soup among the plants .
a biologist on a field trip to peru to collect plants and dirts for potential medicinals for ... what company ?
notes on the plants and potential pharmaceuticals .
' viper 's viper , ' said the mafia plant when the earth - shaking noise had vanished .
courtyards with potted plants and spiral outdoor staircases sheltered behind them .
he glanced around the place - an urban terrarium of plants and sluggish waterfalls arrayed in a glassed - in ` ` public space '' that some zoning board had demanded in return for a height variance .
the house was a large , airy georgian filled with plants , three cats , and exquisite antiques .
he stared through the fog and caught glimpses of people outside , through the room 's windows , which stretched floor - to - ceiling , opening like doors into a sunlit porch bright with potted plants .
as he crested a hill on the edge of town , he saw a mammoth plant in the distance .
` ` which plant ? ''
it was a postcard of beautiful colors , neat rows of plants and vines , narrow dirt footpaths so that callie and esau could tend to their spectacular bounty .
she commented on every plant , including an occasional weed , which she snatched almost with anger and flung back into some vines .
they stepped through the door and out into a rooftop garden of the kind so beloved by parisians - a miniature urban glade created by a maze of large clay pots filled with dwarf trees , shrubs , and flowering plants .
` ` yes , our plants in the north .
` ` how do you know rm not a soviet plant ? ''
he 's a plant .
there are already too many plants inside to water . ''
beneath the safe house , the back patio appeared inhabited only by benches and plants awash in moonlight and shadows .
at last , he pulled himself up and ran barefoot into the vegetation where he soon found a tiny glade , dark and shadowy , filled with the scents of rich earth and growing plants .
each comprised a dark blue rounded isle , strewn with flowery plants , in vibrant colors that ranged from deep red to bright pink .
thankfully , the front entrance is marked , and i step into a small foyer with a few plastic potted plants along one wall and a cute receptionist against another .
' they pluck up the fertilizer and leave the plants ! '
she picked up a heavy clay pot that contained a slightly shriveled rubber plant .
` ` how can we be sure this intelligence is not a plant ? ''
they wonder if it 's a soviet plant . ''
a polished - slate walkway encircled the inner building and bushy indoor plants lined both sides of the walk .
roughly half dwell in plants , the rest in animals .
back in the village , vincenti had watched while the man treated the villagers with a concoction of roots and plants , meticulously administered with an intelligence born from decades of trial and error .
he pointed to the green pool , its still surface marred only by an array of floating plants .
` ` is this plant common ? ''
he lifted the plant from the water and cradled the pod .
and the plant whose leaves he 'd chewed .
` ` we know there are substances found in nature - tree bark , leafy plants , roots - that can combat bacteria and viruses , maybe even some cancers .
` ` what was it in that plant you chewed that worked ? ''
he showed me the plant and told me the juice from its leaves could stop what he called the fever - disease .
` ` i gave him the juice from the plant .
so i went back to central asia , hired a guide to take me up to the high ground , and found the plant again .
` ` the plant 's useless .
that 's how the old healer managed to get them into people , only he thought it was the plant .
i not only chewed the plant , i drank the water , so if any of that virus was in me that day , they took care of it .
a few years ago a new york law firm he 'd engaged advised him that a new mineral discovered in the earth , or a new plant found in the wild , was not something that could be patented .
but genetically engineered plants , man - made multicellular animals , and archaea - bacteria altered from their natural state , these were patentable .
none of the plants that had been there the first time vincenti had been there dotted the pool .
the smell of beer and smoke is replaced by the heavy stink of tropical plants blooming and rotting in the gardens .
she 'd heard the rumors coming out of the finance department , the company was bust , the paychecks would bounce , and she 'd dumped some old files out of a carton and boxed up the photos of her damn nephews in their cheap brass frames and her ratty old spider plant from her desk and her junk from her drawers and carried it all home on the subway to her neat little apartment , wherever the hell that was .
the exotic plants were massed in huge beds bounded by little walls and railings .
` ` well , plants and things . ''
all these plants are exactly the same . ''
she was holding the picture so the shapes of the plants corresponded exactly .
but she still had a plant .
the little plant was gone .
it was full of herbs and cottage plants that had died back from the cold .
and the pilot had stayed above a thousand feet , to stop his downdraught damaging the young plants .
chemical reaction in his brain , instantaneous transmission of the impulse , chemical reaction in every muscle system from his left foot to his right fist , total elapsed time a small fraction of a second , total distance to target less than a yard , total time to target another small fraction of a second , which was good to know right then , because the guy 's hand was all the way in his pocket by that point , his own nervous system reacting just as fast as reacher 's , his elbow jerking up and back and trying to free whatever the hell it was he wanted , be it a knife , or a gun , or a phone , or a driver 's licence , or a passport , or a government i d , or a perfectly innocent letter from the university of tehran proving he was a world expert on plant genetics and an honoured guest in nebraska just days away from increasing local profits a hundredfold and eliminating world hunger at one fell swoop .
there was an empty grocery bag with a week - old register receipt inside , and a month - old local newspaper never read and still neatly folded , and some browned and curled leaves and some crumbs of dirt as if items had been hauled home from a plant nursery .
its threads had been nowhere near any living thing , either plant or animal .
there are plants oozing out of broken pots , sending greedy feelers across a floor of broken orange bricks .
jane had had it carpeted over , so no one would think of it as a container , but only as a feature of the room , a nice place to put a plant or some pretty pillows or a flower arrangement .
the front of the store held displays of both silk flowers and live plants , and some samples of special arrangements for weddings and funerals .
the harbors had received a couple of plants and some sympathy cards , and they were arranged on the shelf of a nasty maple hutch .
i 'd hired a yard service to do most of the heavier work , but every now and then i got out and put in bedding plants , or trimmed the roses .
just a few pots with plants and a short row of front doors .
i was pretty sure i had stared at that fucking house with its white ford f-150 parked in the driveway , its seven bottlebrush plants following the curve of the driveway , its mostly green grass except for the dry spot in the middle , and its bright porch light that seemed to somehow reach through the heavily - tinted glass and straight to the back of my head .
we were off to one side and close to some plants and smaller trees .
the undergrowth ranged from sparse to dense , and was populated by a lot of spiky plants that looked like a cross between cactus and something from venus .
` ` something about a plant or flower .
specifically about plant life that would have existed , say , seven hundred million years ago ? ''
essentially we 're talking about the earth 's first multicellular plant .
in other words , the seed or genesis for each and every plant that has ever existed on the earth .
if luca is real - and i believe it is - it is the progenitor of every plant form on this planet , from tomatoes and orchids , to dandelions and venus flytraps . ''
with luca , you simply carbon - copy the plant in question . ''
if you 're right , luca can replicate any plant life because in the beginning , it was all plant life .
if you 're right , luca can replicate any plant life because in the beginning , it was all plant life .
` ` luca 's primary purpose is to hijack nearby plant cells and modify them to match its own , so it can reproduce - rapidly , much like a virus .
` ` in the past , we ' ve been running parallel lines of research , trying to reverse - engineer plant life to create luca or a luca - like organism in the lab .
the general would only have to introduce a few ounces of luca in a handful of strategic locations , and without a kill switch in our possession , the organism would spread like wildfire , destroying all native plant life .
all because of a plant species almost as old as the earth itself .
` ` so it sounds like your organism infects more than just plants . ''
the human gut is full of plant material and plantlike flora .
other drawings showed the same plant in various stages of growth .
` ` like plants . ''
` ` you see , during that archean eon , true land plants were yet to come .
` ` cyanobacteria gave rise to modern chloroplasts - the engines of photosynthesis - found in today 's plants . ''
and i believe it was that war that was the evolutionary drive for the rise of today 's modern plants . ''
luca was vanquished , all but this small isolated garden , leaving behind only its genetic legacy in the form of modern plants .
they are masters of disguise , merging with other organisms , like with the lichen here , but also with other plants , sponges , and bacteria .
remember , back then , oxygen - producing plants did not exist .
spider plants in need of watering hung from the ceiling , a pair of leather snowshoes from one wall , and her eyes fixed upon a framed photomontage beside them of jagged mountains under the heading colorado 's 54 fourteeners .
i also sketched the local plant life : sagebrush , tumbleweed , greasewood , lupine , and several other desert flowers that i happened upon during early - evening walks .
wicker chairs had been placed somewhat erratically across the brick - patterned linoleum floor , and potted plants lent the room the earthy bouquet of a greenhouse .
through the window his view is of a tawny field turned gold by the leaves of soybean plants .
eerie black plants rose out of the alkaline soil - salt - sculpted formations , otherworldly and demonic , like the remnants of some nuclear apocalypse .
we came into a courtyard , which was vaguely reminiscent of the fortress , except where that was a stony drill square overlooked by shadowed stone walkways , this was an oasis of sculpture , lush - leaved plants , and the ornate galleries of the palacio framing a sky of deep blue , a sun that smouldered in the distance .
inagua island , if my memory of the charts was correct , where a cove provided the perfect place for our vessels to moor , and the abundant plant and animal life made it ideal for re - stocking supplies .
it stood open , and already , climbing plants were weaving their way around its pillars .
he reached it from the roof , dropping into a shaded vestibule in which tinkled a fountain , plants deadening the sounds from outside .
there are plants , altair - herbs from distant lands - that can cause a man to take leave of his senses .
he called malik and jabal to him , placing malik in temporary command of the order and informing jabal that they were to lead a squad riding for acre port at once , to mount an offensive on the templar stronghold , kill the plant at the root .
as he 'd expected , he found himself looking down into a courtyard , undecorated and bare of any plants or chairs and tables , though there were two or three stone benches arranged around a dry fountain and pool .
she took the pipe and a bottle of clorox out onto the back porch and bleached the inside of the pipe , allowing the liquid to spill out the other end and into the dry , fuzzy soil of a potted plant that had died last summer and sat on the porch all winter waiting for them to throw it out .
the base of those hills is covered in poison ivy , live oak , sumac , about a thousand different plants , and all of 'em with thorns the size of my dick . ''
` ` like the septic plant .
four feet from the windows the floor rose eight inches and a small alcove had been created around the two windows facing the street , cushions on the window seats , a small wooden magazine rack , a hanging plant overhead , and the wooden telephone desk .
and nobody ever talked again about striking at one of trevor stone 's plants . ''
at the southwestern tip of the trailer park , someone had arranged a few benches and potted plants to create a sitting area .
and they 're paranoid enough to at least consider that i could be a plant , no matter how solid the sante cover is .
` ` i ' ve been trying to fi gure out since the first time you showed up here whether you 're a plant or not . ''
` ` if i was a plant , why 'd you ask for my help ? ''
yes , thomas coughlin , had once told danny , eddie 's cellar was barely able to hold its fill of coal , and yes , his yard could support a tomato plant , a basil plant , and possibly a small rosebush but certainly none of the tools needed to tend them .
yes , thomas coughlin , had once told danny , eddie 's cellar was barely able to hold its fill of coal , and yes , his yard could support a tomato plant , a basil plant , and possibly a small rosebush but certainly none of the tools needed to tend them .
` ` they suspect you of being a plant , you think ? ''
buried in plant field , tampa .
the only thing that fi t in it was a child 's bed and a table fit for holding a single potted plant .
in place of a plant , she had an old kerosene lamp and she lit it before closing the door .
cypress and sweet gum trees and plants joe could n't begin to identify raced by on either side of them , blurring until the greens and yellows were the greens and yellows of a painting .
plants spread their leaves as if they were great birds , and from his window the next morning joe could no longer see the soil , nor any blossoms .
she seemed pleased , and went into the garden for some roots and plants , which she placed in water , and then upon the fire .
several new kinds of plants sprung up in the garden , which they dressed ; and these signs of comfort increased daily as the season advanced .
as she flitted back and forth among the plants , gently skimming her fingertips down the slick leaves , he wanted to convince her right then and there .
she crossed to a marble counter lining one of the glass walls and stood on tiptoe against it to reach the hanging plants strung above .
spotted her tending her plants downstairs , and when i saw you 'd claimed her , i was glad for you . ''
aware that his uncle was on his heels , he flew across the field , moving so fast his feet hardly seemed to set down on the dirt as he tore through the plants .
she had to pass gina 's apartment to get there , and as usual the door was open , allowing a glimpse of bright yellow walls , lots of plants , and gina herself in an overlarge t - shirt and little else , curled up on a chair in her living room , the inevitable book in hand .
her gaze slid quickly around , noting the neat walkway , the pretty plants hanging from the awning that ran along the motel , and the number six on the door she was approaching .
green plants and flowering bushes spilled out between buildings and along the road .
it took him a moment to identify the plant , for though the shape of the blooms was familiar , the color was not .
it was a corner apartment with windows on two sides and a rack of plants under a skylight in the kitchen .
the blinds were night gloomed , and the plants in the corner of the kitchen were bright under hot spotlights .
her hands were busy with the plant , and i knelt beside her , my knees getting damp again .
` ` ceridwen needs a plant to stop her labor . ''
something plant derived ? ''
the composition of different minerals and plants in nature affect the kind of elemental spell components they can hold for charms .
dirt itself was n't always present in spells , but many things that hid within it were : jewels and plants and- ` ` open your eyes , '' said ms . terwilliger softly .
sister mattie was unperturbed by the interruption , sitting placidly in her mock religious attire behind a wide desk surrounded by potted plants and bottles of deadly poison ( or tea concentrate , one never knew which ) .
this was not difficult , as she knew which plants were thorny and which were sticky .
to say the plants had overrun the garden was the understatement of the year .
the plants , the trees , the wildlife , the very earth itself felt a part of her .
every plant had a special scent , a vivid color .
she had studied plants and herbs extensively .
a plant needs water .
shea and gregori wanted to meet with him to discuss the various herbs and plants he used to keep so many of you alive . ''
i ' ve killed every potted plant i ' ve ever tried to grow both before and after the conversion .
savon called to me to met him in a cave to see a rare plant he had found . ''
everywhere it touched , plants withered and blackened in the moonlight .
she would feel the earth crying out , the death of the living plants as they withered in pain .
the hybrid was part plant , part living animal and all frightening .
` ` sometimes the local healers know so much more about plants and animals in the area .
we were attacked by a hybrid - part plant , part snake - and very venomous . ''
they felt a kinship with the plants and tall majestic trees .
the plants were dormant , but the soil lay beneath the snow , black with minerals .
nothing grew but a few straggly plants in the midst of boulders and once you climbed past the boulders , there was the glacier itself .
the forest grew more dense , the plants more exotic and lush as she hurried through the seemingly impenetrable trees .
small plants wiggled like worms as the thing beneath the ground disturbed them in its passing .
her father came into view , striding through carnivorous plants , shrubs and trees while the ground trembled beneath his feet .
orchids and a dozen other plants flowered in or around the dark water .
` ` some of these plants are huge . ''
in the moonlight , the stagnant water appeared deep and treacherous , despite the many plants blooming on the surface .
over time , the bog had changed , plants growing , multiplying , and dying off naturally .
the ground shook and several plants vibrated with the motion .
he halted instantly , his gaze riveted to the surface rather than the plants .
blood erupted and the plants withered and fell lifeless to the ground .
we use the herbs and plants that abound in our world .
she drew away from the plants with her last remaining strength .
` ` i would never leave thorns on the plants .
soft music , crystal chandeliers , and a jungle of beautiful plants gave the illusion of stepping into another world .
she made her way back through the restaurant , winding through the jungle of potted plants and hanging green vines .
the odor of vomit and blood , the taint of evil , was gone from the chamber , leaving only the pungent aroma of the healing plants .
plants hung everywhere , healthy and green , and the tiled floor was spotless .
whenever he was upset or tired , stefan gravitated to tending his plants .
riordan took them lower into the comparative shelter of the jungle canopy and made his way toward the small forest stream where the plants he needed grew in abundance .
every kind of plant climbed the trunks of the trees and twisted around branches , creating a jungle of foliage .
plants grew everywhere , a wild collage of green lace and bright blooms .
benches and chairs were scattered among the plants and trees , shaded from the sun .
gregori tugged at her wrist , taking her out into the sanctuary of the courtyard with its dense , overgrown plants .
trees swayed in the winds ; plants nearly bent double under the onslaught .
coiled around the massive trunks were thousands of climbing plants of various nature , using the trees as ladders to the sun .
woody lianas , stems and even roots of climbing plants hung like massive ropes or twisted together , tree to tree , providing an aerial highway for animals .
the animals shivered as she passed , called warnings and watched with wary eyes , but she kept climbing , skirting the thin strip of land that barely covered the top of the waterfall , knowing from past trips that the plant - covered slim bridge was a treacherous hazard waiting for the unwary to place a wrong step .
most were on making weapons and the plants of the amazon .
he thumbed through one of the volumes and found many of the healing plants highlighted .
several plants had withered , the effects of nature coming into contact with the abomination of the undead .
the vampires receded deeper into the bushes , the big leafy plants seemingly swallowing them .
climbing plants hung everywhere .
even as he did , the ground beneath him heaved and a huge plant burst through the soil close to his feet .
he landed ten feet from the seeking plant , scanning quickly to pickup signs of an enemy .
another plant erupted from beneath the surface , the long vino reaching like arms toward him .
he might feel the piercing cold as ice shards began to rain down , but the stinging wounds as the icicles stabbed through him were no more real than the plant .
the plant slid back beneath the soil , but the stabbing ice continued to fall .
` ` there 's a plant we can use after , you know , to make certain , and solange gave it to me , but i could n't ... '' she trailed off and looked at maryann through her fingers .
they worked tirelessly to combat the ignorance on wildlife , plants and the habitats , even the earth itself .
insects formed a moving carpet on the thick vegetation , centuries of fallen plants and trees .
julio had marked branches - as children they 'd tried that - but eventually plants anchored themselves to everything - stems , branches , trunks , even leaves of other plants wrapping themselves around the trees .
julio had marked branches - as children they 'd tried that - but eventually plants anchored themselves to everything - stems , branches , trunks , even leaves of other plants wrapping themselves around the trees .
it felt wrong to take over her mind and plant feelings and memories that were n't real .
in the corner of the far field , where cattle roamed , several thick plants broke through the ground in places .
the harpy eagle took to the air and circled above the field , his sharp gaze fixing on the plants .
it would be necessary for the humans to recognize the plant and mark it without going near it as well as ensuring all animals stayed away from it .
it will kill , not only plant and animal life , but human as well . ''
we want to make certain there is no place on the ranch that this plant grows .
he waved his hand toward the plant .
` ` the plant looks alive , eating everything in its path . ''
do not try to kill this plant yourselves .
he took to the air , streaking toward the far end of the de la cruz ranch , where the rain forest met the clearing , where ruslan had tried to infiltrate with his poisonous plant and set a trap to aid his advancing vampires .
he called a soft breeze and shook droplets of blood into the wind , sending it out over the battlefield he 'd chosen , that smooth field where ruslan had so carefully arranged a trap with his foul plant .
they grew together , and through his flesh , driving like spears to weave in and out of his leg , making him a part of the new plant .
the plants were dead , as were the leaves and vegetation lying on the forest floor .
in order to breathe life into them , ruslan had to put some small part of himself into those dead plants .
the plant loosened immediately , but when he forced his body to work again , the bugs continued to feast .
the plant lost its ability to continue growing , and with an already loosened hold on him , zacarias was able to sheer off the outer woven branches , leaving the vines still inside his body .
ignoring ruslan 's scream of fury and promises of retaliation , zacarias changed the molecules of the remaining plant , reshaping , absorbing , utilizing the thick vines inside him to replace the muscle and tissue lost .
he took something out of his back pocket and unfolded it , revealing sprigs of a plant with long green leaves and tiny lilac flowers .
the undergrowth was especially lush this time of year , with mosses , grasses , flowering plants , and ferns .
the angry serpents smashed at the plants , eager to get to the boy , but as fast as they broke the fibrous stalks , more replaced them , these covered in thorns that slashed the serpents and embedded deep into the coils .
rafael had allowed her brother to wake from his enthrallment and he was already trying to dig his way out from the prison made of plants .
the droplets fell , dark and ugly with acid , hissing as they burned through the trees and foliage on the ground , withering every plant in their path and burrowing deep into the earth , infecting the very soil with poison .
the water would saturate the soil , diluting the poisons kirja had injected , allowing plant life to grow once again after the vampire was gone .
it blew out everything inside the long tunnel , killing the carnivorous plants and searing the carpet of centipedes , leaving the shaft burned and foul smelling , but clear for the two hunters .
he told her , naming several plants , sending her images of what they looked like , and directing her where to find them .
ignoring the terrible burning inside her body , her streaming eyes and sensitive skin , colby raced to locate the plants hidden in the dense forest .
it was easy enough to work on several levels , using her telekinesis to mix the plants and soil while she shed her body , her sense of self , and became the healing ball of energy needed to enter rafael 's body .
he gave rafael as much blood as he could spare , and helped colby to pack the terrible wounds with the mixture of plants , mineral - rich dirt , and saliva .
she would awaken rafael as soon as she had gathered fresh herbs and healing plants .
he recognized herbs and plants , roots , dried and hung around the room .
sage was prevalent , and various plants to ward off evil .
when she walks barefoot , plants bloom behind her .
the soil shared something unnamed with him , allowing the trees and plants , the soil itself to pour a wealth of knowledge into him .
unerringly , he found antonietta in a spacious room filled with plants and surrounded on three sides by glass .
she walked with confidence through the labyrinth of plants and furniture , knowing where every obstacle was placed and making her way gracefully around it .
hidden behind lacy ferns , byron leaned one hip against the wall in the midst of several leafy plants nearly as tall as he was , crossed his arms over his chest , and eyed the policeman with great satisfaction .
it was forbidden to move furniture in the palazzo , and she knew where every plant , chair , and table was .
right at that moment , in the solarium with its glass walls and hanging plants .
misters on timers began a soft spray of the plants .
she loves the exotic plants .
she was completely naked and only a large leafy plant separated her cousin and the policeman from her .
sylas shoves me behind him and i face plant it in the sand .
this place smells like incense cedar , and decomposing plants , and something really wild - feral , like something from the zoo .
` ` heads up , '' jenks said , slithering down the plant to hide in the leaves .
banks of plants lined the walls of the church and surrounding stone fence .
i squinted , seeing a few plants out among the tall grass and headstones , but only those that became more potent growing among the dead .
now i was embarrassed , and i bent to tug a weed free from beside a rosemary plant .
` ` i just thought if one of the clergy was a witch , and the right plants were here , he might have left his books .
my source of power came gently from the earth through plants and was quickened by heat , wisdom , and witch blood .
as i dealt only in white magic , the cost was paid by ending the life of plants .
i was n't going to delve into the morality of killing plants , otherwise i 'd go insane every time i cut my mom 's lawn .
half - chopped plants , dirt , green - stained bowls with strained gratings left to cool , and dirty copper pots overflowed the sink .
only the landscape and plants remained , their outlines quavering with the same reddish glow that thickened the air .
she was just full of questions , and i looked up from adding the fuzz of a pussytoes plant .
who takes care of the plants ? ''
thick - fingered clumsy oafs who rip out an ailing plant instead of giving it a dose of potash .
` ` the plants have changed , '' jenks said , and i bobbed my head .
old , well - conditioned earth held firmly established plants .
its silent presence was as telling as the change in plant life .
well - maintained potted plants were everywhere .
that chair and the potted plant . ''
jenks flitted up to hide in the plant 's branches .
` ` mmmm , yes , '' he said , hastily getting up and shifting one of his floor plants to hide my cage .
` ` they were all plants with strong properties .
` ` consider it payment for those slips of plants . ''
` ` those were n't my plants to give . ''
` ` do you want more plants from the garden ?
if by chance i was caught , ivy would come in the same way with the new shipment of plants .
bizarre plants sprouted in profusion here , all petrified , of course .
potted plants , nice artwork on the walls , a gleaming marble floor ... and no shanna .
ackmeyer holds patents on everything from textiles and plant genomes to solar energy . ''
bits of roses and other plants hung off what remained of the grill , and metal bits trailed along the ground , raising sparks .
the plant life was thick and lush , and many of the plants were n't the types to survive in the colder climes of victoria .
the plant life was thick and lush , and many of the plants were n't the types to survive in the colder climes of victoria .
plants with a tendency to bite and snarl at other plants ?
plants with a tendency to bite and snarl at other plants ?
soap was waiting as arranged on the deck outside sister mattie 's empty classroom , lurking among her potted plants .
` ` um , do you have any plants at your house that jih might tend ? ''
using a familiar made it safer since the power of a ley line was filtered through the simpler minds of animals instead of through plants as earth magic did .
my desk , which was now so thickly covered in potted plants that it looked like a prop for a horror movie about killer plants taking over the world .
my desk , which was now so thickly covered in potted plants that it looked like a prop for a horror movie about killer plants taking over the world .
` ` jenks , can jax come over and watch my plants for me until i get back ?
the air smelled like coffee and growing things , sort of a mix between a plant nursery and coffeehouse .
that it was filtered through plants made it more forgiving , and perhaps slower , but no less powerful .
cheery yellow light spilled over the plants strewn on my desk , the glow just reaching ceri sitting on a cushion she had brought over from keasley 's .
there were so many plants it was hard to tell .
heather jerked her chin at the director , who was lecturing some poor sap trying to position a potted plant .
like her old house , the olive walls and the ceiling are garnished with lush vines and florid plants .
i know from experience that she controls the plants and can turn them on me .
i knelt before the small plants , moving my way around the bed , circling the rosebush and pulling a third of them .
an entire section of plants had been snapped at their bases and were now sprawled and wilting .
face warm , i stomped over and stood under it , the plants in my hand like an accusation .
` ` jenks helped me with the plants .
i had a feeling jenks was more worried about the plants than the boy .
her plucked eyebrows rose upon taking in the bee pollen , yeast , honey , maple syrup , beer , band - aids , and the ailing plant jenks had rescued from the half - price rack in the tiny floral department .
flustered , she kept trying to ring up the marked - down plant , finally giving up and putting it into a plastic bag .
jenks had put his ailing plant on the table , and it was looking better already .
i did n't want to tend his stupid plants , i wanted to help him . ''
` ` it was just plain luck matalina found me sleeping under that bluebell plant and not one of her brothers .
my feet slipped on leaves and weak - stemmed plants and i almost went down .
my wandering attention touched on the potted plants jenks had left behind on my desk , and i jerked to a halt , seeing a pair of green eyes under the chair , catching the light .
i lifted a plant and ran my hand under it - my version of dusting .
skimmer must ' ve brought the floor plants , since i had n't seen them before .
grumbling , jenks flitted to the plants on my desk to sulk .
i was taking advantage of it by tending my yew plant , having an idea that i might make up some forget potions in case newt showed again .
the soft plunk of a cut tip dropping into one of my smaller spell pots was loud , and with my face turned to the earth , i knelt before the tombstone it was growing out of and sent my fingers lightly among the branches , harvesting the ones growing inward to the center of the plant .
earth magic used potions and amulets , finding the energy to perform the spell in plants , who ultimately pulled it from the ley lines themselves .
there were shade - loving plants tucked into the moist shelter of the flying buttresses .
but you have to ask yourself how are you ever going to know which mate you can trust and which mate might be another plant . ''
we poured our soup into aunt tabby 's spider plant when nurse watkins was n't look ing , but there was n't anything else for dinner .
it went like this : things that aunt tabby will not like when she comes home one garden gate thrown on top of the hedge one dead spider plant one house full of bats one bedroom full of clothes thrown everywhere five smashed picture frames at least two dozen moldy curtains strewn around the house ditto books ditto flowerpots one smashed - up chest hundreds of old tennis balls one kitchen ceiling covered in food it did not look good .
nurse watkins had thrown away the dead spider plant .
she did n't know you could write so much about one plant .
chapter one i hitched the canvas strap holding the watering canister higher up on my shoulder and stretched to get the nozzle into the hanging plant .
i glanced down the row of hanging plants before the windows to the freestanding fish tank behind the receptionist 's desk .
i gave her a noncommittal nod and squirted a tiny amount of water into the next plant .
` ` i ' m done with the plants in there , '' he said loudly as he landed on the rim of the hanging pot in front of me .
while miss office professional typed a letter , i snapped open a step stool and began to clip leaves off the hanging plant beside her desk .
` ` my magic is from ley lines , too , but it 's naturally filtered through plants .
white earth magic pays for it by my blood and killing plants .
the text i had for binding a familiar was in latin , but i knew the scientific names of the plants enough to follow it .
` ` i can read the plant names , and i ' m sure i made the transfer medium right , as it 's standard , but the incantation is iffy . ''
the trees and plants carried a similar reddish glow , and though no wind whispered through the linden tree outside the kitchen , the branches of the stunted ever - after trees tossed in the wind that lifted my hair .
the incantation was in english , and there were no brews or plants involved at all .
thinking this was easier than grinding plants and boiling water , i said the incantation and made a swooping loop of a figure in the air with my hand , imagining it was like writing your name with a sparkler on the fourth of july .
trent 's renowned walled gardens took up much of the side and back , the acres of well - tended plants surrounded by fields of grass and then his eerie planned - out forest .
i could feel it trying to devour my sunglasses like some sort of carnivorous jungle plant .
in fact , there seemed to be plants everywhere .
we continued picking plants for a while until alice said , ` ` you say this girl 's dress is beautiful ? ''
just when i thought the pain in my chest could n't get any worse , it seemed to bloom like a thorny plant .
his talent for healing extended to plants , and he was running his hands over a browned and drooping azalea when i flung open the door .
probably al sorts of english plants to heal- then i caught sight of a house .
` ` go work your plant mojo , and we can , uh , talk or whatever later . ''
apparently there were a lot more sick plants here than he thought . ''
your dad said there were only a couple of plants that i needed to look at , but it was like as soon as i finished healing one plant , another one started drooping and looking sick .
your dad said there were only a couple of plants that i needed to look at , but it was like as soon as i finished healing one plant , another one started drooping and looking sick .
` ` he pushed the plant toward me , and i noticed a few brown spots on its velvety petals .
` ` do n't worry about it , '' he said , even as his hand curled protectively around the plant .
my seventeenth birthday party was held in the conservatory , that giant glass room fil ed with plants .
one had already come up to me three separate times , and each time i took a drink , only to pour it in the nearest potted plant as soon as the waiter walked away .
i walked away to the corner of the room and ducked behind a truly insane amount of potted plants .
the only plants were scrubby pine trees and unidentifiable bushes , and the ground was a mix of damp sand and rocks .
there was a sort of roof garden here - anyway , a lot of scraggly plants in large wooden tubs .
unlike the others , it had something else : on the sill there were a couple of plastic buckets with dirt and scraggly plants .
and a face looking out between the plants .
there was a quarter moon , so it was n't all that bright out , but the silver light gilded sand and spiky plants .
` ` was that blue eyed man the first plant ? ''
they could not process the plants or animals as humans did , so they learned to take their nourishment from blood .
the plant threw a large , black shadow on the weedchoked parking lot .
no plants , no animals .
i was desperate to find some plants in china that i thought would help my sick mother , but it seemed impossible .
mendel had over twenty - nine thousand pea plants . ''
` ` some kind of hocus - pocus , i think , but he needs a specific plant to pull it off .
they whacked down the plants with machetes and piled them in the center .
the first elder motioned to the field where howard and phil were cutting down plants .
the scent of flowers and tropical plants in the air .
leaning to the side , he tossed the stuff out into a potted plant , left the glass on the hall table and - the instant they saw him come through the door , everyone shut up .
she hit the floor painfully , on top of a pile of assorted junk -- pieces of old leather , some bricks , a couple of withered old plants she guessed myrnin was saving for botanical salvage .
these bright balls stopped often at plants and at the bases of trees .
it moved carefully over the plant , touching down on each outstretched branch , and then moved on .
i sensed , on some level , that it was comforting the dying plant .
the walls seemed alive , as various plant life clung to it , all moving and swaying in the currents .
nothing to see except plants .
there was a dying plant on the windowsil , its leaves dry and browning .
bonnie got right to work , sprinkling dried plants across the trapdoor .
exquisite , brightly colored homes lined the streets , well - dressed civilians bustled here and there , perfectly manicured flowers and plants adorned the walkways .
all you have to do is throw down one tiny vial of plant extracts '' ` ` what ? ''
she knows her herbs , and she says there 's a plant called vervain . ''
i looked into her large , cat - like eyes and dropped the plant to the forest floor .
a little late , he realized that the resilience of the plants must be supernatural : his power - enhanced strength was enough to break bones , tear through metal , and should have had no problem with a bit of pondweed .
` ` meredith , i do n't think you could have seen it , but the plants you were tangled in spel ed it out against your legs . ''
taking a deep breath , he final y said , ` ` the name the plants spel ed out was damon . ''
the thought of his name , written in water plants across meredith 's legs , floated through her mind .
` ` holy water , '' meredith said , lifting a plant mister out of her bag to show him .
i 'll be looking for uncataloged plants in the hope of discovering pharmaceutical uses . ''
` ` we ' ve only identified one percent of the medicinal plants in the basin , yet that one percent accounts for twenty - five percent of all our pharmaceuticals .
i do n't know what you 're planning , plant boy- '' ` ` gardener , '' he corrected , going a touch red . ` `
` ` yeah , there was nothing awkward about you hiding behind a plant when i came into the dining hall at lunch on wednesday . ''
from the plant .
` ` when plant boy was strangling me because he thought i was you ?
there , at the opposite end of the hall past a tall potted plant was a dark wall with ashh on it in enormous , luminous letters .
and on the floor next to the elevators was an enormous potted plant .
through the plant 's leaves , ivy kept an eye on the guard , who had started pacing back and forth .
` ` another plant ? ''
or maybe she was the plant .
she was humming when i walked in and puttering with the sad little basil plant mom had bought at walmart .
my pasta forgotten , i watched as maya picked up two apples and one banana and laid them on either side of the basil plant .
` ` maya , '' i said as she continued to cluck over the plant , ` ` let 's say you have a hedge witch summoning ghosts , and the one she 's summoned is all big and scary and dangerous . ''
bringing back plants , doing the odd luck spell .
` ` but it was n't enough , '' i said softly , remembering maya just that evening , bringing our basil plant back to life .
and no matter how many plants or birds or stray dogs i drained , it was like i could feel dex 's soul flickering .
a plant , she thought .
the joshua trees were strangely beautiful , but alsothe closest thing to a plant made up of tentacles as she 'd ever seen .
she might find the plants that had the most potential of saving her mother .
she mentioned some plants she wanted to find in the yunnan province of china , and one of laszlo 's buttons popped off and bounced onto his black - topped table .
roman used a plant from that province when he invented the stay - awake drug . ''
` ` roman still has the plant in his lab , '' laszlo continued .
shall i go find that plant for you ? ''
` ` she mentioned to laszlo that she was looking for some plants in the yunnan province of china . ''
over two thousand plants are endemic to the area . ''
` ` i have the plant you wanted . ''
so we thought you might like this plant . ''
` ` it 's a rare plant from the yunnan province . ''
gregori went back into his office , set the plant on his desk , then tossed vanna in the closet and shut the door .
` ` three rare plants that are endemic to the yunnan province .
i have the information on the plants at work , including the mostly likely areas for locating them . ''
i 'll fetch your plant from my office and bring it to you . ''
by the time they reached the foyer , gregori had returned with the plastic container containing the plant she wanted to examine .
` ` what if the chinese realize she 's stolen some of their plants for research ? ''
` ` if i discover something useful with one of the plants , '' abigail said , ` ` i 'll find a way to synthesize it so we wo n't have to go back .
` ` if abigail can give us some information on the plants , we 'll do our best to locate them ahead of time .
with enough information , we should be able to find the plants she wants . ''
` ` i ' m sure they can locate the plants without you . ''
she 'd tossed all her plant information inside .
she tossed it back onto her desk and strode to the black - topped table where she 'd started examining the plant he had given her .
the epoxy resin surface was cool to the touch and bare right now except for her microscope and the plant at the end of the table .
you need the information on the plants . ''
abigail was hoping to find an ancient plant along the yangtze river .
an hour later , abigail was in her lab , printing out photos of the three plants they would search for in yunnan .
` ` these are the two plants i 'd like to collect in this area .
` ` i know you 're here for the plants , but our first priority is keeping you safe . ''
if we go hunting for a plant tonight , bring one for abigail . ''
` ` they 're on their way to find one of the plants .
` ` we were n't sure if you wanted clippings or the whole plant . ''
` ` oh , the whole plant would be wonderful .
gregori grabbed the trowel and located a cluster of small tiger paw plants .
three plants . ''
` ` did the healer tell you where the second plant is located ? ''
what about the plants ? ''
did you look for your plants ? ''
oh , plants !
` ` the plants are over there . ''
the field was vast , row after row of knee - high leafy green plants .
the adults pulled knives from their belts and cut leaves off the plants .
` ` i have her plant . ''
for goodness ' sake , she was only looking for a few plants .
and all those plants ?
once we get home , you 'll be doing all the work with the plants . ''
from the grim looks on their faces , she could tell they had n't found the third plant .
` ` i 'll hunt for the plant while you guys sleep , '' howard offered .
howard was out searching for the plant while rajiv guarded the cave .
from her research , she believed the plant could boost a person 's immune system , make him stronger and more impervious to disease .
she had her backpack now , but no samples of the demon herb or the third plant .
and i did n't get any of the demon herb or the other plant .
if you had given me a sample of your blood , i might not have needed those damned plants , and we would n't have suffered , and i would n't have met that demon , and he would n't have threatened to make my mother worse ! ''
undeterred , he moved swiftly on to plan b - holding her plants hostage until she agreed to meet him .
did n't she want the damned plants ?
` ` i came to get my plants . ''
` ` your plants are in here . ''
in fact , i crave it , like a dying plant craves water .
a semi - dead plant .
but when she was installed in a sort of moorish fantasy bathroom , surrounded by jungly green plants and exotic tiles and brass globe lights with cut - out star shapes , she decided that she could probably adjust to living this way .
it was okay for people to think gran was a witch - if by ` ` witch '' they meant someone who talked to plants and mixed up homemade hair tonic .
i have to water mom 's outside plants and feed the rabbits and stuff , anyway .
still shy , she took a sprig of broom - real broom , the plant - and swept the area inside the ring .
we are exploring the combustion of plant matter , not your social lives ! ''
` ` the process by which plants turn sunlight into energy ? ''
` ` i have to check the plants at the side of the house .
sonya was easily distracted by the various plants and trees that the city used to beautify the streets .
most moroi avoided this kind of intense sun , but her love of plants was so great that she 'd been risking it to work on some of the ailing flowers in clarence 's garden .
there were more palm trees ringing the yard , along with a terraced garden full of plants , both native and non - native .
plants and herbs lined the sill of a dark window .
all of the plants and little vials were labeled and in alphabetical order .
for example , i had to pluck thirteen fresh mint leaves off one of her plants , dropping each leaf in one at a time while counting them off in greek .
only my reflection peered back at me , the poor lighting dulling my blond hair , which looked terrible both from sleeping on it and having a bunch of dried plants hanging in its strands .
sonya was a huge lover of plants and flowers , and this was pretty much her dream location for a wedding .
trees and other plants heavy with brightly colored flowers lined the sides , filling the humid air with a perfume that was almost dizzying .
one of the teachers , ms . whittaker , was an amateur botanist who was always happy to supply ms . terwilliger with various plants and herbs .
statues and fountains dotted the pool 's surface , and the whole space was surrounded in gorgeously manicured trees and other plants .
my gaze traveled over the changes she 'd made since moving in : asters arranged in mason - jar vases , live plants bought off the sale rack and nurtured back to health clustered at the lace - curtained windows , bits of ribbon draped over mirrors to remind wandering spirits not to cross into them , yellowed doilies bought at yard sales decorating the padded arms of the couch , and faded pillows and swaths of fabric disguising the old furniture .
telling herself she had things to do and needed to go , she stayed motionless among the foliage of the tropical plants .
when she came farther out of the screen of tropical plants , the desire he 'd kept banked with difficulty sparked at finally seeing the body he 'd been imagining all week .
there were no sidewalks , no grass , no plant life of any kind except the dead weeds in the abandoned lots .
the plants and vines were as alien as the people on the cobbled streets a quarter mile away .
back into civilization , the unpaved dirt roads that smelled of dust and plants , particularly the tobacco i recognized from my native virginia .
after taking a seat on a bench , she turned to talk to a ... plant ?
she glared at the plant , then murmured , ` ` did you see the way those entrants looked at me ?
the plant replied , ` ` actually , one of them plans to remove all your teeth , so that you can handle his ' penile girth . '
trehan wanted to end that mouthy plant .
there are a few plants and patches - of dry grass . ''
chapter six aweekafter leaving the desert behind , we entered a jungle of thick cactus plants , long snaking vines , and stunted , twisted trees .
a foul smell of putrid water and rotting plants emanated from the swamp .
then , drawing our weapons - a knife for me , a spear for harkat - we pushed through the damp overhanging fronds and crept slowly past the various trees and plants .
she arranged the sleeping quarters every night - she could set up a camp within seconds - and told us what we could and could n't eat ( many of the animals and plants were poisonous or indigestible ) .
though jacob unearthed the delicate plants under her supervi- sion , lyssa knew he hardly needed it .
he 'd perhaps fed them information through a human plant serving him .
emerald plants rose proudly .
to kaitlyn it was an almost frightening display of plant life .
it was like a puzzle shaped like a wall on either side of the road - the pieces were different colors for different plants , but they interlocked solidly to fill all the space between the ground and the sky .
it was a place where people did n't belong , where the plant kingdom ruled .
a salad that seemed to be made of more wild plants than lettuce - flowers and what looked like weeds .
` ` plants of every type ; herb , root , and leaf .
they 'd been carved in the rock , with pigments added - orange for the hair , white chalk for the garments , green for the plants that grew around them , and even blue for the sky over their heads .
how he 'd laid out the specimens of pigment , the lab reports , the detailed studies of the plants in the carvings and even the white robes of the twins .
he never knew if things looked different because of it - the carnations staring at him from their vases , skyscrapers hideously visible like plants sprung up from steel seeds overnight - or because he was just going out of his mind .
for example , she maintained that the discovery of agriculture had actually come about because tribes who lived very well by hunting wanted to have hallucinogenic plants ever available to them for religious trances .
the green plants were dripping with icicles .
` ` we drank the dream potions made by our mother from the plants we grew on the mountain , and in our trances and dream states , we traveled back into the past and spoke with our ancestors - very great witches whose names we knew .
he said , gesturing to the glass walls around us , ` ` pick one tree ; describe it , if you will , in terms of what it destroys , what it defies , and what it does not accomplish , and you have a monster of greedy roots and irresistible momentum that eats the light of other plants , their nutrients , their air .
i'l always have nightmares ... '' misao perked up like a wilting plant getting water .
you ca n't even remember that kitsune control al plants and trees ?
now if the kitsune sent plants or wood against them , he was armed .
` ` then he turned and strode over to the royal radhika plant , and with one yank , pul ed it out of its bower .
then the dark one smiled and sent one of her attendants running for a pot with soil for the plant to survive in .
her chest seemed to be going into spasms as it had when the sucker plants had wound their way around her and cut off her breath .
so powerful that they used malach , which are really plants but look like insects that can be no bigger than a pinhead or big enough to swallow your arm .
` ` just in case they try to use plants against us .
he then began moving literally faster than the human eye could track , never stopping in any one place long enough for any plant to grasp him .
there was n't a plant in the room that could be strangling him .
and so , when he had gotten free , he had made up a bouquet - kitsune could do anything with plants , although surely this was a great feat , something like finding the secret of eternal youth ... to turn vampires into humans .
bonnie scanned the plants .
there are certain plants , though , that might help you .
` ` or at least some of the plants , '' stefan said .
the plants , with their branching green stems and their small - toothed leaves , did look more like weeds than anything else .
was he some hothouse plant grown to prodigious proportions in the company of elderly people , never having seen a person his own age do n't be hasty !
had he told me about the mountains that you could look immediately down into the deep soft valleys and that the neighboring slopes seemed so close you thought you could touch them , though they were far , far away i do n't think so , but he had described well the flowers - the shrimp plant with its tiny blossoms , and the orchid tree and the ginger lilies , yes , those fierce red lilies with their delicate shivering petals , and the ferns nestled in the deep glades , and the waxen bird - of - paradise and the tall stiff pussy willows , and the tiny yellow - throated blossoms of the trumpet vine .
he does not build , he does not delve , he neither plants nor harvests .
` ` what about a potted plant ? ''
` ` what about if it '' s not got an urn or a plinth or a potted plant ? ''
and where trees and rocks had piled up in a dam , saplings and green plants had sprouted .
tunstell lay prone over a potted plant stage right - also known as the kitchen entrance .
mr . tumtrinkle , sporting a substantial fake mustache and a waistcoat so tight it was near to popping over his well - padded circumference , was tiptoeing across the stage wielding another potted plant , macduff with birnam wood , and carrying a baguette sword .
` ` imagine being named after a poisonous plant ! ''
it had intricate carvings of plants that had gone extinct long ago .
mr . crepsley applied the sap of herbal plants that he found along the way on my soles and carried me for a couple of nights while my skin grew back ( i healed quicker than a human would ) .
for a couple of nights we traveled over country that was one long , unbroken blanket of freezing white where nothing lived , but after that trees , plants , and animals appeared again .
the rustle of growing plant life slowed and nikolai turned a nonchalant look on her .
past the dark shadow of the windowless foyer was my desk , at the back of the sanctuary where the altar used to be , the oak rolltop currently covered with plants and serving as a winter home for jenks and his family .
` ` there 's a chair over here , '' he said , and i leaned against the wall beside the fake potted plant as ivy used one hand to keep me upright , and the other to almost throw the chair open , the locks snapping in place from the sudden shock of being jerked to a stop .
i 'd rather have gone to the right , where the floor was covered in carpet and there were fake potted plants , but ivy , who clearly knew the drill , was already headed for the sterile , ugly hallway to the left with its white tile and milky - plastic doors .
` ` ivy roots , '' i murmured , reaching for the little measuring cup full of the tiny little rhizomes from one of jenks 's plants in the sanctuary .
she handed one to me without looking , and as soon as we found the band , i stopped beside a potted plant at the window .
he stalked a small , square area of the plateau , surveying for poisonous plants or animals .
of course i did mine on the herbs and edible plants the colonists grew , but mom also sewed me a costume complete with a muslin shirt and wool skirt .
because there 's no way those plants are going to die when she 's not here .
god , i was going to kill all these plants without even trying .
mom would want someone who was into plants and maybe artsy .
out here , with the plants , or in a room full of screaming kids .
` ` so you 're like a plant . ''
he sure as hell does n't look like any plant i ' ve ever seen .
like a plant . ''
the air has a moist quality to it , like it 's part plant part earth .
some of them ran up under the plant bubba had sent to him .
one who bumped his head anytime he neared low - hanging signs or plants .
so that was the end of that plan , except that the immortal widow of the immortal man who had survived the flood took pity on him , and they told gilgamesh that if he tied stones to his feet and sank down in the sea he could find a plant that , once eaten , gives you eternal youth .
down he went and he found the plant .
his worst habit apparently , this sleeping ... and a snake comes and takes the plant .
` ` do you know , '' he asked me , smiling , ` ` that the old persians , they thought that ... during the last millennia before the final resurrection men would gradually turn away from the eating of meat and milk , and even plants , and that they would be sustained only on water ?
egyptian lilies galore , and large fanlike plants , all waving just a little in the breeze .
maharet had imported every small colorful tropical creature or plant imaginable .
it was a root planted in the earth from which myriad plants have sprung so that the root has lost its shape , its boundaries , its ` ` rootness . ''
so comforting to the world of mortal beings and animal things , and the plants breaking through the soil everywhere , and the trees sighing through a billion leaves .
they were designed to hold things tara would need when she was changing the babies , and on the higher shelves would be the knickknacks people had given her : a china baby shoe with a plant in it , a cute picture frame with a photo of the twins , their baby books .
maybe i 'd come back tomorrow and stick a potted plant in the dirt to kind of explain the digging .
alison had the admirable ability to persuade most every plant , shrub , or tree to thrive even when they were n't native .
` ` i was getting ready to water the plants , '' chastity lied .
the littles came out from behind a cluster of leafy potted plants ; their movements were in perfect synchronicity .
he looked left , then right , then shrugged and continued removing millimeter by millimeter the dry remains of some long - ago desert plant that had been sent by a demon to take root on the painting .
` ` from the plant aconitum vulparia , '' said taylor , watching him intently .
instead , the trunk was filled with dried plants , broken antiques , and assorted worthless - looking junk .
the effect is charming , especially when her marmalade cat , mr . snuggly , sits like a furry statue amongst the roses , the ice plants , and the petunias .
the slanted morning sun warmed his striped orange fur to show up golden against the green of the plants and the dark brown of the stone .
she crouched to figure out if the plant could be divided .
when she brushed up against any plant , water coursed from it to soak her even more .
a plant - filled courtyard dominated her front lawn , featuring terra - cotta birdbaths , lush floral arrangements , and tasteful sitting areas .
she led me to the edge of the pool area , where plants spilled from terra - cotta pots and part of the stone wall gave way to a rocky waterfall .
i was pleased to see that plants , rather than a fence , formed the barrier to the backyard .
i picked my way through tangles of plants as they grabbed at my skin and clothes .
it was lighter in here , although bliss kept plants clustered around the narrow windows .
i kill plants .
` ` how dare ... '' eyelashes dripping , mouth agape , rachel grabbed the first thing she touched - a potted plant - and threw it .
the plant landed on kelly 's head .
it was she who was pulsating and vibrating and crackling everywhere , through rock , dirt , plants , the driest desert , or the richest soil .
but in the past , i was gifted at connecting with all of nature , from plants and animals , to even the rocks themselves .
years ago , the lake had been filled with lotus plants - more lotus plants than i had ever seen .
years ago , the lake had been filled with lotus plants - more lotus plants than i had ever seen .
but the plants had slowly died off and now they were gone and it saddened the heart .
potted plants were arranged outside the bar 's back door , and a nearby fire escape appeared freshly painted .
i was on one knee , which was digging into a small spider plant that had seen better days .
i fluffed up the little plant and stood .
what few plants there were had been trampled .
we continued along , picking our way quickly , brushing past only slightly overgrown bushes and plants .
he stared at the long tables filled with exotic plants .
she had spent a lifetime accumulating it - buying each plant from a funny little man dressed all in black with a bowler hat .
in the months since he had known her , he had learned much about medicinal plants .
` ` this setting - from the lamps , to the plants , to the table - could have come straight out of the bible . ''
erin and jordan followed the others down a gravel path through a rose garden , the plants long off their bloom .
she had drawn the plants and flowers herself , written the instructions in her fairest hand by candlelight during the long winter hours .
there was also a beautifully inscribed drawing of a plant : leaves , stems , even a detailed notation of its root system .
` ` it describes an alder plant , listing various properties of its parts .
it contained a skillful drawing of a yarrow plant .
still , the countess had sought to understand plants , to bring them order , mixing science with the beliefs of her day .
erin settled into her seat and read , no longer noticing the turbulence as she learned about the ancient uses of plants .
she was plainly reviving , like a dry plant after watering .
i mean , she 's only a keeper with the gift of death , which she inherited from her mother who had a slight bit of plant nymph blood inside her .
in an unfamiliar bed , covered with a blanket and the room is crammed with plants .
i ask , pulling the bottom of my shirt back over my stomach as i gaze around at all the plants .
the plants are healthy for her gift . ''
the air smells leafy and reminds me of nicholas , but it 's coming from the plants flourishing from the walls and ceiling .
like the bedroom , there are plants all over the shelves , vines decorating the ceiling , and plants in the windowsill .
like the bedroom , there are plants all over the shelves , vines decorating the ceiling , and plants in the windowsill .
` ` okay , the plants are kind of creeping me out . ''
i glance over my shoulder and realize it 's not stasha that has a hold of me but her plants .
` ` her plants attacked me and then she touched me ... .you know , you could have warned me about the plants . ''
` ` her plants attacked me and then she touched me ... .you know , you could have warned me about the plants . ''
and do n't ruin my plants , '' she snaps at someone , clearly not alone .
and stasha 's watering her plants . ''
` ` but you two are lucky that that stupid monster 's ice froze over my plants , otherwise this would have gone down differently . ''
that sounds like a plant to me .
an hour ago , it had been a beautiful spot , with thick stands of flowers and plants and trees and bushes , all arranged around a gurgling stone fountain .
but no matter the plant life that surrounded the soupy marshes , the still , shallow waters reflected back the brilliant blue sky overhead , until it seemed that the surface of the swamp was as bright and clear as the azure sky .
no art decorated the walls , no sculptures sat in the corners , no potted plants perched in the windows .
` ` he wanted to see how dark and light he could get the petals and stems on the same plant .
after hades stole persephone , demeter refused to let the plants grow , starving everyone , and they had to reach a compromise : persephone spends half of the year with him and half with her mother .
alone the goddess of harvest wandered the world , clothed in rags , like a common woman , and in her sorrow she had forgotten to tend to the soil and cultivate plants .
basil , yarrow , mint , brilliant red poppies , yellow cornflower , fuzzy bush clover , white umbrellas of elderberry ... they never needed to leave the premises to look for wild plants .
the bloodmagic inundated them , acting like a catalyst , fusing , shaping , molding the natural force of the dried plants .
around the pond , plants thrived in bordered flower beds : bright red and yellow canna flowers with big leaves , small purple and scarlet clusters of verbena , and dandelion - gold stars of yellow bush daisy .
i 'll purchase some plants and gardening tools . ''
a vast garden came into focus , a long path winding its way between the flowers and plants one would never find on earth .
the terraced buildings rose high on both sides of it , their textured ledges and balconies filled with plants .
green , blue , and dark purple plants grew here and there in ornate pots .
most fragments we find are dead : no plants , no animals , often no atmosphere .
no amount of plant dye or salon work can disguise the mark of cain .
taking care of plants is kind of our thing . ''
i volunteer at the temple a few nights a month , making sure the plants are healthy .
but did you have to pee on her plant ?
are you going to teach me about plant life or something ?
hedge mages use herbs and plants to make potions .
she used to bug the faeries visiting from the seelie court to teach her about plants . ''
ahead , the rain had stopped , leaving the courtyard heavy with the scent of wet cobblestones and the sharp green scent of plants .
since prytania place was basically a mage city within the city , they kept a greenhouse for easy access to herbs and plants for use in home remedies and spells .
i 'd spent many hours in there over the last couple of months taking notes while rhea lectured me on the proper uses for each species of plant .
but under rhea 's tutelage , i knew all sorts of random tricks and uses for herbs and plants .
six months earlier , i could n't tell the difference between a cannabis plant and a fern .
the windows cast a warm glow on the grass and plant - filled urns that dotted the paths .
hearty rosemary plants still thrived despite the chill .
adam and nyx had headed into town to gather some supplies , giguhl and valva had been sent to scout for plants and herbs for amulets and potions , and tristan went to fill calyx and horus in on the plan .
we ran through lush forests filled with both conifers and hardwood trees , sparkling brooks and deep pools , medicinal plants and flowers of every variety and color .
` ` watch your step - most of these plants are carnivorous . ''
strange orange plants grew among the debris , each a thin stalk terminating in a single triangular leaf .
plants loved magic ; it spurred their growth like supercharged miracle - gro , and the trees around us looked decades old , their limbs braiding into a single mass of branches .
` ` think if we crawl on that balcony , those plants will eat us ? ''
naeemah climbed up the side wall and jumped onto the balcony , disappearing behind the plant growth .
an indoor garden , lush with green plants , spread on both sides of me in curved , raised beds , bordered by a gently winding pond , where fat lazy koi floated under the lily pads .
these mountains constitute europe 's largest forested area and contain over a third of all european plant species . ''
the old photographs showed a small stream winding through it all , flanked by carefully selected plants , its waters sheltering huge surly koi .
the elevator no longer worked , the plants , stream , and koi had vanished years ago , and the main floor lay bare .
living things generated magic by simply being , and when put against inert concrete and steel , plants had the advantage .
more plants and boxes were stacked along the short , narrow hallway , as well as bags of fertilizer and other greenery accessories .
then he disappeared into the main part of the shop before returning with some fragrant potted plants and a box of matches .
the edges of the smoking plants brushed kramer before he could make himself poof out of the way .
all the ones i ' ve seen are just vague impressions of leftover energy , no more sentient or able to interact than a house plant . ''
` ` you said ghosts were only faint , residual imprints of leftover energy , no more interactive than a house plant .
spade , too , was packing sage , and between the huge snapping dragon that kramer did n't seem to want to poltergeist through , and the two vampires throwing lighted greenery his way , kramer could n't dodge the flying plant missiles fast enough .
smoke filled the room from the many lit plants , combined with the carpet starting to smolder from the burning piles of sage thrown onto it .
it felt weird to be loading up on plants instead of silver before a potentially dangerous situation .
the only light came from the orange halos around the sage as the flames curled the plants into blackened , smoking remains , but bones and i had no trouble seeing as we pieced together hunks of limestone , quartz , and moissanite into another trap .
` ` why ca n't we just have fabian spy on the ghouls and report back , instead of sending dave in as a plant with fabian as the relay ? ''
the plant most fabled to repel vampires was actually part of a ghost 's kryptonite ?
` ` the other is the plant some people smoke , '' fabian went on .
` ` not that plant , '' fabian said , frowning .
` ` he 's not a plant that i can just stick on a ledge near the sunshine , bones ! ''
of course , that could also be from the new plants bones went out to procure while i was doing my imitation of martha stewart .
now i was the dubious owner of several fragrant garlic bulbs and a few fluffy pot plants .
` ` my grandsire is n't much for dramatics , so whatever he wants to propose , it 's not whether i 'll water his plants for him for a small fee when he goes out of town . ''
it was dark green and form - fitting , and it held a little stretch , courtesy of some natural rubber plant woven between the fibers for ease of motion .
she had the plants growing under all her windows and in pots on either side of the front and back doors of the house .
in addition to the papers , there were plants and knick - knacks and books on every available surface .
his nostrils filled with a myriad of smells and odors - the feral odor of animals , the fecund scent of plants and grass and dirt , the stink of a decaying animal in the distance .
going into the kitchen , she filled a pitcher with water and then went from room to room , watering her wilted plants .
would you water my plants and collect my mail until i get home ? ''
baskets of flowers and plants filled every corner of the room , overpowering the air with their fragrance .
there was no grass in the front yard , only a variety of cactus plants that needed little watering .
shirl did the laundry , watered the plants , and took out the trash .
in addition , there was a large conservatory filled with tropical plants and exotic birds .
her mother must have cleaned out the fridge and watered the plants .
` ` you did n't recognize the critters or the plants , so i 'd say you did n't live in the southeast or come through there when you ran away . ''
the verdant smells of plant life swirled around them .
` ` back in the 1960s , there was actually a supernatural doctor in botany science who came here to prove that all this could be explained by some chemical compounds in some plant life .
meaning , the few supernaturals who experience positive emotions were just genetically inclined to react differently to the plant 's compounds .
plants , different kinds of ferns , and even some herbs were stationed at every corner .
` ` i ' m supposed to water the plants and feed the cat for a week . ''
even the air became fragranced with the spicy scent of plants , hinted with the floral aroma of wildflowers .
or how the verdant plant life glistened with all the pinpoints of dew .
in the corner of the room hung a plant , a live plant .
in the corner of the room hung a plant , a live plant .
a thin sheet of water fell from about sixty feet above off the edge of the embankment , tossing tiny pin drops of water onto the variety of plant life and rocks .
a forest of plants below them sweetened the air .
she had won first prize for the article she 'd written for their pennsylvania school newspaper about the school book fair and had won an award for the work she had done on her biology plant study in 9th grade .
her cells absorbed his ability as eagerly as a plant absorbed sunshine .
she had spoken about her woods , and her forest , with such reverence that he had assumed she 'd returned to the trees and plants that had brought a small smile to her face when she spoke of them .
the two boys had trampled two basil plants and a rosemary bush in an effort to peek through the window of a house sharing the same courtyard , where a beautiful young signora tended to stand whilst changing .
victoria had n't realized that gwen was going to be in attendance tonight , and she eased back behind a nearby cluster of potted plants disguised as seaweed in an effort to keep out of her friend 's view .
from what she knew about the elixir , it could only be made from the stamen of a special plant that bloomed rarely - perhaps once per century , or no more than twice .
` ` the plant which makes up a large portion of the formula is very rare , and grows only once or twice per century .
` ` he is not a venator , but an herbalist and alchemist who studies the properties of plants and metals and is very talented with his work . ''
in the shadows victoria could see that the walls were overgrown with foliage , sprouting tall plants and grasses along the top and from the sides .
` ` there 's moss everywhere , and plants , '' victoria commented , looking over the shadowy interior of what had once been a pristine arena .
` ` hannever finds many of the herbs and plants he uses in his medicinal treatments at the consilium growing here .
there was a drawing of an odd - looking plant - a flower , really - with a swath of petals that grew up and curled out like the inverted skirt of a woman , and a massive , upright stamen .
` ` it 's a plant .
lilith took it lazily , but sara saw the way her gaze sharpened when she looked at the drawing of the plant and the instructions , written in a language that sara did n't understand .
palmor had financed the ` ` rofurbishing '' of dozons of moat plants nationwido , all of thom rodosigned according to oichhorst 's oxact spocifications .
a nucloar plant accidont had boon roported on the oastorn coast of china .
a nucloar plant accidonti that 's a moltdown , not a bomb .
gus omorged from the nuko plant ahoad of angol , into the dim , ovorcast last day .
once it roached the wator tablo , the ground bonoath the plant would orupt in a lothal roloaso of stoam .
the oarth bonoath the plant oruptod , and the origin placo of the final ancient was oblitoratod -- as was sotrakian , in the samo instant .
in the first wooks following the oarthquakos and volcanic oruptions triggored by nucloar plant moltdowns and warhoad dotonations , the dark sky had hung thick with birds .
the vampire did not suck the bloed out of its human victim but instoad rolied on physics to do the extraction , the socond stingor canal forming a vacuum - liko connoction through which artorial bloed was drawn up as oasily as wator crawls up the stom of a plant .
built in 1906 , the plant was moant to koop up with the aroa 's domands and growth for at loast a contury .
winkler had spent a lot of money on the pool , ashe figured ; it was irregularly shaped , with palms , tropical plants and flowers surrounding the flagstone border .
` ` yeah , you do n't want to talk to the plants - the pines play disco , '' ashe said , sending sali into a snorting fit of laughter .
ashe was in his bedroom ; his mother was tending her plants upstairs in the solarium so ashe did n't have to whisper .
i think we have some sort of bug eating the tomato plants in the community garden . ''
ashe lifted the box of tender plants his mother had carefully packed for one of their regular customers - an elderly woman who still insisted on doing her own gardening .
she 'd already been to the grocery store and carefully explained to ashe what she 'd purchased there as he carried her box of plants to an old cadillac parked nearby .
it was nearly spring break and cordell feed and seed was busy - people were buying plants already .
the familiar scents of fertilizer , chicken feed and live plants greeted sali and ashe as they stepped inside cordell feed and seed .
ashe pushed sali toward the greenhouse afterward to water tomato and pepper plants .
sali loved to use the sprayer hose , sending a fine mist over the small , tender plants .
sali , moving on to spray larger plants in pots at the back of the greenhouse , left ashe alone to consider his probable human future .
a hall on the southwestern side led into adele 's solarium , where plants and cooking herbs were grown .
aedan had offered to replace adele 's battered truck with a new version many times , but adele argued that she often carried plants or bags of feed in the back and did n't need something else ; it would just get scratched up anyway .
` ` i get to water the plants , '' sali put his bid in right away .
* * * ashe and sali spent the afternoon cleaning up the back room of the store before unloading onion sets and the rest of the plant deliveries , and then unloading a shipment of seeds , gardening supplies and bags of chicken feed .
i think i can grow plants from the dirt on my jeans . ''
adele had gone to the back to inspect another shipment of plants and gardening tools before signing off on it .
watering the plants later , sali glanced at ashe a time or two .
sali 's black eyes stared back across a slatted table filled with plants .
sali lifted the hose again to water plants on the table .
picking dead leaves off caladium plants was their job for the afternoon .
brown or yellowing leaves were dumped in an old cardboard box as ashe and sali made their way through potted plants lined up in neat rows at the back of the greenhouse .
sali asked after pounding the bottom of the box to get the last of the plant detritus out of it .
fifteen tomato plants and six pepper plants went into a box later as ashe rushed around helping customers .
fifteen tomato plants and six pepper plants went into a box later as ashe rushed around helping customers .
everybody wanted to plant over the weekend , so they were buying plants that thursday in preparation .
listened sagely as an old woman spoke about the different kinds of tomatoes and then sold her two dozen plants , as well as squash , zucchini and watermelon seeds .
his mother worked tirelessly with the more difficult tools and plants , between helping with bags of feed and fertilizer .
i ' m bringing the tomato , onion and pepper plants home tomorrow .
heaving a sigh , ashe placed another tomato plant and pushed dirt around the slender stem .
he and his mother would come later and place wire cages around the plants to keep them from drooping and breaking when the tomatoes came and weighed down the plants .
he and his mother would come later and place wire cages around the plants to keep them from drooping and breaking when the tomatoes came and weighed down the plants .
` ` just talking to myself , '' ashe replied and placed another tomato plant .
sali was worse off , since the wind had blown water back at him as he sprayed newly planted seeds and plants .
ashe and sali hauled out plants , fertilizer and gardening tools .
sali hissed as he and ashe moved the newest shipment of plants onto slatted tables inside the greenhouse .
ashe 's burden of plants plunked down beside sali 's .
the bell tinkled over the door and ashe had to leave the conversation behind to help a customer with plants from the greenhouse .
the grayish , slick clay was the width of a hand or two beneath the topsoil and with the multitude of plants growing above it , it was guaranteed to be filled with roots .
toff carefully shoved the edge of his square spade beneath the plants and tossed them aside , once he 'd scooped them up .
toff had been soaked head to heels in an oatmeal bath , even as mother rose used power to neutralize the poison from the roots of the plant .
* * * ` ` here are the plants . ''
corent and tiearan then went to visit mother fern and used even more power to eliminate any signs of the plant from the shovel and the clay toff had brought to her .
someone had deliberately placed that plant inside the boundary .
there , toff found the most wondrous garden - it was lit with solar lamps and multitudes of plants and foliage grew inside , all of it lush and full .
the arboretum would be perfect - it held all kinds of plants and trees .
toff had n't ever seen the gardeners that tended it , but they had to be good - the plants were all thriving .
` ` this should enable those coming tomorrow to help grow plants and such .
giff and her tiny baby had died , poisoned with a plant poison that paralyzed the respiratory system .
` ` we do n't have time to research why their weather is hotter than it should be , or why the plants and trees are dying . ''
` ` i can use it to help trees and plants grow . ''
i 'd brought their animals with them ; i just could n't uproot trees or plants .
` ` that may give us time to work the ash from baetrah into the soil and plant cane crops .
those dark spots consisted of worlds the ra'ak had taken ; now empty of life except for the usual plants , insects and a few stray animals .
` ` the plant is sitting on property owned by the crown .
the vampire belt - where the light was constantly in twilight , still supported plant life - a few things had adapted to the weak light available .
all was quiet on harifa edus - only plant life existed now , with a few insects and fish .
that was n't a plant ? ''
a lush expanse of trees and rare plants was enclosed by tall windows .
the high glass ceiling overhead allowed starlight to filter down upon the wealth of plant life below .
the landscape was already giving way to a lusher , tropical variety of plants .
those plants were trying their best to crowd the side of the road , since most of the high demons and comesuli had gone north after baetrah 's eruption .
furrows were buried beneath heavy , suffocating ash and the plants were dead when garde kicked away some of it to check .
` ` they were running away from the eruption when they were poisoned from eating ash covered plants , '' i said , and then clapped a hand over my mouth .
no beach grasses or plants had been disturbed ; the blanket had just magically appeared there .
patio furniture was scattered in the corners , along with potted palms and other tropical plants .
we only know that the probe sent before us labeled centauri - earth as ` ` habitable '' -oxygen - based atmosphere , a significant amount of freshwater , and soil samples suitable for plant growth .
` ` ware na onnda plant yeah , '' he says .
green plant blood oozes between my fingers from broken stems .
neat rows of vibrant verdant plants spread out like a crazy quilt .
i turn a corner and see someone kneeling on the ground , hunched over some plants .
it has a chaotic feel to it , like it has grown wild , but there are paths and clusters of plants and no weeds , all indications that a true gardener has had his hand in the development of this contained beautiful mess .
you could just water the plants yourselves with sprinklers . ''
next is a field of plants , at least twice the size of the other fields i ' ve run past , the corn and wheat and green beans .
rows and rows and more rows of bright green leafy plants grow in neat , long lines .
the stem is thick and hard ; i guess the plant is like a carrot or potato - the food part of it is underground .
and then the plants die .
what kind of flowers did mom plant in the front yard ?
how the plants take longer to grow ... if they grow at all .
the slats over his window stream artificial light over a small plant in a homemade pot that has long since died .
koi swirl around her fingers , and a lotus plant 's roots tangle in her loose , thick black hair .
she calls , pulling the roots of a lotus plant out of the round handle sticking up from the top of the hatch .
it 's obvious that plants grow on the planet - there is so much green amid the blue - but what if all the plants are poison ?
it 's obvious that plants grow on the planet - there is so much green amid the blue - but what if all the plants are poison ?
a warm breeze floats past us , and i want to close my eyes and savor the scent of plants and earth it carries , but neither of them even notices .
not recycled - a fresh , clean breeze , with scents of dirt and plants and so much more .
he 's right - the purple spanish - moss - like plants that clung to the trees are the same shade as the flower petals , a delicate lilac on the edges that sinks to deep purple in the center .
` ` i find it fascinating that so many plants seem similar to plants on earth ; i 'd like to do some genetic sequencing and determine just how close they are .
` ` i find it fascinating that so many plants seem similar to plants on earth ; i 'd like to do some genetic sequencing and determine just how close they are .
i squint at the plant .
` ` did you know the drug you call phydus - it was developed in part from research the first colony did on some of the plants they discovered here ?
potted plant .
the last group that tried an infiltration without him ended up trying to sneak into the federal reserve bank disguised as potted plants .
one ca n't just ' become ' an oculator in the same way one can choose to become a lawyer , and accountant , or a potted plant .
draulin nodded , then moved over to some kind of fern - type plant and began to cut off fronds to make some shelter .
but living plants , animals , people - perfectly safe .
the shielder 's glass lets in light , but the plants can feel that they are enclosed .
it 's packed with round birch tables and plants in hanging baskets .
perfumed flowers in jewel - toned colors are balanced by intricately cut plants in tranquil blues and greens .
she inches her car along the road until we 're hidden behind a cluster of evergreens my mom had the landscaper plant years ago , after she discovered that our then - neighbor , mr . horferly , liked to take midnight strolls on his property totally in the buff .
eatin ' berries and roots and plants i knew .
i was about to find a potted plant to spit it into . ''
i jump , caught skulking between the column and a massive potted plant .
` ` maybe one of mom 's plants is a cat narcotic .
god knows he chews on them enough - every plant in the house has teeth marks .
and i want the plants chloe said would suck up all the oxygen . ''
mom knows her way around with a paint brush , and she 's amazing at using saris bought at the bazaar as colorful window coverings and table cloths , or plants to cover a stain on the carpet or a crack in the plaster wal s. i ' ve got a few more things to get turned into uc berkeley before i start next fal : ap exam results , graduation certificate , housing deposit .
` ` in your dreams , old man , '' quips his wife , darlene , who 's loading bedding plants into a wheelbarrow .
she glances over the flower beds , the pile of mulch i ' ve yet to spread around the new plants .
when she can be coaxed to leave the hospital for a few hours , she spends them at deb 's apartment , where she tends my sister 's balcony ful of plants but does n't get enough sleep to remove the circles from under her eyes .
these details fal to dad while i distribute her patio ful of plants to neighbors and hospital staff after convincing mom that they would bring comfort to the people deb cared for , that it would be impractical to take them with us .
i bring him an english ivy , the least demanding plant of deb 's col ection , and a box of belongings he left in her apartment .
there are no cracks in these wal s to camouflage with paint or plants , no worn flooring , no yard - sale furniture .
i remember giving bradford the box of clothes and the ivy plant , and i ca n't speak around what feels like a fist in my throat .
there 's a pink - tipped ivy plant of some sort in the centre of it , an indoor potted tree by the window and several hanging and potted plants on my top - floor patio .
there 's a pink - tipped ivy plant of some sort in the centre of it , an indoor potted tree by the window and several hanging and potted plants on my top - floor patio .
i hired a plant person .
he takes us about , pointing out edible plants and fruits and nuts and clams and such , and i ' m thinking i 'll be sticking to my usual salt pork and weevily biscuit , thank you .
there 's some of the plants that tilly pointed out as all right to eat , and when i walk on the sand next to the water , things squirt water up so that will be clams .
tilly called it pigweed when he was pointing out edible plants to us back on the island .
possibly the most abused plant on the streets .
climbing plants grew thick and wild on the buildings , fragrant honeysuckle and ivy and wisteria , but only to a few feet above ground level .
then there were the plants .
` ` he has some plant extracts i do n't recognize . ''
inside were samples from several plants : sprigs of laurel , sycamore and oak leaves , mistletoe berries , blue and white aster , and a packet of dry leaves labeled salvia divinorum .
there were iridescent liquids , brilliantly colored powders , exotic plants wrapped in liquid - all beautiful and alien .
love , finley i fold the note in half and stick it between the stem and the white cotton - looking plant they stuck in with the rose .
i see cornstalks , fields of plants i ca n't identify , long stretches where there are no houses or streetlights or anything man - made at all .
a reddish stain marked the plants and the ground around us .
but there were old wooden shelves on every side , piled high with tiny vials and bottles , filled with plant blossoms , powders , and murky liquids .
i pulled it out from under an encyclopedia of civil war weapons and a catalog of native plants of south carolina .
but this year there was nothing but black and yellow , as far as the eye could see - dead plants , and lubbers eating their way right onto the road .
except the plant looked like it was dying , which made the planter that was n't a planter , on top of the tv that was n't a tv , on top of the fireplace that was n't a fireplace , all seem pointless .
the spidery - looking plant fell off the tv , and the pot broke against the stone of the fireplace .
the only giveaway was the spidery plant .
inside the office , there was n't much more than a few plastic plants , a reenactment calendar that hung crookedly on the wall , and a high linoleum counter .
her ` ` plant '' as she put it , to subtly remind me of birthdays , holidays and our anniversary .
underneath my arms , the rickety - ass wooden plant stand swayed to the left and then the far , far right .
pushing off the railing and dropping to my knees , i hugged the plant stand to my chest .
woody plants and low growing bushes dotted the brackish water , making crossing the mess almost impossible .
the wild mixture of flowers and plants , all sweet and tangy , mixed with the bitterness of herbs and assaulted my senses .
there was also something unique about the plants in here .
she stood beside the nightshade - the plant the oracle had compared to ` ` kisses from those who walk among the gods '' or something crazy like that .
thick cords of a creeping plant climbed the statues and benches , covering everything in front of us in a mass of vibrant red and green .
chapter 5 the next morning , apollo , marcus , and i stood in the small sunroom that overflowed with plants and flowers .
after investigating every flower and plant in the room , she sat on one of the window seats and remained there , gazing at the thick woods that surrounded the safe house .
we spent the morning in the sunroom , but i coaxed her out of that room , mainly because i was going to lose my ever - loving mind if i had to look at another plant again .
it was colder in there , but in a weird way , surrounded by all the plants and windows with nothing but darkness looming outside , it was peaceful .
he reached over , running his fingers over a nearby leafy plant .
creatures of myths roamed freely here , and plants that no longer flourished in the mortal realm grew to staggering heights in olympus .
` ` i quickly learned plants and animals pretty much keel over right away .
a wolfish grin flashed across his striking face before he turned and grabbed a potted plant .
then he sat down , knees pressed again mine , plant in his lap .
` ` touch the plant , ember . ''
death flowed through the rest of the plant , and within seconds , nothing was left but a dried - up stem hanging limply to the side .
in front of a large picture window , several plants basked in the fading sunlight .
when you are n't thinking about anything , touch the plant again . ''
i ran my fingers over the plant .
hayden placed the plant on the floor .
i was way too focused on the fact i did n't want to be one of those statues in the museums - never moving , never changing - to forever be the girl who could n't even touch a plant .
i wanted to change - needed to change , but after two weeks of massacring every plant i 'd touched , things were n't working .
every evening , hayden and i snuck off to the cabin and started with the plants .
he sat , keeping the plant in his lap .
i touched the plant .
instead of hiding in my room to sketch or forcing olivia to entertain me , i started practicing with the plants on my own .
each night i crept downstairs once the house was silent and painstakingly carried a plant back to my bedroom .
a garden of dead plants littered my room , serving as a painful reminder that i had yet to figure out how to control my touch .
the evening before thanksgiving , i sat on the floor with a plant in front of me .
six withered plant corpses filled the pots in the corner .
i made a face at the plant and sank my fingers into the rich , soft soil .
well - hydrated - liz took good care of the plants here .
i 'd come to believe her other gift was a green thumb , because all of the plants grew so beautifully .
i focused on the plant .
it had become my favorite of all plants , because it looked so weird .
calming down took a few minutes , but when my heart did beat somewhat normally , i touched the plant again .
without looking at him , i sat down and pulled the plant into my lap .
the snakelike plant remained whole and healthy .
this is the first time i have n't killed a plant .
` ` do you want to practice with the plant some more ? ''
` ` you did n't kill the plant , ember . ''
` ` but that 's just a plant .
plants were one thing , but humans must still be up in the air .
and you did n't kill the plant . ''
practice with plants .
practice with plants some more .
yesterday , he 'd removed all the plants from the room , except the snake one .
it still had n't died and well , i sort of loved that plant .
` ` no plants ? ''
the plants hanging in pots on the porch were mostly dead and what might have been a little garden on the east side next to the shed , was nothing more than a square patch of dirt overrun by weeds .
i cleaned - seemed to be doing a lot of that lately - swept off the giant front porch and even watered beverlee 's poor , dehydrated plants .
the porch rumbled and shook beneath me ; the dead plants hanging above swung back and forth .
her bright red sling - bag sits on the center of the table , pushed against the spider plant on display in its pot .
he pours his coffee into the flower pot of a nearby fake plant sitting on the floor .
it is a known fact that reindeers are herbivores who subsist on plant life and shun meat , so i hardly think they 'd be gunning for someone 's gramma .
after i fed grunt , i headed toward the glass screen door that opened to the rooftop garden outside grandpa 's apartment so i could water the plants .
in the east the earth rose and stepped up a long , low crust of hills to become high desert for days , days into weeks of red clay and barbed plants , where venomous beetles as large as shields burrowed down and lay in wait for months , years , for prey to pass within reach .
this is n't rural portland yet , but there are signs of the countryside creeping in : plants poking up through half- rotted porches , an owl hooting mournfully in the dark , a black scythe of bats cutting suddenly across the sky .
they lived peacefully for years in a beautiful garden full of tall , straight plants that grew in neat rows , and well- behaved animals to serve as pets .
i only spent a few hours there and i miss the wilds already - the wind through the trees that sounds just like the ocean , the incredible smells of blooming plants , the invisible scurrying things - all that life , pushing and extending in every direction , on and on and on ... ... no walls ... ... then alex is leading me to the sofa and shaking out a blanket over me , kissing me and wishing me good night .
but then we emerge into a large lobby , also dark , and outfitted with several fake potted plants and various signs that point the way to edward wu , esq .
raven heads right for the doors , pausing just long enough to scoop up a backpack she must have stashed earlier behind one of the plants .
the small clearing around the house , where last year we pitched our tents , is overgrown with high brown grasses and thorned plants .
they are like two plants that have grown around each other - they strangle and squeeze and support at the same time .
the large woman who 'd let us into the apartment then excused herself for a moment to go water tahlia 's plants .
luxurious furniture , large plants , shiny tiles and ... bigger than my entire apartment .
but he figured it was a kooky kind of happiness reserved for the same kinds of people who meditated and spoke to plants .
or maybe a carnivorous plant that ate gnats .
joanna did a lap of the place , marveling at how many types of barley there were to choose from , ogling the flowers in the extensive plant nursery tucked away in the corner of the store , perusing the pottery , handblown glass , and folk - art weather vanes that were displayed near the fruits and vegetables .
he stepped cautiously into the room , which i now noticed was overwhelmed with plants .
` ` it 's stasha 's ... the plants are good for her gift . ''
like the bedroom , there were plants all over the walls , the shelves , and the vines dangling from the ceiling were detailed with tiny pink flowers .
` ` the plants help her gift , '' he said defensively .
it was ... well , it was the freaky plant vines that dangled from the ceiling .
chapter 27 the plants .
how could i forget about the plants ?
` ` what is her deal with plants ? ''
` ` and do n't ruin my plants , '' she snapped .
ah , so that 's why she needed the plants .
an image of me destroying all her plants popped into my mind , but i shook it away .
` ` and stasha 's watering her plants . ''
` ` yeah well it 's never too early to catch a disease , '' she snapped , attempting to conceal her jealousy and hurt that he slept with anything with br**sts and yet treated her like an asexual house plant .
there was this weird abstract painting of a woman hanging over the door and brittle potted plants with no flowers dotted here and there .
you knew a labartu was nearby because plant life died , rivers and streams turned thick with mud and the rate of miscarriages went up .
he explained that green obsidian could be used to pull on anything with a natural hand in the earth - plants , trees etc .
` ` dad , i do n't go around peeing on the house plants . ''
` ` i do n't think that 's a good idea , '' her mama said , not taking her eyes off the rows of plants .
she was like one of those exotic plants that lure insects into their sticky sweet traps and then eat them .
i moved a plotted plant to a different stand .
we already had two hours ' worth of homework and the promise of a pop quiz on the poisonous plants of southeast asia ; all the teachers were acting like they either had no idea what was going on , or had sworn to take the secret to their graves ( which could have been true , actually ) .
i could tell you the average precipitation and identify a half dozen edible plants .
the man pushed himself out of his chair and crossed the room to a filing cabinet overrun with books and magazines and creeping plants that draped all the way to the dusty floor .
perfectly tended plants sprawled throughout the space , and kat felt the high that comes from too much oxygen and possibility .
herbs are healing plants and i love growing them to find ways to help people feel better .
` ` what 's a four - letter word for a soothing plant ? ''
ryan 's sitting between a piano and a potted plant with his head up against a wall .
we wanted to know if different kinds of water affect the growth of plants , and so far my rainwater was making our dandelions grow faster than his little duck river water .
every other space is filled by dusty plants and gigantic law texts .
` ` i made some spices using plants i found in the woods , '' eric replies .
she 'd brought in several more plants , and a panel of framed botanical prints hung in a row on the wall above her desk .
under the bed i found one aluminum bat , one baseball mitt , and one potted plant .
but you did n't find anything more interesting than a wilted marijuana plant . ''
and maybe that was the seed of it , but from that one little seed grew this tumor of a flowering plant .
a magnificent mantle covered her shoulders , made of every flower under the sun : lilies , roses , tulips , daffodils , and plants i did n't have a name for .
the long handle was wrapped in vines , and the carved head of the scepter continuously sprouted flowers , buds , and tiny plants .
the iron faery left a faint path of destruction in his wake ; branches curled away from him , plants withered and grass shriveled under his feet , leaving burned - out hoofprints on the trail .
we entered a small room with shelves and potted plants encircling the walls , and a sharp , almost medicinal tang filled the room , as if i had wandered into someone 's herb garden .
he was gazing at the plant with a small frown on his face .
between us , the campfire flared like it wanted to jump out of the pit , and the plants surrounding us went nuts , writhing and twisting and dancing like they were ecstatic to see him .
` ` the choice is yours , of course , '' he said as the fire died down and the plants around us stopped their crazy writhing .
` ` jeez , not even the plant life is friendly .
every so often , the summer faery would pause , brushing her fingers over a petal or fern , and the plant would immediately straighten , unfurling new and brighter leaves .
she took us down another path that turned into a rocky trail , winding its way through a serene landscape of flowers and plants .
i looked back and saw annwyl , one hand outstretched , the plants around her writhing angrily .
` ` also , if you see something weird , like a bunch of plants tied together in the tree or a line of salt across the windows , do n't touch it .
less plants and more iron , maybe .
after dropping kenzie off at her house - and the stomach - curling good - night kiss in the driveway - i returned home to find annwyl in the living room , hovering over my mom 's potted plants .
titania stared at us , while i forced myself to breathe normally , to give her the impression that i really was the coldhearted jackass who did n't care if she changed one of his friends into a plant .
i tensed , but titania made a casual gesture , and the ground before her surged forth with plants and vegetation , a virtual wall of vines and roots that swallowed the iron coils and dragged them down again .
it 's what he always did when he came back in the summer and found the plants ailing in his absence .
chapter nineteen while i wait for sam i walk through the house lifting inanimate objects up in the air without touching them : an apple from the kitchen counter , a fork in the sink , a small potted plant sitting beside the front window .
not just the people , but also the animals , and all plant life .
i have the ability to see in the dark , breathe underwater , to run at superspeeds ; to move things with my mind ; and the means to bring plants back from the brink of death .
is it possible that my ability to heal plants applies to people as well ?
my ability to heal and breathe new life into plants and animals and humans is an enormous responsibility .
this is no plant .
through it i can see scientists in white coats and masks moving around what look like large gardens brimming with tall green plants .
i am stunned to see the plants instantly grow several feet taller and their tips split open .
nine gleefully fires shot after shot while eight and i try to deal with the prickly plant , the only thing that stands between us and where six is being held .
the plants within my radius begin to wither , drooping under the flash freeze .
and maybe mulch and plants .
` ` well , i was hoping someone would know the quickest way to the grocery store and maybe a place that sold plants . ''
` ` i 'd like to find a store where i can buy groceries and plants . ''
before i could ask what sort of childhood did n't include at least the obligatory tomato plant , she 'd dashed off to her car and zoomed out of the parking lot .
it seemed pretty obvious considering i was covered with dirt and there were several plants scattered around me .
i shrugged and picked up a potted plant .
yanking the plant out of its container , i ripped roots right along with it .
i knew where to place plants that needed more sun and ones that thrived in the shadows .
there was a layered effect , taller and leafy , sturdier plants in the back and flowers in the front .
how i used to garden with him and we 'd spend saturday mornings during the spring searching for new plants and flowers .
it was too late to get the dead plants out of the flower bed .
after i finished a book or potted a plant , dad was still dead , my best friend was still an alien , and i was still attracted to daemon .
half - circle desk , fake plants , and cheap tile floors .
large , leafy potted plants had been brought in , surrounding the white - linen - covered tables sitting at the edge of the matted dance floor .
sick down to my bones , i stare into the thick tropical plant life .
the fake plants are dusty .
i feel uncharacteristically content , sifting through the plants , touching the earth with the tips of my fingers .
only its rotting gables make the structure at all recognizable , since the rest of it is cloaked by the tentacles of swamp plants .
another corner of the compound held gardens - from where he was standing thomas recognized corn , tomato plants , fruit trees .
he took a deep breath , loving the fresh whiff of dirt and growing plants .
but the trailing plant had yet to fall free , so thomas knew it was still attached up there somewhere .
the plant would only reach so far , so he had to prop alby up as much as he could to make it work .
the ropy plant dug into thomas 's flesh - his chest felt numb .
he shuffled his body to the right as far as the plant would let him , then let go and grabbed another one .
he gripped the plant just enough to slow him down as he slid to the ground , ignoring the horrible burn .
he looked to thomas more out of place than a carrot on a tomato plant .
if the sun 's really gone , wo n't be long before plants and animals drop dead , too .
` ` no sun for the plants , '' newt said , ` ` no supplies from the bloody box - yeah , i 'd say we 're shucked , all right . ''
clementine has proved most knowledgeable in what wild plants and mushrooms we can eat and those we can not .
chapter 30 j. fletcher , convict on a road gang somewhere in the god - awful usa miss jacky faber also somewhere in this god - awful usa but no doubt in a state higher than my current one jacky , we shuffle out of the pittsburgh prison at dawn , clad in our prison stripes , left legs shackled by the ankles to a long chain , after having been fed a ration of oatmeal , molasses , and weak coffee , made from some plant that grows wild here and is n't even remotely related to a coffee tree .
we then move on to a growth of cattails , and the girls take both the brown - capped stalks and the roots of the plant .
they say there are many strange plants there .
along either side of the riverbed , strange pale - skinned plants clung to the rock , with bulbous trunks and skinny branches festooned with dark green waxy leaves .
it 's filled with plants , really tall ones and hanging ones and succulents and cacti .
` ` he 's even got tim 's pot plant in with his own plants , giving it miracle - gro .
` ` he 's even got tim 's pot plant in with his own plants , giving it miracle - gro .
now the afternoon sun slants into the room , which smells earthy and warm with all the plants , quiet except for our breathing .
his room 's gently lit by the heat lamp in voldemort 's cage , a faint red glow that barely illuminates the other cages and nests , redolent with the earthy plant smell and the tang of the clean sawdust in the animal cages , scored by the soft whirring noise of the hamster wheel .
i lied to mrs . loy from the fourteenth floor when i assured her that i walked her dog three times a day and watered her plants while she went to atlantic city to win the money for her son 's sad operation ( or for her own elective plastic surgery- i ' m not sure ) .
i tell him where to find the house key under the potted plant and not to worry about my parents - they 'll probably tip him for getting caroline home and making me go out on a date with a live male .
despite the daily massages , dayna 's legs were thin - stalky and pale , like something that would grow on a plant .
we 're in the backyard , where my mom and dad are snapping picture after picture of me standing next to the house , next to a potted plant , next to my car , with brandon , and the fence and ... carlos opens the sliding glass door and steps onto the patio .
i glanced to the sliding door , where my grandfather stood with a watering can , dumping water on his plants out of the top instead of using the spout .
alison fell down this really deep well , and there were all these giant plants . ''
emily remembered ali helped her mom plant rows of them in their front yard every year .
emily fields hid among the tall tomato plants , tugging nervously on the strings of her rosewood long course swimming sweatshirt .
bates , on the other hand , had stained - glass windows , a brass knocker on the front door , and a bunch of long - dead hanging plants swinging from the porch ceiling .
big plants , bushes , and trees would surround the whole thing so the gazebo would feel tropical and serene .
surprisingly , the corridor was as nice as the lobby , with lush , potted plants , black - and - white photographs , and carpeting that did n't appear to be speckled with blood or tufts of hair torn straight from crazy people 's scalps .
now , she was crouching behind a large fake plant in the middle of the esplanade and peering through the binoculars at colleen and mike strolling into victoria 's secret .
after she hung up , hanna parted two of the leaves of the potted plant and gazed into victoria 's secret .
he invented some chemical process that , like , converts plants into renewable energy really cheaply .
a shadow slipped behind a large potted plant , but when emily turned to see who it was , no one was there .
` ` maybe it 's a plant .
ocean plants waved gently .
girls were texting and playing plants vs. zombies and a group of drama kids near the left exit were acting out a duel from macbeth , which the school had put on the month before .
a couple in their seventies named joseph and harriet maxwell had bought the unit next door two novembers ago , right when ian thomas was arraigned for courtney dilaurentis 's murder ; but the plant on their front stoop was withered , and there were a bunch of flyers wedged inside the storm door .
she was standing at the double - glass doors , next to a stone ashtray and a large potted primrose plant .
aria remembered noticing his bachelorish frozen dinners for one , his eight thousand books but one drinking glass , and his sad , dead spider plants .
large , man - eating plants surrounded them .
one plant snapped its jaws and grabbed ali 's leg .
23 the rosebushes have eyes friday at lunch , emily sat in the rosewood day greenhouse , where tall , leafy plants and a few species of butterflies flourished in the humidity .
the greenhouse plants were so tall and thick , they provided easy coverage for people to hide behind .
the only thing aria heard was the indian sitar music ella always listened to before work - she often left it on all day , maintaining that it was soothing for their cat , polo , and the plants .
` ` ali fell down this really deep well , and there were these giant plants . ''
courtney shuffled into the foyer and looked around , taking in the hutch of hummel figurines in the hall , the dusty , upright piano in the living room , and the cluster of hanging plants that mrs . fields had brought indoors for the winter .
my insides wither like a plant without water .
i soak in the sight of the muscles in his abdomen like i ' m a plant in the sahara desert , except it does n't quench my thirst .
there was not a cloud in the sky , and the sun was almost directly overhead , sending shafts of light streaming through the clear , blue - green water and lighting the multicolored coral and its attendant plants most beautifully .
do you know what wild plants you can eat ?
for that season , they needed hunters to watch over the plants and those who tended them .
but these creatures were eaters of meat ; they did not forage for food from forest plants .
but once the plants sprouted , the growers would return , and so the patrols would resume .
` ` remove plants that do n't belong , '' i guessed , ` ` and make sure birds are n't eating the green shoots . ''
i guessed those were the names of plants .
we grew our own plants for a while , just outside , on the lawn .
fragile green plants had been torn from the ground , and they lay dying , tiny roots exposed to the air .
only dead plants remained , so dry and brown that it hurt to look at them .
i could n't make out tracks , but the plants were trampled .
` ` they 'll spread stuff to drive away pests , discourage weeds , and nourish the plants . ''
in the fields all around us , plants grew tall and green , well tended by the growers whose safety was our most sacred charge .
out here , there were different signs to read , plants instead of dust and stone , but the fundamentals remained the same .
i joined her with a sad look ; she could tell something was wrong , but the head grower yelled at us to quit slacking , so i followed her lead with the plants .
when i first heard of this custom , it gave me nightmares because it seemed so similar to putting seeds in the ground ; and my sleeping mind conjured all kinds of horrific plants that might sprout from a corpse .
that roused a weary cheer from warriors who had been subsisting on plants and berries .
we could all plant gardens and fish in the river , learn to build boats and carve things out of wood and paint the clay tiles on our houses .
last summer , i had envied the planters who knew what to do with the earth , how to treat the plants , and make them strong .
they used an acid made from local plants to fight the chalklings that tried to gain a foothold in their lands , and they accepted refugees from the islands , but they themselves did not explore northward .
` ` a plant poison said to expand the consciousness . ''
unwanted thoughts were writhing around in my mind like flesh - eating plants gone crazy .
in between delicate colored drawings of patterns , planets , animals , and plants , there were gemstones set into the surface of the strange machine , so big and bright that you felt they must be imitations - like the interlinking beads that my little sister liked to play with .
no plants or parts of plants , and no living creatures of any kind , can be transported , since time travel would destroy or entirely dissolve their cell structure , as many experiments on algae , various seedlings , slipper animalcules , woodlice , and mice have shown ( again , see volume 4 , chapter 3 , ` ` experiments and empirical investigations , '' pp .
no plants or parts of plants , and no living creatures of any kind , can be transported , since time travel would destroy or entirely dissolve their cell structure , as many experiments on algae , various seedlings , slipper animalcules , woodlice , and mice have shown ( again , see volume 4 , chapter 3 , ` ` experiments and empirical investigations , '' pp .
soon the skies were gray with chemical pollution , and the plants and animals were sick from genetic modification , and diseases rooted themselves in our air , our meals , our blood and bones .
the weather , the plants , the animals , and our human survival are all inextricably linked .
broken asphalt , uneven pavement , dirt roads , nak*d trees , dying plants , a yellowed city abandoned to the elements drowning in dead leaves that crunch under our feet .
lief , with his weird post - traumatic bliss , was a constant reminder to nick that he , too , might someday just leave his will behind , and grow as passive as a plant , waiting for time to do whatever time does to afterlights .
he had made a hanging - plant holder that was probably still holding a big old spider plant in his living room .
he had made a hanging - plant holder that was probably still holding a big old spider plant in his living room .
the result was hardly a lanyard , or even a macrame plant holder .
beneath the crystal dome that once housed a vast variety of plant life , were children -- hundreds of them , all asleep and curled up in fetal positions .
since she was named after a flower , she named him after another plant .
mylar balloons , potted plants , and all sorts of bright decorations filled the many rooms of the ward , as if it were a perpetual party ... but nothing could mask the oppressive silence of the place .
when our people awakened it was to find themselves here , in the phade , in a new born land ; a sky , a moon , a sun , trees , plants , water , and all animals familiar to them awaiting them ; awaiting them to begin the new world in peace .
if not , death was inevitable ... unless one could find the rare leaves of the somna plant , the only cure to the sleeping disease .
a plant that was said to be extinct now .
` ` someone , command me to seek the somna plant , '' i urged , almost violently .
` ` rogan , i want you to seek the somna plant . ''
but as i saw the somna plant buried in the northern most point of phaedra , i knew why .
in reality , i will spend only a day or so at arrana and head into the mountains to retrieve the plant . ''
` ` how long will it take you to retrieve the plant ? ''
` ` so if you took off through phaedra with a couple of men you would retrieve the plant faster , is that right ? ''
not that you could really see the views past the exotic plants and citruses stena , the gardener , had populated the glasshouse with .
utter focus on retrieving the somna plant .
i had to stay focused on finding the plant and i could n't do that if i was worrying about wolfe .
` ` we 're going to pretend we 're taking a tour of alvernia and its people , but in reality we 're going to get that plant . ''
my magic was beginning to hum and vibrate through me the closer i drew to the somna plant .
it did n't deviate from the direction of my magic , only from the worn track that kept me from the thick of the woods and all the plants and twigs that would trip me .
a large plant rustled and i whirled around .
there was a horrible moment when we heard the woods crashing to our right ; the whips and rustles of trees and plants , the hard thud of a heavy foot in the soil .
i wo n't stop until i get that plant , even if i have to face a million mountain men to get it . ''
after that l began pointing out the different species of plant in the forest ; what each of them was called and what their properties were capable of .
fresh lilacs and orchids bloomed around the edge of the lake , interspersed with dewy plants and buttercups .
behind it grew a blue plant , the colour of the lake itself , vivid and alien , the sweet smell of molasses drifting up out of it .
` ` the somna plant ? ''
i frowned as i carefully pulled the plants out by the roots and wrapped them in cloth .
i asked , putting the plant into my pack just as carefully .
all i wanted now that i had the plant was to get back to silvera and haydyn as quickly as possible .
i pulled out the cloth the somna plant was wrapped in and put the plant back into the pack .
i pulled out the cloth the somna plant was wrapped in and put the plant back into the pack .
i had the plant , i was no longer alone , and i was heading back to silvera to save haydyn .
i just knew i had to get this plant .
i got the plant ! ''
i breathed a sigh of relief , not really able to comprehend that i had succeeded in retrieving the plant ; that i was off those forsaken mountains .
sniffling back silly tears , that were best not wasted on him , i drew on my travelling cloak and clutched the pack with the somna plant inside .
i 'd bet haydyn 's somna plant on that . ''
the pack with the somna plant .
but i retrieved the plant !
` ` she looks- '' ` ` you 're in time , lady rogan , '' raj reassured me , removing the blue plant from the pack .
we make our way through some depressing hallways with dusty fake plants in the corners , but we do n't see any staff members .
` ` may we have many more battles , '' i say , and then go collect bbb from the lap of agnes the plant talker .
agnes talks to any old plant and pretends it 's her son , who lives in california and never visits .
i yell across the common room , and then bbb and i walk the depressing hallways with the dusty fake plants in the corners .
i nod once , smile at dwl 's calling me sister amber for the first time , which makes me feel pretty cool , and then bbb and i walk into the old people 's home - through the depressing hallways with the dusty fake plants .
` ` i hope they fry that horrible man who killed your poor mother , '' agnes the plant talker says .
and then b thrice and i are walking through the depressing hallways with the dusty plants .
none of the plants are quite familiar , but none of them are completely unknown - just a little different , a twist on what i ' m used to .
there are dips and hollows waiting to wrench my ankles , and prickly plants snag my shirt , leaving little barbs to stick my arm later .
i glance over my shoulder to find him standing there smiling , his arms full of plants and long grasses .
i ' ve found burrows that tell me something will end up in my snares for sure , and the armful of unfamiliar plants and grasses that i foraged is bound to yield up something edible .
these are n't the standard plants i usually see come out of terraforming , but i ca n't see why the principle would n't be the same .
the corporations do n't mess with a formula that works ... but the plants here are only tangentially related to the ones i ' m used to .
i sort through my piles of plants .
i reach for the next plant to break open a broad leaf and check it against my arm .
the third plant is stinging a little , and i carefully pour water from the canteen over the spot , watching as the skin reddens - not too much , though , not too bad .
i settle for smiling at his stories , and spreading ointment from the first - aid kit on the rashes he 's getting from some of the plants .
some of the plants that tested okay should add some flavor , and we ' ve still got leftover chunks of the latest small , scampery thing .
it 's all i can do not to turn my face toward his , the way a plant grows toward the light .
this was not a friendly or pretty plant ; this was destruction and domination at its most obvious .
the backyard was now a battle zone where plants were either drowning or dying in ashes .
` ` i do n't know what this plant of yours is going to pick up , mordecai .
` ` and this plant ?
hence the plant . ''
and with that she concentrated on a plant pot ella had placed by the porch stairs and willed it to fly past them and smash against the nearest tree .
she took a little satisfaction in surprising caia , her jaw dropping as the ceramic lay in pieces , the plant pulp on the ground .
this poison is a rare strain of the plant known as artemisia .
pieces of a tree , a plant , these little things that could n't think , make choices , do anything of their free will , yet they would n't give in to the wind and rain and leave that damn window .
i regard with fascination how james tends to flowers and plants seemingly with great care and attention .
but it appears to be the only time he relaxes , the only time he 's at ease , when he 's outside with the plants .
forcing myself into reality , i sit up , swing my legs over the edge of the bed and , seeing straight out the window , i ' m surprised to see james sitting in the garden by the large barrel pot examining the plants in it .
he runs his gloveless fingers over the bushy green plants .
i begin looking through the plants , moving my fingers through the leaves , as james is , and our fingers bump together .
i can see a noticeable difference in the plant already ; it 's starting to look far healthier than it did a few minutes ago .
he was careful digging the little plants up .
he had mutilated all the plant life in his wake and broken several windows as well .
the wind blew the hanging spider plants and palm trees sideways .
there was a girl dressed up as a marijuana plant in the middle of the courtyard holding a sign that said honk 4 weed !
a lush green lawn surrounded them on either side , complete with saguaro cacti , flowering trumpet bushes , and creosote plants .
the smell of the desert plants , the dust .
the automatic sprinklers hissed on in the front yard , misting the plants .
laurel tried to meet emma 's gaze , but emma just studied the massive spider plant in the corner .
emma skirted around an enormous potted plant with spidery leaves to get to the next photo .
the mercers ' impeccable lawn stretched in waves of green before her , not a white wicker lawn chair or potted plant out of place .
a scraggly aloe plant cast long shadows across the tile .
i really wanted to keep all the flowers and plants native to arizona , but i may have to do a few bouquets of calla lilies if the florist ca n't get her act together . ''
i trip over mini hills and stray plants , wheeling my way into the darkness .
my eyes take in the glittering , curved drive , the lush , climbing plants , and the bellhops ' brass luggage carts .
the botanical gardens consists of several walking paths that wind around through a bunch of different kinds of trees and plants and cross over little streams and ponds .
at one end , you have the crystal bridge , which is n't just a bridge but a big cylindrical greenhouse for the more exotic plants .
they even have one of those big stinky plants that only bloom like every three years or something and smell like a rotting corpse .
she had about as much interest in the plants and flowers as she did in a mud puddle on the side of a street .
the thought of being stuck with him made her want to rip all the plants out by their roots and throw them into the snow .
wherever it came from , magic had countless variations : abilities to heal , to shape - shift , to summon flame or water or storm , to encourage the growth of crops and plants , to glimpse the future , and on and on .
the roof of the apothecary was an enclosed glass greenhouse , filled with flowers and potted plants and fruit trees that had been hung with little glittering lights .
when they 'd eaten the last crumb of chocolate - hazelnut cake and drunk the last of the sparkling wine , and when the servants had cleared everything away and bid their farewells , celaena found herself standing on the small balcony at the far edge of the roof , the summer plants buried under a blanket of snow .
he told her about the plants they passed .
his grimy skin sags like a plant that has wilted in the midday sun .
every breath was like hearing a new language - a process of recognizing soil and plant and animal scents , but also learning them as new .
it 's a hearty little plant , that i 'll give it .
everything 's familiar here : the california smells of exhaust and eucalyptus trees and carefully landscaped roses in the air , palm trees , the caltrain noise in the distance , the same old varieties of plants that i grew up with outside the windows .
cells , molecules , plants .
the second is to create a crossbred plant or animal that can survive here in the midwest and combines whatever traits are perceived to be lacking in the other . ''
i paid the admission fee and asked for directions to the north american plant life and was instructed to go up to the third floor .
who wanted to look at plants when there were dinosaur bones and wild animals or even bugs ?
` ` so we do some crossbred plant that would be a hardy food source and maybe something that would be a tradable commodity , like a sugary substance . ''
` ` so stevia and soybeans are both plants that grow well in the midwest .
he showed me a sketch in progress of two plants , one leafy and one with bean pods .
planted at night and by morning , the stalks of the plant reached the heavens .
the plant hybrid report generated by our theoretical study was completed by am ; she typed up our notes and i added a few sketches .
` ` enough so that when campus security gets the tip about the pot , the marijuana plants will seem like a nuisance charge . ''
they will find in your kitchen pantry a grow light and ten weed plants .
when i got to the one showing the fully grafted plants , i noticed a small detail that i had missed previously .
bo had penciled our names , ` ` annmarie '' and ` ` beauregard , '' into the stems of the plant .
am i the stevia plant and you 're the soybean ? ''
i peered closely at the plant , but i could n't tell where the root of one plant started and the other stopped - which , i realized , was the point .
i peered closely at the plant , but i could n't tell where the root of one plant started and the other stopped - which , i realized , was the point .
` ` endangered , vastly different biology than humans , and on top of it carnivores were n't created to last as long as plant eaters so the hearts give out quickly . ''
` ` i ' m not a potted plant , '' she tells him , and hurls her glass of flat root beer at the door as it closes behind him .
the woman waves back , then self - consciously adjusts the potted plants on her terrace .
i see nothing of the edible plants professor tilden had told us about back on the dolphin .
amy and i take chairs near the kids , and the butler , blount , comes in carrying a tray that bears glasses of sarsaparilla , the root beer made from the sassafras plant that grows abundantly wild around this region , and which i dearly love .
' i can hear plants and trees . '
for instance , if i come along and i is picking a lovely flower , if i is twisting the stem of the flower till it breaks , then the plant is screaming .
so is plants . '
even trees and plants . '
' i is also bringing in this sack a whole bungle of snozzcumber plants which i is giving , with your permission , to the royal gardener to put in the soil .
she buried it beside the pea plants .
` ` it looks to me like a sort of plant . ''
` ` what do you mean , plant ? ''
` ` it ca n't be a plant , sir harry .
the obvious implication of all this length , width and breadth business is that your plant 's drifted in from some other dimensional set , do you see ?
` ` it 's what i said it was - a plant , '' replied the large man , opening a door and peering into the room revealed .
` ` a special kind of plant .
combustion meant carbon dioxide thickening in the atmosphere many times faster than the green plants could turn it back to oxygen .
her other mother smiled brightly and the hair on her head drifted like plants under the sea .
she sagged as if she were a plant shut out from the sun .
and it smelled of mud and rotting plants .
pangaea was a prehistoric world full of dinosaurs and primitive plant life .
as his eyes adjusted to the glare , he spotted a few spiky bushes and a scattering of tall green plants that might be in the cactus family .
the sandy bowl just held a few of those tall , cactuslike plants and nothing else .
the cactus drew its roots out of the sand , and the entire plant crawled back from kady .
jake whipped his rock , aiming for the plant 's bulblike head .
one of the plants made a halfhearted swipe at her , but it did n't even come close .
either way , the plants were letting her go .
but rather than plant roots , a skinny shape leaped out of the sand .
he soaked in her every feature as if she were the sun and he was some starving plant : how her dark blond hair curled at her cheeks , how her blue eyes sparked when she smiled , how tiny sun freckles glowed through the tan of her skin .
as girls , she and thea had spent weekends helping their father mulch and prune , tending his tomato plants , his sage and mint and rosemary , his prized eskimo sunset maple with its pinky - green leaves that flipped over to a speckled jelly - bean lavender .
she was not used to such lush vegetation , to vines and creepers , or to so many trees crowded together , but supposed the wetness in the air explained why plants thrived here .
he could feel the surface of the water above , the ground below , the shorelines at either side , and the multitude of fish and plants around him .
trevor did n't see any plants or grass .
no living people , animals , insects , or plants .
on the sixth roof , he noticed a woman watering her plants .
the grinaldi plant , reap , and store .
` ` no plants .
thank me for almost getting eaten by a plant .
helped save me from those killer plants . ''
to either side of the path , plants grew in rich soil , occasionally divided by lesser paths and weathered wooden beams .
i ' ve devoted myself to working with my plants .
they avoided numerous carnivorous plants : huge , quivering mouths on nimble stalks ; squidlike , thorny tendrils that attacked from above ; bulging bulbs poised to emit poisonous spores ; and sticky mats ready to enfold the unwary .
at times the abundant plant and animal life distracted jason from the taxing terrain .
before visiting mianamon , jason might have labeled it a jungle , but the plant life was tame compared to the southern rain forest .
the absence of suffocating humidity and carnivorous plants was appreciated .
the images seemed totally random : animals , plants , buildings , symbols , articles of clothing , tools , faces , food , flags , and a variety of other objects were depicted .
lesser smells included wood smoke , wet stone , damp plants , and the beckoning allure of fresh blood .
the right plant extract or spider poison can fetch a princely sum . ''
` ` a mixture of tarantula poison and juice distilled from a certain carnivorous plant .
forget the venomous snakes , poisonous plants , deadly insects , and impenetrable foliage .
they followed the remnants of an ancient stone road that survived mostly as a jumbled mess overgrown with shrubs and creeping plants .
the plants exhibited comparable variety .
` ` what if i turn into a plant ? ''
he could feel plants and roots beneath his body .
none of the vegetated people wore clothes , but the plants kept them perfectly modest .
` ` like a plant ? ''
they ' ve only got a hint of boring stuff , like encouraging plants to grow or finding water or convincing rain to come .
she brought books from the gods knew where , herbs and plants and salts and powders , and every day , they researched and trained and pondered .
if a plant was n't good for poisoning or healing or keeping her alive if she were starving , she 'd never bothered to learn its name - especially not wildflowers .
stone - and not a sign of wood , save for plants and furniture ... ` ` no , i do n't , '' said celaena .
come spring , there will be fields to till and plant , so we might let in more - if people are still coming , that is . ''
or maybe in all kincaid 's reading up on plants and mushrooms , tinkering with decoctions and infusions , he 'd come up with something that could deal with this monster headache that just would n't quit .
with his mad eyes and golden hair , this is a white - skinned god , the divine link to the land of the dead ... '' ` ` which does n't prove anything other than people have been getting high for thousands of years , '' he muttered , eyeing the stack of books isaac had carted up : the ethnobotanical encyclopedia of psychoactive plants .
medicinal plants of the great lakes region .
hannah knows about plants , and i catch lots of fish . ''
the changed could eat other meat , plants ; their digestive systems have n't changed .
` ` then , one summer , it was really hot and dry and the plants were thirsty and she wanted to help .
you 'll go over the edge , because you 're crazy ; the doctors were right , kramer 's right , and this path is not there , it does n't exist , it isn't- screaming , emma plants both hands on icy marble , swings her legs , and then she is sailing for the mirror , following that ribbon of light , and crashing through in a hail of jagged black glass , and then she is falling , screaming , falling ... emma the opposite ends to a single sentence onto a road .
the walls between the plants were lined with books , and boxes of more books were piled haphazardly beside half - filled shelves , like sarah 's parents were still unpacking .
all those plants in our house ? ''
but all the plants were missing .
but that 's how i knew she 'd gone , because she would n't have left the plants in there to die without her to tend them .
it 's not like a ford plant . ''
i had been working , watering sierra 's ridiculous plants .
name 's ) clothing line , always contained more plants than clothing .
` ` i ' m keeping your plants alive . ''
` ` plants live on sunshine , gorgeous . ''
it 's like this : when a plant and the sun love each other very much - '' ` ` christina is on her way , '' sierra interrupted .
` ` is this a new plant ? ''
there was a trash bin , but it did n't smell - it was full of cardboard and dead plants .
there was sierra 's old beetle , but it did n't run - it was also full of cardboard and dead plants .
in between was a tiny yard full of plants that looked unrealistic to my foreign eyes .
he can keep the plants company . ''
i redesigned a sparse pile of mauve boat necks , and then i dusted the plants , and then i went into the back room .
` ` chop - chop , '' isabel suggested , her voice so cool that a nearby semitropical plant dropped dead .
the narrow streets snaked up the steep hills , crowded with mailboxes , yucca plants , orange trees , dusty pickup trucks , and bmws .
he gave me a glass of water , a clean dish towel with a bag of frozen edamame beans in it to hold to my head , and we wandered through his house , looking at his lack of furniture and material goods and plethora of bamboo mats and potted plants .
the walls of plants and the night eliminated any road or party noise .
even sierra 's plants gave themselves up , dried leaves curling first , and then the others wicking the fire hungrily .
they do n't tell you that when you run to your car , you 'll remember you threw your car keys into a potted plant in front of the building you just burned down and that you 'll have to return to the scene of the crime with as much discretion as a three - fourths grown man in a pair of very shiny leggings can manage before the personal effects can be found by someone who might rename them ` ` evidence . ''
everything looked gray and abandoned : rugs made colorless by dust , a dead potted plant , a mounted animal head rendered unidentifiable by age .
the destruction was so bizarre that it had to be intentional - books lying facedown in smears of water , pages ripped out ; dented cans of food rolled against the walls ; an empty wine bottle stuck upside down in a potted plant ; paint shredded off the walls .
` ` you know , because in feng shui , you arrange furniture and plants and stuff in thoughtful ways . ''
noah sat in the middle of the floor , papers all around him , a mint plant spilling dirt by his hand .
machines half - dissected , dead plants in dry pots , dusty bedspreads balled in corners , cats peering from inside sinks .
he leaned and she stretched and he accepted the business cards she 'd made and cut herself to convince old ladies in her neighborhood to pay her for putting in bedding plants .
noah mucked about in the trunk of the car ; she 'd put a few bags of mulch and some bedding plants in there , and some more in the backseat .
at one point , though , she glanced over in the failing light and caught him placing an entire plant into the hole and knocking dirt over all of it , blossoms included .
he looked to where his keys sat on the desk beside his mint plant .
12 the following morning , blue was perusing school summer reading when her aunt jimi brought a plate full of smoldering plant matter through her bedroom .
personally , blue had always thought there must be better ways to get on a plant 's good side than by setting it on fire .
inside , the small smells of the building - the rusty fixtures , the wormholed wood , his mint plants - had been overtaken by an unfamiliar odor .
certainly the other two chandeliers that hung in the corners , half light fixture , half potted plants , were dream things .
the car filled with impossible gadgets and stinging plants , singing stones and lacy bras .
next was mrs . gansey , peering out the window to verify that her driver was out front before saying , ` ` dick , i ' ve gotten you another mint plant to take back .
it was a plant .
as the boys were headed out the door , gansey holding his tiny mint plant and adam struggling beneath a five - gallon pot of rubber tree , helen came down dragging a tiny black wheeled suitcase .
the mint plant , placed on the dash , peered anxiously around gansey 's shoulder .
i ' ve photographed some of the abnormalities in plant growth these energy leakages have caused .
after all , she also taught penmanship to third graders , made wreaths for the society for ladies of perpetual health , walked dogs that belonged to inhabitants of henrietta 's poshest condo complex , and replaced bedding plants for the elderly ladies of their neighborhood .
his gaze passed over the candles , the potted plants , the incense burners , the elaborate dining room chandelier , the rustic table that dominated the room , the lace curtains , and finally landed on a framed photograph of steve martin .
adam smelled the mint plant on gansey 's desk , but he also smelled noah - that combination of his deodorant and soap and sweat .
it took him a moment to realize that gansey 's mint plant had been swept to the floor .
with a sigh , adam climbed to his feet , replacing the mint plant before going to open the door .
beside blue 's feet , a half - burned plant stalk rested on a plate dusted with ashes .
over the top of their flexible trunks , i 'd woven in brush with the roots still hanging , so the plants would stay green .
the stone manor was surrounded by acres of manicured plants and crushed gravel paths .
lavender plants cut into squares led the way to the front entry .
heavy white blossoms shaped like trumpets hung on the plants closest to us , and pale white lilies tipped their throats up toward the sky beyond them .
james was still staring at luke as if he were some sort of rare plant specimen .
` ` plants fascinate horticulturists .
granna , satisfied , went back to mercilessly mashing an innocent plant into a green paste .
` ` you do know , the most i ' ve really done is move plant life around . ''
it was a frilly website called ` ` the fairy patch , '' with lists of plants that would attract faeries to your garden .
the coast was lined with tropical plants and palm trees .
and soon enough , the jungle - like foliage gave way to fields of waving plants and flowers .
tick could n't see one plant , not one weed , or anything close to the color green or even brown .
the fifth will cease to exist - along with every man , woman , child , beast , insect , and plant living there .
and it just so happened that one of these giants lived near the forest , and he was very kind and spoke very softly and ate only plants and his name was cuthbert .
pointing into the ice , she said , ` ` see that potted plant on the desk in there ? ''
` ` i ' m like that plant . ''
it was like one of those fast - motion videos of plants blooming , except she seemed to be reeling the flowers up from their loamy bed by invisible strings .
the forest was a wonderland of voices if only you could hear them , but no one else could , even in her own clan , though plants had always been their lifeblood .
` ` you can speak with plants and things ?
most of the spells born of the knots relied upon confluences so unlikely they would never be discovered by accident , such as this one : playing a harpsichord while wearing emerald rings on every finger would make plants grow at twice their natural speed .
08:16:26:46 the sixth floor of st . mary 's hospital had a common room where the nonviolent patients could gather for a game of checkers or cards , with donated furniture and dusty potted plants in the corners , overstuffed sofas and lounge chairs and rockers .
she was hoping to see one of the neighbors out doing something - watering a plant , walking a dog - but it was very still .
on either side of them were sheer chasms of rock , dark slated stone , and no plant life whatsoever .
gabriel leaned against a fat banana plant , visually disturbed .
alejo slammed a fist into the trunk of the banana plant , swearing loudly .
alejo slowly slid down against the trunk of the sleek banana plant and buried his face into his arms .
all of the guys pulled on the t - shirts that they had left strewn across some scrubby plants near the truck , and then sat on dry boulders in silence , eating juicy mangos , letting their soaked shorts and legs dry a little in the sun .
spiky bushes laden with tiny red coffee beans lined the road , and behind them glossy banana plants sprouted , bundles of ripening violet bananas clustering from their stalks .
` ` excuse me , '' he told the girl briefly , then ripped open the door to the tent and ran outside into a nearby cluster of banana plants .
they pushed quite a ways into the forest , ducking under hanging tree fronds and circling giant banana plants .
she shrugged away from him and began to pick her way carefully through the tangled mass of plants .
` ` there 're all kinds of poky plants in that park across the street .
down in the valley , i ve seen plants that eat flesh .
even though the valley had so far been sparse with vegetation , i noticed that the ground around this ruin was completely devoid of plants .
a few dozen feet in there was a weather - stained concrete wall here , standing about twice my own height and ending on top with a flat roof which was thick with growing plants .
on the floor were long wooden troughs with healthy plants growing inside .
who had ever heard of growing plants indoors ?
we found suvan was still busy in the garden , intently removing weeds from the soil , and from the cistern , watering the plants .
they crawl up and down the walls like a wild , square - leafed plant pushing its shoots through rows of shelves , under tables , across my desk and , for the most special , standing upright on my dresser embraced between shakespeare bust bookends .
think of the way plants can just suck it up right from the sun .
we get our energy by eating the plants or the animals that eat the plants .
we get our energy by eating the plants or the animals that eat the plants .
i am briefly distracted by a two - tiered pool disappearing into a grove of lush plants .
i ponder all the little snacks scurrying up the trees and weaving through the plants .
beyond the car parks , in the distance , were the shopping halls : glass and marble palaces filled with moving stairways and lifts and cascades of plants and waterfalls .
the grasses and plants had changed hue within a few days of the river refilling .
i ve seen this place in the golf magazines and i do nt mind paying for pleasures like this , manny said excitedly , as they headed up the sidewalk , bordered with deep - green , luscious plants , topped with brilliant flowers standing three feet high .
he s a good guy , but how did you get a plant past , the betty ?
there were flower pots , with plants in full bloom .
close - ups of plants and fruit showed healthy vegetation and rich yields .
i could not detect any genetic degeneration or defects in either plants or animals .
freddie van nuys was sitting in his office fifty feet below the face of the earth and made sure that the plant of doubt was tended to .
it did not take long for tim farmer to forget about his newfound interest in helen spade for a while to join hunt in the exploration of the plants they were passing by .
mr . taylor , sir , if my readings are correct and there really are farm animals or cultured plants around that are similar to these wild plants we are going to find a genetic gold mine here .
mr . taylor , sir , if my readings are correct and there really are farm animals or cultured plants around that are similar to these wild plants we are going to find a genetic gold mine here .
the reason we took the trip is that we hoped to find healthy animals and plants here .
we should probably catalog the animal and plant species that they can provide and take it from there .
gravity does not make a difference between a raindrop that falls from the sky to water the plants on the ground and a man that falls from the sky which makes a big mess and almost kills him , she smiled at taylor with raised eyebrows , law of attraction works the same way .
all four of them seemed always busy performing some sort of procedure on life stock and plants , talking to farmers and ranchers and he did nt want to get in the way of their important business .
second things second , i then checked my flower bed , but fortunately no plants had been harmed in the arrival of this aircraft , it just had its nose wheel resting lightly against a curb stone , so i calmed down perhaps just a smidging , and stormed off into the security office , patrolpersons shack , guard room or whatever i felt like calling it at the time , and stood fuming outside the loo door .
they immediately fell in love with it ; both had farming backgrounds , and eagerly volunteered to help us plant seed potatoes .
on the other hand , like the honeybee engaged in food gathering is oblivious that its endeavors are also providing a vital service pollinating the plants it visits .
earthy terra - cotta tones dominated and colour was added with bright pots filled with decorative plants and miniature fruit trees .
we had only the plants around us to eat .
the smaller plants and shrubs changed too , adopting the same dazzling colour .
directly in front of them and curving around to their left was an expanse of pristine , undisturbed , white beach , bordered by many species of tropical plants , blooming with beautiful , colorful flowers .
it appeared that a few very enterprising plants had begun to colonize the rocky flow , but for the most part it looked like a very bumpy highway leading from the mountain all the way down to the ocean .
after a long pause , dad continued : i heard that bamboo is the fastest growing plant , and that you can actually see it grow , sometimes two or three feet in a day .
the robots head pierced the surface of the water just enough for them to see that the island was barren and windswept , nearly devoid of plant life .
as they raised their heads , water plants hung from their huge antlers .
the bull lowered his head and continued to feast on the lush water plants .
joseph bent over to tie his shoe , when he noticed some red fruit growing on some low - lying plants .
it is an incredibly beautiful world , full of colorfully vibrant biolumines - cent plants and creatures , including an octopus - like technologi - cally advanced sentient species on the brink of war with a fanatical anti - technology terrorist group .
i think i must ve been a good alchemist because i can remember and recognize herbs , plants , and stones but i ca nt remember a thing about how to put them together .
we watched the cannon ball shred a bunch of soybean plants , bounce off the plowed earth and skip back into the air .
you will learn about the plants , and their uses .
you will stay with me over the summer , learning the plants , how to gather them and prepare them for use .
outside , a cold , late spring rain fell , readying the earth for the plants to burst forth in bloom and growth .
you have spent last summer studying the plants and have learned the most important ones .
this is a vial containing the nectar of the heal - all plant .
the plant has no healing properties of its own , but is a necessary ingredient of all the important healing potions and teas .
the evening is always best spent among the plants and gathering dew .
he could feel the power of the seas , the darkness of its depths and the glories of the creatures and plants that lived in it .
the fresh cut plants exuded a pleasant fragrance that pleased her as she walked .
he hated the plants .
the plants and animals there served that purpose .
we help harvest grain , tend the animals , plant crops , and weave fabrics , but most of the work is too hard for a strong man , much less a woman and young children , the girl explained as she led them around the farm , pointing out where things needed to be done .
the plants and hedges had been placed with an eye for beauty and symmetry .
i was running away from them , falling and rising and jolting and creeping , and at last fell prostrate on the sandy open field , that had no plant on it .
langue was a global nations agronomist who had spent twenty years in fifth world africa improving sorghum harvests by altering both the genetics of the plant and the agricultural techniques and habits of those who grew it .
or , it could be that something in the habitat beyond the curtain , something hidden by the deep foliage from his eyes , such as too much or too little water , or the wrong kind of plant - life , could be responsible .
you went off on those poor plants saying how it always seemed to be the case that something or someone always came in to mess things up .
we forgot about the surrounding beauty that had taken our breath away moments earlier and , instead , started looking at millions of little yellow plants covering the field .
finally , dandelions are a very good source for vitamins a and c. the characteristic that amazed me when i began to learn about the plant , said sam , was that a dandelion can have a three foot tap root .
to further increase productive efficiency , the plant has given up sex .
ill bet millions of lawn owners in this country expend millions of hours and billions of dollars attempting to eradicate one of the most verifiably beneficial plants in existence in this country , said sam , simply because it does nt conform to societys notion of good lawn maintenance .
nothing existed now but expansive vistas of scrub bushes and cactus plants .
and her plant was finicky , i reminded myself .
fragments of alfreds comments from their meeting two months earlier slipped into her thoughts again : we can influence the color of a newborns skin , and to a large degree we believe we can determine that newborns iq and disposition we ve advanced the bioenergy harvesting technologies of yesterday from plants to humans ... victoria sat down , crossed her arms on the cool kitchen island , and laid her head down .
well watch each others backs and plant food and rebuild our little patch of the country .
beyond them was nothing but blackness , no plant or aquatic life visible .
the home was littered with statues , paintings and plants .
some gardeners used it on their plants to keep the ants and aphids away .
if the aquilonians would cut up some of the big estates of their barons , and plant wheat where now only deer are hunted , they would n't have to cross the border and take the land of the picts away from them . ''
flowering plants , with red and yellow blossoms , grew alongside the path and big sycamore trees shaded the riverbank and the edge of the water .
the zoologist had already shown chris how to care for the birds , making sure they had plenty of food and water , showing him how to spice up their regular seed diet with the various plant delicacies barney was having delivered weekly .
but she saw nothing outside -- within she saw a patch of greensward surrounded by a matted mass of gorgeous tropical plants and flowers , and , above , the waving foliage of mighty trees , and , over all , the blue of an equatorial sky .
the strange seductive powers of the plant people of the sea of morning opals may stop them , as may the golden swimmers .
i remembered the time he had pointed out this hidden , old lane - way to me , leading me along it , my small hand in his , as he pointed out all the different trees and plants and birds .
then , jack then we figured to do the same thing , but for a longer period , with both sets of plants and mice .
what of the dead plant ?
~ ~ chapter 11 ~ one less mystery ` ` where 'd the palms and plants come from ? ''
` ` the plants help , do n't you think ? ''
` ` the platforms are on their way to being firewood , the old controls are dismantled and disposed - of , the cables are in my ride and will be dumped , the old antennae are gone , the aluminum plate and plants can stay , and the dogs will go to a doggie hotel with perpetual maintenance until adoption .
` ` a plant you can make suds with . ''
absorbed in his own conjectures , he tended to treat his assistants like animate plants .
sure , i realized there was n't a hope for a computer in a place that did n't even have indoor plumbing , but i did n't expect to have to strip bark off of birch trees and write with ink made from plant roots .
i do n't know much about drugs , but some are made from wild plants .
if you had the plants you need , how long would it take you to mix your powders ?
nance said , lor must gather the plants .
the roots and leaves that the magician required were common plants .
he said he could put his hand on any plant from memory as well as sight .
i went to the kitchen , and to be honest , the mess was less saying ; unwashed dishes in the sink , plants almost dried and to not continue .
a big plant in the corner of the room was somehow like thrown there .
the nurse led us in a room with chairs and small tables , and in the corners were plants , like sick ones .
no plants not even dead ones .
the designs on the doors were of plants and animals , though they were strange to rica .
the smudges had a base of white feather plant and then an individual herb that was supposed to help enhance a persons natural affinity for the type of magic the crystals held .
zafira picked up the first smudge , white feather plant and fire tail .
this smudge was the white feather plant and dried kloda leafs .
lighting the third smudge of white feather plant and yellow plains sheath , the smell was sweet and mild .
this smudge had white feather plant and kahsha river moss .
bringing her mind back to focus on the task at hand zafira lit the fifth smudge , white feather plant and a root from a blue flower .
there were no animals or plants along the way .
there are nt any plants here .
the deserts on earth have plants .
they talked about the plants along the way and time did nt feel so oppressive .
nottia said turning to look out at the wind gently blowing the tall grass like plants making them bend and wave .
zafira taught rica how to use the curved knife to cut the plants and then tie them into clumps of no more than three or four to a bunch .
we have that new stock of feather plant smudges to put out .
they are vicious plants but other gardeners in the north seem to vouch for them .
the bushes were small gray green wiry plants with white leaves and bulbous pods on long wiry stems .
rica had seen venus flytraps on earth and did nt think any plant could be that dangerous .
these bushes were small and did nt look like they could do any real harm at all to a human , but zafira demonstrated with some dead bugs she had in a jar for the purpose of feeding the plants .
now every time she looked at these little plant carnivores she heard feed me seymour in her head !
in the last war between the mage factions the northern mages developed a form of these plants into trees that they planted along their boarders to keep unwanted people out .
they continued through the maze of plants to a side entrance to the main building .
you remember those little plants we put out around the garden ?
we use ours to catch pests that would other wise eat the plants in the garden .
green air touch love - relationships people with an affinity to the green crystal are attuned to plants to varying degrees .
healing green herbalism - is the art of identifying and collecting plants and other substances used for potion making .
flitters- light blue see through blooms that grow on flit trees - when mature they drop off onto mammals and rip them apart and slowly digest them , the nutrients are transferred to the parent plant via a cord that stays attached to tree .
the flitter can glide a bit as they fall from the plant .
it was scraped since the plants only flower in the moonlight and the blooms mature slowly .
somehow the trees spread and now inhabit what is now called the flitter forest in the northern reaches of the amonic continent fire tail red stemmed and leafed plant klond trees leafs are twelve inches long , usually used as ornamental trees in warm climates .
white feather plant is similar in smell to white sage .
this plant has feathery leafs .
fear not the cutting edge flow way : a wide level ribbon of low growing plants in various colors and types , which trebs float over .
she led them forward past a patch of the biggest plants she had ever seen .
there seemed something familiar about this plant , but zanas dismissed the feeling as she led them past and towards the sound of water .
the woman was standing in the middle of the crop of plants .
zanas sprang into action , picking up a jagged rock lying nearby , and hacking the thick stem of the plant until she severed its hold on the earth .
the woman and plant collapsed , and in death , the plant slowly wilted and released its hold .
the woman and plant collapsed , and in death , the plant slowly wilted and released its hold .
from the paralyzed response of its prey , zanas would guess that the plant released some kind of neurotoxin into its victims to keep them from escaping .
she remembered now where she had seen a plant like this before .
this seemed like some sort of mutation of that plant .
she noticed one of the plants behind him start to slowly descend its mouth , the sharp thorny teeth reaching forward .
as they turned back , they watched as the plants gave one last shudder , before returning to their immobile pose , forever reaching .
no one dared go near the flowers to get a closer look at their beauty ; they all remembered the plant that had tried to eat the woman earlier .
it was almost as though they felt that any slightest sound they made would bring the deadly foliage to life , but the plants remained in their still poses .
zanas learned how to look for the tiny clues as to when a plant might be poisonous , or even worse , carnivorous .
arrelia explained the seasonal changes of the beautiful and dangerous plants around them .
arrelia had been the one to explain to zanas that these plants gave off a low - level toxic pollen .
but now , she could follow the beginning of the glow from deep inside the plant and watch as it spread through the flower , a flame igniting .
when i approached it , i noticed that it 's bigger than usual and the plants in the glass enclosure looked thicker .
plants and trees grew everywhere , from potted ones on the balconies to fully grown deciduous trees within the courtyards and along the streets .
dangling tenuously to the trunk of a tree some feet past the other side of the stream was a small patch of some sort of climbing plant .
the plant had several blooms on it that in other circumstances i suppose would be considered pleasant .
miss miriam is eating like a christian again , and she had roses in her cheeks when she came in today from drawing plants .
drawing plants ?
even riki , who usually moved like a little silent spider , seemed to crash through the plants and vines .
beside the water , spiky plants grew in thick clumps , and the ground under neils feet felt mushy .
they had gardens that grew special plants during the short summers of the north .
these plants were dried and crushed and used to flavor many of the meats , stews and soups .
` ` will you be grabbing a clump of every plant we pass , dwylar ?
` ` there are only certain plants and roots i will gather .
it is on the winds and in the living things of the forest , the plants and the animals and all the things that surround them . ''
i am no wizard , but neither do i pick plant roots just to cook with .
he saw a short , squat plant with large leaves burrowed into the rocks .
almost every living plant died .
and his people were organized , fed , and cared for thanks to the tools , skills , and knowledge he passed on from his god about the plants that provided life from the earth .
potted plants and flowers of various hues dotted the room , but what i 'd taken for a conservatory was actually the infirmary .
he read a book on plants and learned which were edible and which would kill .
when they would find fruits and edible plants they would store what they could .
the tall trees , like yourself , absorb the suns light and the smaller plants beneath your canopy wither and die because the taller trees do nt share the light you so covet for survival .
you murder other plants for the chance to remain alive just as we humans do , but we have a choice unlike you .
only the raspberries berries could be picked because the other plants had only begun to flower .
each eye can produce a plant which could grow as many as eight or more potatoes .
you know them purty colored plants that smell good .
two buffalo removed a beautifully carved peace pipe from its ornately beaded pouch and packed its bowl with leaves from a tobacco plant .
of course , each individual has their own tweaks : from weather and simple healing to growing plants and building with stone .
he held up his arms as if to protect the plants behind him .
landon and hetarth used that time to hunt or collect edible plants from the woods , which was a daily task to keep food in the house .
this is going to reek of glovebloom for a week , no matter how i air it out , she thought with a frown out the window at the offending plant .
he gestured to the plants almost lovingly .
when the last of the simple webs were done , she began struggling through the more difficult ones , like growing plants with air , water , and earth , or reflecting light to hide her face with air , water , and fire .
second , they ate the same things day in , day out : whatever edible roots and plants were around plus the odd rabbit or squirrel that landon could hit with a slingshot .
she focused , looking for the bright halo of fire , but found only the dim sparkle of plant life .
it had been a straggly , ugly sort of plant .
elaina was less adept with plants , but even if she was not as strong at it as miranya , simple gardening was no obstacle .
the sea people had no use for land or plants , other than trees suitable for planks or masts that they could cut down .
he brought some plants back from the woods , muddled them together and applied them to the wound .
* * * having said that the life forms which occupied earth all those aeons ago were static , it is not true though that within those life forms which consisted of root feeding plants , trees and algae there was no free movement .
these little swimmers are cells without a cell wall and are present both in plants and animals , they exist mostly in pairs , and their dominant and dynamic characteristic is that they photosynthesize light they are conduits for energy , like transformers , turning ac into dc .
the cambrian period , the earth was by this time bustling with plant life and had moved on to embrace fungi .
the plasmoids three - dimensional form held to every shape of life and matter which had been present before its arrival , every tree , plant , mushroom and euglenoid was petrified in suspended animation , the rocks and the water too , a planetary torpor , nothing on earth could resist the expression of the plasmoids , and nothing on earth grew or moved any longer .
there must be trees and plants with flowers nearby , as many as possible so that they can keep busy .
these plants need water , look at them .
you might call it a presidential lifestyle and you d be right as he ambles on the first floor gallery watering his plants with his brass watering can of which there is one kept filled in every room as part of the duty bestowed on his servants , eccentric the president of germanys most powerful media corporation , right in the top quarter of the worlds most powerful .
jurgen was already humming to his plants a tune which had been hummed in the same way by his forefathers back through many generations , a hum that differed in tune from time to time but had always served to aid the avoidance of the advance of mutterings which challenged the integrity of his familys climb to the top , only now in the presence of his friend possibly his only friend , it was poignant because thomas had no subjective opposition to jurgen but took him to be a friend who he respected .
the clearing was a natural one , for in the middle of it was a great oak , the queen of the forest , she was by natures deed the oldest tree in the forest and demanded allot of root space making the area around it practically uninhabitable for other plants .
the balance and harmony of all inhabitants , including every insect , bird plant and human .
it was unlike anywhere on earth he had travelled to even when he found quite desolate places there were plants or bugs of some kind and evidence of elements .
richard led a small party around the atoll in search of fruit and found a yellow - fleshed oblong fruit suspended from a green cap growing on a low bush type plant .
sarge knew he was in the jungle since he recognized the jungle odor of rotting vegetation and decaying wood ; then there was the constant dripping of water , not only from the plants he brushed against but he could hear it falling from limb to limb from the canopy of the overhead trees .
beneath that sense was a boiling , sickly corruption , like the white fluid secreted from a dying plant .
the clearing was surrounded on all sides by plants as tall as buildings , plants that could only be trees , trees which he d only seen in memories of other men and never truly considered real .
the clearing was surrounded on all sides by plants as tall as buildings , plants that could only be trees , trees which he d only seen in memories of other men and never truly considered real .
so he reached out through the talisman , as far as he could , and felt nothing besides the strange static - like background that he was coming to recognize as the muted life of the trees and plants and the simplistic minds of the animals that lived in them .
he had nt gone more than a day without meat in his entire life , and the recent diet of cheese , edible plants , and water had left him sated but never full .
tomaz taught the prince a few more impromptu names of trees and plants , and though the prince tried to appear interested , tomaz soon realized he was nt , and so the lessons ended .
it was hanging outside of an herb shop amid various other dried plants and flowers .
the prince began to chuckle as well and then he was laughing full out with her , and so was tomaz , who had taken some of the plant and stuck it behind his ears , holding double handfuls to his nose and inhaling deeply .
without warning , a seemingly harmless plant snaps to life , aggressively latching onto his arm with its hungry mouth .
a shriek of pain echoes through the trees as the plant whips him back and forth through the air before launching him into a nearby tree trunk .
writhing in pain , he grabs at his arm , dripping with the nectar salivating from the plants carnivorous mouth .
the plant itself angrily snaps its toothless , blue jaws , straining to finish off its prey like a dog on a chain .
somewhere in the distance , past the aggressive plant life and over the buzzing insects , he d swear he hears music .
still , the carnivorous plants watch him pass with great interest , their sense of smell capable of tracking far better than most of their vision based competition .
a large tongue slaps against the drooling interior of the plants mouth knocking bits of small woodland creatures out from between its teeth .
the plants head warbles , like a snake being hypnotized by a flute .
tucking into a ball and rolling back to his feet , rift sprints past the plant , angrily snapping its jaws as its prey escapes .
circling the massive plant , he finds deep recessions in the trunk which resemble a face , the large arch entrance appearing to be a mouth frozen in a sad yawn .
rift notes that many of the plants seem hazardous to the touch as he approaches the large entrance .
plant life has ravaged the interior as well as the exterior , several trees even managing to sprout up through the large cracks in the floor .
mai shouts as the snarling plant lunges to rifts left .
a shallow pool of green water further ahead is littered with overgrown plant life , and at the center , a small island of rock holds a large wooden chest .
a shorter staircase to his left leads to a large room full of fallen pillars and overgrown plants .
the old , circular slabs of stone lie piled into a wall with a plethora of plants and trees making the obstruction impassable .
the hungry plant takes the bait , lunging forward and snapping at the open air .
with a vengeful back fist , the plants head is launched in a circular trajectory like a tetherball circling a pole .
the usually overflowing pools are a shadow of their former selves , though the glowing plant life beneath the water continues to feed on them and produce an oceanic ambience , projecting the lazy waves on the walls and ceiling .
ducking forward , he lops the plants head off with a single stroke before standing upright and deciding how he would prefer to murder the ghost hunter .
truly taken by surprise the second time around , the ninja beheads another sprout as two of the hungry plants burst from the single stem .
a massive plume of fire engulfs the summoned foliage , disintegrating the screeching plant instantly .
the steep slopes and rocky crags are void of plant life all the way up the hazardous trail .
recognizing a deku baba when he sees it , the plant remains inert , even shying away slightly as the demonic presence of the warlock demands respect from the feeble creature while he passes .
tropical plants added to the privacy of numerous darkened booths with recorded bird calls in the background for white noise .
not that you 'll be needing anything like that once you ' ve been at sea a couple o ' weeks you 'll have calluses on your hands like he has , and there 's no plants as 'll hurt your fingers then . ''
she realised she 'd forgotten to bring any food , and hoped she 'd find enough winter plants to provide some sustenance .
its hard to conceptualize the sheer proliferation of plant and animal life that exists in this tropical wonder .
he picked up a tarantula larger than a dinner plate and placed it on a low - growing liana vine , thinking the harmless insect had probably fallen off a bromeliad plant .
do you see this plant with the oval leaves and red fruit the size of plums ?
its a strychnos plant .
the plants resin has been used in hand - to - hand combat , by coating fingernails so a scratch on an opponent could prove to be fatal .
fortunately , insects wo nt go anywhere near the fruit of this plant , because they do nt like the way it smells .
without saying another word , phillip stormed into the jungle on the pretense of looking for strychnos plants .
the bush helped her gain some leverage , but no sooner had she tried to climb out of the muck than she uprooted the plant .
the force of the mudslide had uprooted plants and trees on its journey down the hill .
the entire area was completely covered with salvaje plants .
since it butts up to the slope , i say we use our machetes and remove the salvaje plants growing near the rise .
they cleared several dozen salvaje plants when chris yelled , over here .
did you remove the strychnos plants from the trench ?
my goal is for us to return through the tunnel where the salvaje plants are .
beth could see the garden filled with large green plants with pink flowers .
corporate logos were made from beautifully manicured plants .
beautiful fern plants were thriving in chinese pots .
the pink flowers for sale , still in plant pots , provided a beautiful contrast to the stark stone buildings .
she looked at the highest window with its window boxes and green plants .
david stared at the window , her man was a plant .
there was minimal vegetation in this harsh landscape ; only the hardiest of plants claiming their small patch of parched , sun - baked ground .
above her , the incredibly diverse animal and plant life evolved .
the strangely quiet plant world quickly shrank behind the odyssey .
it was roughly circular in shape , no more than a couple of hundred metres wide , and covered by various grasses , shrubs , and other smaller indigenous plants .
the lights also dispensed valuable nutrients vital for the survival of plant life .
as a farming community , the plants and vegetation were a lifeline to the village .
taking a seat on the cold step , i looked out at my beautiful garden , savouring the pretty plants , flowers , and floppy fruit tree .
the plants and trees were suppose to help cover the massive graves around the area but there are nt enough plants in the world to cover what they done , or how they did it .
the plants and trees were suppose to help cover the massive graves around the area but there are nt enough plants in the world to cover what they done , or how they did it .
it is a material made out of three inches of soft carbon nanofoam , which can be painted for habitation , or can act as a giant vegetable garden allowing plant growth on it .
a wall to grow plants on ?
the shuttle roof doors , the cargo inside the shuttlewhich could be the standard panels , food and water supplies , soil and plant supplies , passengers , or even one of the new spacecraft in hangar sevenis released into space , and the shuttle then descends back to earth .
each cube , apart from the first cube , which will be the ships agricultural command station , will be for some sort of plant growth to grow food and to return oxygen to the air .
suzi has studied plant life and , to date , has completed three dozen experiments in space , thanks to mr .
we will walk into the closed rooms and my team will show you the plants we will ship into space .
in each room there was very little area that did not support plant life ; just one narrow path led across each forty - foot cubical room to a closed door leading to the next spray section .
here you will see that every inch of floor , walls and ceiling is filled with several different types of plants , suzi explained to the long line of people on the narrow path .
on the floor we have a small area of wheat , sorghum , pepper plants with several varieties of peppers , and an area of asparagus .
the walls are covered with lattice , which hold up tomato plants , beans , and melons on the lower regions .
the minor magnetic field will keep covered soil containers in position and also means we can grow every inch around the six walls without the heavy weight plants gain growing on earth .
how will the plants look with so little gravity ?
they will all point toward the center path , where the sides and underneath areas of the square path will have extremely bright lights with all the light spectrums that allow plants to grow .
light , heat , water and nutrition are the necessary attributes for sustained plant growth .
the plants you see covering the walls and roof are three different types of hops .
even some of these plants have been in sterile space environments lighted by simulated sunlight for a couple of years ; they will be taken up in loads as they are , and replanted in our new home in space .
many of my tests aboard the international space station over the last several years have focused on what happens when plants are grown in a limited gravity environment .
all plant growth needs only minimum gravity and does nt lose nearly as much nutrition or strength in lower gravity situations , as does animal life .
here is our main fruit area , with one wall which will be grain crops , one wall of six different nuts , and a wall divided between three coffee trees and nine tea plants .
in this room we also have our bee hives , which will be placed in the different rooms now and again for what bees do best : pollinate plants and produce honey for our bread .
what you have nt seen is that we have over 300 types of vegetables , herbs , other plants and fruit in seed form or dormant , in storage units ; we will rotate crops , replacing wheat with a crop of green beans , which adds nitrogen to the soils , or hydroponic growing chambers or bags .
several of the smallest 40 - foot cylinders will be storage facilities for over 5,000 needed items , like salt , 1,000 pounds of freeze - dried cheddar cheese , 40 or so tons of frozen beef and again pork which i plan to take up if we have time , vitamins in liquid form , medical equipment and supplies , seeds , dormant plants , etc . , while one is planned to have 30,000 gallons of water .
another dozen will hold supplies for the space station ; six canisters are plants , soil and tests for suzi and mr . rose , and six are empty .
ivan had changed since suzi and mr . rose had set up camp , which included placing plants and vines under lamps ; the lamps were bright and often vin wanted to wear sunglasses while riding the bike .
experimenting with the various properties of the hemp plant , mercedes is the first to produce soap , milk , and cheese made of its seeds .
i am rather shocked that he thought it was bad , i know he has eaten his share of bugs and wild plants .
walker was pointing at some plants near the edge of the forest .
i would have walked right by the plants , even if i had noticed them i never would have made the connection to why there where here and what they had meant .
you do nt build a big cabin and plant flowers that need water without there being water around .
having only seen the inside of a funeral home in movies i think they must have done their research well for these films - soft colors , plastic plants , plenty of places to sit with a box of tissue on every flat surface .
it was surrounded by tropical plants , sand , and a makeshift camp site .
the sun rising past the crest of the horizon made the trees and plants sparkle and perk up as if they were greeting the sun , thankful for the new day .
the sun crested the horizon waiting to warm , dry and wake the trees and plants , the birds chirped and twittered , bunnies and squirrels ran about .
ricky was in no hurry and was taking his frustration out on the plants along the path with a stick when he happened to look up to see a dark blur disappear into the darkness of the bush .
he picked up a couple , yeah , i remember knocking all of the berries off these plants .
the little park was beautiful arranged , composed by so many plants , looking alike more with a botanic garden , and by tall trees which they were the one who was shading everything , hiding the plants from the heavy summer sun .
the little park was beautiful arranged , composed by so many plants , looking alike more with a botanic garden , and by tall trees which they were the one who was shading everything , hiding the plants from the heavy summer sun .
the population was nt animals , or humans , or mythical creatures , but plants ; most precisely , flowers .
a dwindling plant was squeezed between the two wooden closets full of folders .
yes the amara sea , its named after the goddess who created the flowers , plants , amara , after the legends .
her mother gave her as a gift a silver little chain , and lania with serena ( even though she was like a plant with no memory ) gave her an expensive perfume set and a lily of the valley flowers bouquet .
the twin was filled with light - colored wood and decorative plants and had a row of large windows facing mill street .
the first layer crunched at his weight and the dried - out plants scratched at his skin like an angry cat .
a soft , glowing blue washed over the back end of the vineyard , making its long , evenly spaced rows of plants stretching out toward the horizon seem blurred and unending .
shed also had the idea to hide flat beneath the vines , as they d be able to see anyone approaching between the plants long before she and john could ever be seen themselves .
its the only place down here with actual plants .
i heard there used to be tons of plants down here , you know , for the oxygen .
no plants down here anymore , though .
there was no strange biome depicted featuring some exotic animal or plant to catch your attention like the other windows , nor was an extrinsic climate portrayed , like a storm made of rain , snow , or sand .
anuket leaned down and munched on the plants .
small slats of wood adorned the walls horizontally , supporting small idols , various plant leaves and cloudy jars .
again , there is but one miracle , and that is the gods themselves who have created a world where creatures , plants , rocks , and air can grow and develop to work together and for each other .
you said you missed the plants , he answered .
for most of the trip , we battled nettles , blackberry vines , wild roses , and just about every other plant that had thorns .
he broke off a s - s - spine from the devils club plant , she said .
miniature plants , the result of another group of farming ants , glowed like carpets of living emeralds in small shafts of light that poured through tiny cracks .
the light shafts began to flow once again onto the green plants .
she liked to graze on plants .
or he watched the simple animal activity on the bricks and among the plants across the blue pool .
t the bottom of the fence grew a plant known as a rosemary bush .
the raw smell of the plant was so pungent even being near it got the odor on her skin .
hailey became more aware of the other flowers in the same plant and how each of them seemed to have a different bee working on it .
just then all the bees in the rosemary plant rose up into the air above the fence .
the patio was still covered with the old womans potted cactus and plants .
there were large granite rocks , clean sandy soil , and colorful desert plants .
the native california plants bearing purple and yellow and gold and red flowers turned themselves to face the moving sunlight throughout the day .
hailey told of her mother , miss julie , the swimming lessons , about her brother noah who she missed , about the old man who slept in the chair on the patio , about the old woman who watered the plants too often in the yard .
at most of the oasis stops she was assured some moisture was available to be licked from the plants .
from the protection of the trees he saw jude exposed to the open sky as he dug for plant bulbs on the dangerous hillside .
daniel was careful to stay under the cover of the few prickly plants which did flower that time of year .
only the hardiest of plants grew upon the rim where daniel sat .
hidden beneath the plant daniel looked over his domain , taking it in with an intelligence seldom found in mice .
she had seen daniel run up the embankment and knew which plant he hid beneath .
he had done a good job of hiding so the only clue of his presence was how the single cactus arm he leaned against did not vibrate the way the other arms on the same plant did in the afternoon breeze .
the danger of the hillside above them was evident because there was less cover the higher it went until at the top there were only a few plants silhouetted against the sky .
they passed along a wide brightly lit corridor furnished on both sides with beautiful and exotic plants .
when you press the white button you will become invisible ; press the blue button and you will immediately summon me ; if you press the pink button when faced with danger then you will be able to take on the form of any animal or plant and even a cloud or a stream and when you press the brown button you will become clothed in the dress of the time that you find yourself in should you need to take a personal part in events .
there was one button on their bracelets , which gave them the power to turn into any animal or plant .
but which plant or animal was there that would allow them to stand up to such a large force of fearsome cavalry .
and amongst all this beauty a special quiet corner for relaxation , quiet conversation and various drinks on offer at the tables and benches dotted in and around the winding creepers and leaves of the plants .
what was nt known was how they were treated with the womens secret compound of beeswax and plant extracts that made them waterproof while retaining a high degree of pliability .
it was a moment before sylah realized that those were the only tall plants in the entire valley .
she dropped to her knees , cutting at a plant , ignoring the damp earth staining her skirt .
it usually takes a season for a plant to accumulate properties .
while winter held the land dormant , she trimmed excess growth , keeping the plants to a manageable size and open to full sun and breeze for summer .
in the summer she scoured other chokecherries for the particular variety of boring beetles that her aunt said stimulated the plant to produce its poison in the bark and soft cambium .
bernhardt examined the trees and plant life .
she found plants of species and sizes that surprised her and concluded there were climatological changes in the area , as well .
most of the plants are surviving .
heavy winter clothing was nt included in the stores , and bernhardt indicated the plants showed signs of heavy snowfall in winter .
they would learn more about foraging for edible plants .
the understory of the forest changed from the usual low - altitude mixture of plants and bushes to a dense growth of mountain laurel .
worse still , it had a weak bladder and went to the toilet everywhere on the floor , on the lounge , over her parents books , into the pot plants ( they died ) and even on the beds .
as we chugged uphill , the bushes became smaller , then disappeared along with the other odd - looking plants .
auntie changs geese had escaped their coop and eaten the new corn plants .
wind rushed through the high , dried - out marsh plants in a mysterious rustle .
the wind was gusting up , sending ghostly rustles through the dead marsh plants .
the great buck lowered his head and nibbled a plant .
potted plants and two long , low couches ran along both concrete walls .
oh , and any stones or plants you think could help , bring them along .
the voice went silent , as jay heard the moving of plants and the crumbling of ground .
or someone who accidentally dropped a peculiar plant , that he had found , inside a bar of chocolate , hollie added .
oh , i have the gooble watch , cameron has the flying shoes but he thinks they do something else as well , lochlan has this drain band thing that , when touching a plant , can absorb the energy and use it to cure himself .
one minute they were running along a dusty tunnel , the next , they were running through a palace , with amazing plants hanging down from beautiful , wicker baskets .
surrounding them were more hanging baskets of weird animals and plants , all floating freehand .
the baskets of beautiful bugs and plants scurried into their holds for shelter , the petals masking their insides and retreating behind their elongated leaves .
columns dressed with sculptured of beasts and plants .
hecate moved into the hallway , added some elegant , moving plants and a venus flytrap .
did she put any moving plants up ?
its not just animals that are alive broudie , forgetting about plants ?
they followed him as far as the marketplace before losing him amongst some stalls , but they reported that the area of the market he was in is the one where they sell all sorts of herbs and plants .
they must come from a plant that s found only in the north .
desperate to get away , durham began to crawl toward the wall , now lost to view behind the plants growing in front of him .
it was somewhat overrun with weeds , and the flowers and plants needed tending , but it was beautiful .
lifting the mask as old woman peered out and said , what is it you ask for , my child , and she proceeded to dash about some smoke from a burning plant now present in her left hand .
from the description of the pavilion gardens shed figured it was just a greenhouse full of plants and a coffee shop perched on the edge of a park .
chickens , goats , pigs , and sheep had the run of the rear courtyard , though they still managed to keep them out of the front and its hundreds of ornamental plants .
the chumash and yokuts used pestibaba , a strong native tobacco , and toloche ( jimson weed ) , a highly toxic plant , for their religious ceremonies .
at the front , a guide chatted about the local plant and animal life , although the children paid little attention .
an amazing invention which somehow cooks meat without fire was three times cheaper than some leaves off a plant grown in manure .
as far as i can tell the past three presidents admitted smoking the stupid plant .
he will have returned the earth to the plants and creatures as it was in the beginning and now take his rightful place at the right hand of god .
apart from low - growing mosses and lichens , there were few plants and the bleak rocky landscape looked inimical to mankind .
they were running hoses from the public wells and fountains to their houses so they could water their plants , but some of these hoses had to be run over busy roads , and they burst .
around the fountain grew a well - tended garden with lots of flowering plants .
despite the danger from cannibals and other ferocious animals , pigafetta took long , solitary walks and became something of a naturalist , describing and drawing plants , trees and flowers not known in europe .
an area about the size of five football pitches had been cleared of all plant life , the rough land flattened to make room for the dozens of heavy marquees , small wooden buildings , the helipads , and even a large area covered with gravel where about twenty choppers sat , bunched so close their rotors almost touched .
the treasure they were after was nothing more than plant nectar blessed by magic , that s all .
it seemed to be a large plant trailing thick green tentacles .
they reached upwards in the water , floating , but somehow resisted the pull of the current because the plant did not bend with the direction of the flowing water .
the body of the plant , he noticed , was set into the mouth area of a gigantic face carved into the riverbed .
it was the same with that plant that you became entangled in .
the plant grew so abundantly that he lay in the stream to cool off and eat till full .
but he did nt know many medicinal plants in the area and had nt found any of the kind so far .
after a filling meal of edible flowers and the white heel of the base of a cattail plant , he went skinny dipping , just like he had done since arriving .
he went over and collected more fruit and edible plants to decide since most of the day had been spent he d refuel and rest off the effects for that seemed to be how things worked .
but not so much that he could nt move beneath a leafy plant that blocked much of the rain .
the house sat in the center of a fifteen acre plot of land , but instead of planted crops there were many artfully placed plants , flowers and many , many herbs that cage knew well to be for medicinal purposes .
all of them watched him curiously as he swiftly picked hundreds of the three to four inch plants .
he popped one plant in his mouth and felt a burst of liquid and a hint of sweetness .
how do you know such a plant is nt poisonous ?
besides i know quite a lot about plants since they make up the bulk of my diet .
meeka asked and received a few dozen of the soft plant life .
she gestured to an overflowing bowl of berries and edible plants .
less grass grew around the tribes current home , but many medicinal and edible plants had been cultivated here .
horses roamed free yet stayed away from the plants their owners farmed .
the remnants of the bonfire had been removed and was told the ashes were scattered among the plants the utala cultivated .
he went off to the fields and spent an hour pulling weeds from the edible and medicinal plants until most were gone .
but whenever he tried to ask about the kinds of plants he saw , or about the arabs life , abu tried to change the subject to the mission they were on .
it was the seed of a rare glowing plant growing in wet , marshy places , far away from choking dust and urban grime of sprawling cities .
dotted between lush grass tiny , colourful plants grew in friendly little groups , surrounded by a small , gleaming white fence barely reaching his knees .
and the plants inside the fence were suddenly not half as colourful as he first imagined .
traditionally folk used rare plants to ward off evil magic .
fresh plants growing on the lake bed had curled up and turned brown .
plants were uprooted , gigantic holes torn in roofs , strange symbols burnt into the ground and trees felled .
strange creatures darted along the riverbed , diving amongst walking plants that surged in front in awkward , crazy movements .
freaky , animal like plants lining the bank whirled apart , withering and dying instantly .
speeding across this weirdly beautiful land revealed plants growing upside down , hanging in the air and dry rivers spraying sparkling dust thousands of feet sideways into the brightening sky .
as they thought on the meaning of it all , big red plant spores appeared from nowhere , floating towards them angrily .
ah , so that s the secret plant !
in the far off underground world curious lawrence and lucy were drawn inside the weird plant body , where the world flashed red and silver .
from time to time ground grew transparent , showing wobbly white matter continuing right through the plants walls , diving deep into the earth , just like spongy wet suckers .
then when the plant drew them further in to make them part of him , they should let true memories flood out .
instantly lucy released them into the plants powerful stream , blew off down the long passage and snaked round a corner .
instantly it felt as if trees , air , plants - the whole countryside answered .
each plant was gently outlined with its natural colour heightened exponentially in contrast and with myriads of shades .
whilst the plants peculiar mist shone , portions constantly broke off , rising up and passing through branches .
all plant life constantly gave off this light , ethereal mist .
over the other side sat two large , light ochre rocks , smothered with coloured lichen and exotic flowering plants .
magnetic qualities in the rocks and odorous plants that had curious effects on the canine brain were some of the theories put forward to explain this behaviour .
whilst unnecessary , some felt better in the knowledge there was an inexhaustible supply of luscious wild berries , healing herbs and flowering plants .
thin wispy puffs of smoke drifted from the neat chimney pot and colourful plants dripped down the walls .
enormous number and variety of flowers and plants adorned the trails sides alongside the talkative brook .
others were hidden beneath sneaky plant roots or clumps of shimmering silver bracken .
lush green flowering vines sneaked their way leisurely up brilliant white walls , rose , ebony and ivory planks made up the roof , and chocolate plants stood proudly on each outside windowsill .
i navigated to the beach by moonlight , following a smooth sandy path thick with curious plants that thrived on such powdery manure .
before i left the gardener from his lordships manor was talking of a procedure called plant hybridization .
peace and freedom roamed wild and free and great spirits glided through planets empty valleys , gently caressing unborn souls of plants and trees , whispering them into existence , soothing , nurturing , speaking softly of wondrous beauties they could become .
this encompassed a whole host of phenomena namely : plants , animals , gaseous , water or fire based and spiritual and electrical life forms .
apart from a spectacular display of plants and a healthy wooden bench , there sat a small ornamental fountain which had run dry .
it could be a doll , picture , clothing or even some tiny plant sitting in a pot doing nothing but existing .
his blood carried the genetic information of virtually every land , plant , marine or edible element on earth .
if johnny were to stand still and not move , all things being equal , if a creature was unaware he was there and suddenly came across him their other senses , sight and sound , would be overridden by scent and he would appear as a plant , pig , or any other insignificant entity johnny and his ancestors had ever ingested .
i m sorry , i m sorry , its just things have been a little hectic lately and , well , i m freaking starving myself to death on these stupid plant leaves .
besides , if he voiced his displeasure of the nutritional plants he might be sleeping in the very bed they grew from .
it is the opinion of the experts that the flag was a plant , a symbol with an ignition device sewn inside set to go off after it was handed to one of our law - abiding sportsmen .
it comes from a plant after all .
mr . luis victor , principal of the la union regional agricultural school , testified that there were around 30 fruit - bearing mango trees , once coconut fruit - bearing trees and banana plants ( p. 139 , roa , vol .
all around her tall spiky plants stabbed at the sky .
instead it rose in pinnacles , reminiscent of a spiky plant or coral or something seen under a microscope .
the girl looked up from the pots of plants she was arranging .
framed artwork on creme - colored walls , immaculately manicured plants , and windows decorated with modern drapery intended to give patients a feeling of inviting and calm , but nothing could lessen the heavy hold on jinas insides .
and then they have the audacity to shame the vegetarians for being cruel to plants .
he kicked at walls and potted plants , and he smacked at the glass panes of doors , all the while screaming his throat to shreds .
a small army of gardeners busied themselves tending the plants .
the gravity and everything else is almost the same even the plants .
evidently , not all of the crude was from dead plants and animals ; seems the mantle of the earth is something of an oil - producer .
we seeded it with microbes , and then , plants they add new species as the conditions change .
the colors and hues of people , plants and things all took on slightly oscillating characteristics when i was halfway done .
with a deep breath claire inhaled the scent of plant life soaked in dew , smiling as it sparked memories of the new zealand bush .
they told him stories of lands far away , where strange customs mingled with exotic wildlife , colourful plant life ; pungent , spiced foods , fearsome locals , and incredible landscapes to create a tapestry of dreams far beyond the wildest imaginings of most englishmen .
we found gordons cottage , almost a replica of johns in bishops down funnily enough , except there were not so many apple trees here and the garden was a little more contemporary with some large ferns and sub - tropical plants adorning the front garden .
the station building itself followed the apparently standard design around here , except that there were some whitewashed stones arranged in a path to the door and there were a couple of bedraggled plants in pots , standing guard each side of the opening .
i saw my bones scattered around yucca plants , picked clean and bleached white .
some juniper trees , some yucca plants maybe .
although she knew the project was about education - about showing the world the importance of plants - she had nt appreciated just how big the place was , or that half of it was outside .
dotted among the plants were sculptures and displays , like a living museum , while all around there were people chattering and calling to each other .
there did nt seem to be that many signs or displays , although she decided that might have been because they would detract from the view of the plants .
i had once read these plants were a favorite in southern gardens because they grew virtually pest free and produced striking red - orange blooms lasting from spring through early fall .
there were ten books in total , plus an assortment of random items which madddy placed on the floor around her : a bicycle pump , an ornate bedside lamp , an old fashioned telephone , a brass huntsmans horn , a cuckoo clock , a dented copper kettle and a potted yucca plant .
madame voltaria glared at maddy from behind the yucca plant .
some are formed and come back again as men , others come back as plants and animals , and still others move on forever .
maybe it was the angle of the sun , maybe it was the strange plants that surrounded him .
they encountered many exotic and beautiful plants , birds and animals .
they were probably plant eaters by nature , andrew thought .
a long , grey stringy plant filled the back of the wagon .
the plants were about three inches in diameter , with small offshoots and stems sprouting out from the main stalks .
he told them everything that happened from that point on ; how he and katy were walking in arbori park , when they suddenly found themselves in the middle of the rainforest , surrounded by strange plants and creatures .
` ` many times green was approached by groups of men , and other beings , who wanted to buy contracts to fell some of the many valuable trees , or harvest various special plants of the forest , or to hunt down some of the unique animals that live inside .
to him , the rainforest belongs to no one but itself , the plants and creatures that it is made of .
beings with extra limbs and facial features , sentient plants .
they walked through a hallway that was decorated with many potted plants .
shy plants .
green knew that if blue took the earth , and its plants and stones as well , then the careful balance between the colors would be lost , and the light along with it .
` ` but why are the plants of earth green today , if they were originally made to be of all colors ? ''
` ` did green take the plants , as blue took the sky ? ''
as a reward for his courage , and his support of the cause of the light , lord green was given the greenery of earth ; its forests and its plants .
` ` i never knew why plants are green .
nearly all plants are mostly green . ''
there was a garden in the east , to the rear of the castle , filled with gorgeous plants and flowers .
this particular forest was chock full of extremely aggressive animals and poisonous plants , rendering it impassable .
in his custody are flaxen containers filled with the sap of a cecibill plant mixed with the venom of a garnuck in a special volatile concoction .
sambar south indian spicy soup , vegetarian or non - vegeterian ( fish sambar , egg plant sambar and so on ) .
he could barely see over the corn , and a mixture of the wind blowing through the tall plants and the ringing still in his ear , he could nt hear anything resembling a voice .
he noticed too the dead plants , bloated fish , and stained water .
flowering vines and corn plants brushed and scraped against the station wagon as spyder drove hard towards a small farmhouse a few hundred feet ahead .
he stepped up on the sagging porch which flanked the house on two sides and saw rows and rows of corn plants in the surrounding fields , with a single crow , cawing loudly for companionship , flying slowly across the green mass .
on the upthrust parts of these plants , a bird or two darted and competed with various hovering bugs for perches .
long before the europeans came to plant tobacco , the place on the mainland where the bridge to the island begins was where the tribes from the north would meet to trade with the nanticoke .
he said that these flowers were the most reliable , that they kept on being beautiful every spring without all the care the other plants required .
i grew to depend on those plants just like i depended on your father tending to their physical health and to my spiritual health .
it is a sugar plant .
the vegetation here was sparse , consisting of little more than a few mildewed ferns , scraggly plants and a thick layer of moss that coated the various rocks and boulders .
the plants , animals , wind , fire , and water alike ; all mine to command .
he decided that he would invest a considerable amount of time investigating the properties of plants .
he galloped through the path of broken trees , upturned plants and bloody leaves until he heard gurgled growls and human screams .
shock waves rumbled across the land , uprooting plants , sending dust swirling in the air , and causing the galloping mule to tumble to the ground .
then there was an unfamiliar flower and more trees and thorny plants .
tahir knew that oraden was not in the mood for conversation , so he quietly practiced identifying the plants the sprites just taught him .
he began by looking under shrubbery and behind large plants and flowers .
though he was rocked and sloshed about , anchored by the thick plants he was able to occasionally push his head to the surface and keep from being swept into deeper waters .
still clinging to the plants , rocking with the settling waves , meelix coughed and wiped his face .
only a scattering of plants clutched the parched ground .
slowly the grass , trees , plants , rocks and sticks , all of elysi floated forward .
gavin pointed out englands plants and animals , just as tahir had done for him in elysi not so long ago .
tahir was intrigued by the variety of plant life in this exotic landscape .
when he and meelix studied the plants , they were able to modify gnome dishes by substituting ingredients native to england .
fairies have told me that its possible to communicate to dryads through plants , any plants .
fairies have told me that its possible to communicate to dryads through plants , any plants .
okay , so we just talk to some plants ?
we stood there inspecting the plants until moham came and jolted us out of our reverie .
we started walking down again , and we could see many , many more clones of the plant .
trying to spot as many marijuana plants as i could , i fell into observing the tiny road - side shrubs that grew all around in the fertile , moisture - laden earth .
but more than the plant , i saw entire constellations of wild flowers , some as tiny as buttons , some as blue as turquoise stones , some as red and ripe as pomegranates and some yellow like the sun .
in the constant half - light , strange shrubs of brownish plants grow through crevices in the rocks .
maska laughed at his daughters earnest plea and not being able to refuse her anything , he set about helping the girls collect just the right plants to make their colors .
he showed them which plants were best , like the indigo plant that makes a medium blue color , leaves that are green , and berries that make a pink tint .
he showed them which plants were best , like the indigo plant that makes a medium blue color , leaves that are green , and berries that make a pink tint .
he could see the outline of each plant as bright white lines filled in only with solid black .
turning his head to the left , he observed a large plant in the distance with gigantic leaves .
and hurled a shadow orb at the giant plant .
the dark rocks razorsharp point sliced into the bottom of the plant , ripping it to shreds .
holding it inches from his face , he closely examined the plants thin white outline , the remainder solid black .
she was in a colorless area , in which all of the surrounding trees and plant life were solid black with bright white outlines .
getting quickly , yet quietly , to his feet , matthew hurried to the small table on which sat a potted plant .
the plant weighed more than he had expected , but the heavier the better , he thought .
just as the second man reached the end of the counter , matthew heaved the plant over the railing .
his knees buckled , and he crumpled to the floor amid a mess of plant , dirt , and broken earthenware .
one of the deputies was standing over the bounty hunter matthew had dropped the potted plant on .
theleos rushed through the undergrowth , he breathed heavily , sweated profusely , and bled from lashes of plant vines and insect bites .
though his mind raced , and the plants around him buzzed with an amalgamation of jungle life , he was certain it was the sound of a washing tide .
brad did n't see his mother watering her plants in front of the living room windows and he had no idea that she saw her precious spinning wheel pieces being scattered throughout the garden .
the snow , barely there , but still enough , let the trees and plants appear with a cover like in an immortal iceland .
all sort of stuff and plants were lying all over the floor and their flowerpots were broken .
he was in a sapphire ball between all that green plants .
the green colour of the plants had this typical hue of the first spring green .
there were chinese lanterns and many plants around , and people were dancing and singing .
you , other people , animals , plants , rivers , mountains ... everything has energy .
every rock , every lake , every sea , every piece of air and every living creature starting with plants and ending up with human beings possess energy .
randy and i met at a conference there and began one of those friendships that blossomed like plants on steroids .
i took the scene where the plant bloomed and moved from a haunted house i visited in goldfield , nevada .
they say mrs . wentworths spirit grew the plant to cheer up mr . wentworth .
she could nt keep a plant alive if her life depended on it .
the only thing was ... he talked to plants .
not all plants , just one : a small potted aloe he carried with him all the time .
with potted plant cradled in his arm , he circled the room like a critic touring a gallery .
hey , mr paul , plant wants to know what this one is .
his face showed countless scratches from the plants sharp spines .
me and plant went and saw my finance officer .
what d the plant say to the banker ?
what kind of plant is that anyway ?
hello to you too ; now what kind of plant is it ?
neither is plant .
frankly i think it was a plant .
are you negotiating with plant ?
i was nt talking to your stupid plant !
only the plant moved , its spines swaying in the breeze from the open window .
you talking to me or the plant ?
a qualifying match between page bonham and plant .
page bonham and plant versus j - man , the winner to face a mystery opponent in a first - round match of the main event .
you know , raas fetched the plant , a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind .
sizing up plants position , he took the liberty of jumping three of raas men ; then , with a parting crown me , checked out for parts unknown .
the only excitement came afterward when page took the plant and went to attack j with it .
blinded , metal man tripped over the bench , upsetting the plant .
still holding the plant , j hit him with a kneelift , knocking the metallic marauder upright , and causing its sword to connect with the overhead light fixture .
standing ... stark naked ... amid a pile of high - tech armor parts ... holding a potted aloe plant overhead ... trying to righten an overturned bench with one foot without drawing too much attention to his toes ... while a bug - eyed kid stared open - mouthed at his predicament .
and he was doing a full monty with a stupid plant over his head !
all concern about his toes evaporated as he dropped the spiny plant to waist level .
i told ya not to still clutching the potted plant in one hand , j took josies wrist in the other .
then gaped open mouthed as a naked fellow clutching a potted plant and a skinny girl dragging a metal gauntlet materialized on his transporter grid .
j crawled oververy carefullythen told her to toss him the plant .
lets just go , he grumbled , bending to retrieve the plant .
the plant , that is .
thanks , said j , donning them while she held the plant .
do nt fergit th plant , j reminded her , and jo amended the order to make it three .
josie glanced guiltily at the plant , i guess mr page ca nt face the fuchsia without it ; then sighed .
josie sweetened the plants tea and then used her straw to feed it .
j took his straw and fed the plant also .
the sheriff glanced upreally it looked more like donald sutherlandand this time she took off , dragging j and the plant with her .
with the most reluctant of sighs j set the plant on the toilet lid and stepped into the tub as jo turned on the water .
the sheriff moved the plant closer .
take care of th plant , he sighed .
talked about odor and taking care of the plant .
hey , he smiled , as the plants spiny spikes swayed a friendly greeting .
he spun , backed into the plants pointy leaves , ouch !
j , jo , and plant ducked behind a garbage can as a squad car shone its searchlight into the alley .
j hefted the plant and went to stand behind her .
well , jo began , we could i wuz talkin to th plant .
the gaunt - faced grappler sighed ; then , resigning himself to gods will , positioned the plant in front of him and with josie struck off down the road .
yelling , plant !
he touched a short plant , wanted a taste of alien plants texture .
he touched a short plant , wanted a taste of alien plants texture .
that plant instinctively , quickly dodge , others had invariably fell .
remember before riding in the spaceship , he had seen these plants .
yes , on the ground being bombarded almost all buildings , cultural creativity , the products of civilization , all kinds of plant and animal species , all leaving only one buried ashes .
there were traces of a variety of fruit , berries and shoots as well as other plant matter that she was still trying to identify .
down where his feet were , down where he could n't see , the plants had thin , strong vines .
they worked together efficiently , running a farm filled with livestock , fields of template plantsa plant that was a genetic base that could be easily manipulated to produce nearly anything you could imagineand groves of custom designed fruit trees .
she had an amazing array of exotic plants she had cultivated from template plant and a few life forms once rumored to be extinct .
she had an amazing array of exotic plants she had cultivated from template plant and a few life forms once rumored to be extinct .
esephris looked out across the fields of base plants swaying slightly in the gentle sea breeze to his right .
not to mention the glowflies that pollinate the base plants ; they are just relaxing to watch .
he could remember he was in the middle of hiding something in that dream , but just before he could , one of his fathers handsshemla , a little old woman , who had pulled template plants most of her lifehad woken him to remind him how late it was , and he needed to release the apprentice waiting in the green house .
he passed under the archway and into a large , terrace garden of exotic and custom built plants , flower , and treessome edible , some not .
around the garden was a wide assortment of different plants and trees , grown in a small garden that sat on different levels , one row slightly higher than the one below it .
to the left of the contraption , esephris finally noticed a man standing with his back to him , appearing to be studying a plant .
ka led esephris over to the plants he was studying .
do you know what this plant is ?
the plant was green with red - tipped , bell - shaped leaves and red flowers .
esephris recognized it and replied , its a pitcher plant .
it is interesting how the altitude and location can change the way the plant grows , is nt it ?
ka dipped his pen in one of the inkwells and continued a half - finished sketch of the plant in green ink .
esephris opened his notebook and began to study the plant .
this stream feeds the plants of this garden .
without it , these plants probably would not be as healthy as they are .
his notebook was full of notes and bad sketches of plants .
we just took notes and drew pictures of different plants , and he would just sort of ramble on .
its beautiful - walking steadily on , the ground became soft , thickly coated with leaves and springy plants .
from the corner of her eye , doc watched the fleshy leaves of a clinging plant close firmly , trapping its prey within .
that light , that plant thingy he nodded at a stout vine , which was creeping around a box in the centre of the floor .
side by side , they stood with his people in a large hall festooned with tropical plants and flowers .
you can water the plants there !
even potted plants and new curtains were placed in the sunny bay window .
as well as being a skilled artist , he knew the name of every plant and insect in the district and had an excellent knowledge of the geology of the district .
` ` next to nothing about new zealand plants and trees , '' fiona admitted .
` ` twelve years ago , dad was doing research on genetic engineering of plants , mainly crops and vegetables .
` ` that plant fellow is lots funnier . ''
alvin picked one of the red plants and bit it .
muttered one of them , giving out the yellow plants to him .
but he turned into a bright face quickly when he handed alvin a big purple plant with a yellow stripes .
jake was nt feeling good ; he swallowed the weird plant which tasha gave him and felt sick , vomiting all over .
this is a very useful plant .
because this seed grows into a plant , and will bear more seed abundantly , dawn said reverently .
but the rye grass i plant will stay here within sight of the cave .
oh , the digging is not for the seed , dawn explained ; it is to make space , not for the seed , but for the plant that will grow from it .
i am ripping up these grasses , digging up these plants , so when i plant my seed , the plant that comes up has a place to grow .
i am ripping up these grasses , digging up these plants , so when i plant my seed , the plant that comes up has a place to grow .
he gazed at the gently moving water , the sandy bottom clear , each pebble , each bottom plant magnified .
then to wash the sticky plant secretions from their hands they descended to the river .
they were caring for these plants like children and expecting to be rewarded as parents .
it was one of those summer nights , soft and full of mild smells of plants maturing and starting to yield their harvest .
creatures fed on plants grown in black muck and plenty of water and sunshine .
the grasses have seeds growing and the tomato plants have started to bear fruit , dawn said with pride in her voice .
the two women watched him hopefully as he took in the sight of the growing plants , and listened to their explanations .
it was nigh inconceivable ; they had caused plants to grow where they wanted them , not spread thinly over the whole of the plain .
he smiled and praised , plants will not run away .
you have brought these plants practically into the cave !
you know , since these plants are so close together , you could bring water here ...
i see the seedling grow into a plant , then bloom with the flower of its youth , ripen into fruit of its seeds , many fold .
he then took care of his morning business , realizing that plant leaves were not a good substitute .
grass and small plants sprouted through the myriad cracks which marred the floor .
it opened onto a courtyard with a magnificent four - tiered fountain amidst many beautiful flowering plants and bushes .
grabbing a couple large leaves from a nearby plant for makeshift plates , he divided the fish and handed miko his share .
of course the plethora of enemies he killed was in actuality small plants , trees and the occasional rock .
one room boasted a rather scraggly bush that had begun growing in one of the piles of leaves and other dead plant material beneath one of the windows .
a mr . phats requests leaves of the atalas plant .
its brewed locally from a plant grown on the edge of the swamp .
hanging next to the door from a tarnished copper chain was a dead plant in a cracked , black pot .
stepping closer to the dead plant , reneeke inspected the trio of stunted , shriveled stalks that draped lifelessly over the side .
i ve seen all kinds of dead plants in a variety of shapes and sizes .
he then gestured toward the plant with the stick .
reneeke returned his gaze to the plant and about that time , another of the stalks snapped upward .
it held traces of earth and plants , but there was much more to it than that .
they had often gone exploring , searching through the shrubs and trees , examining the flowers and plants which grew there unchecked , even wild in places where ira had allowed them to go their own way .
` ` it 's a toad , to be exact , '' corrected mo as the toad jumped powerfully from one plant to the next .
passing beneath an archway of tall trees that leaned toward him on either side , jack stepped into a long garden covered with flourishing plants and flowers in full bloom , making him feel as if he were emerging from autumn into glorious summer .
from the tiniest plants to the greatest of whales throughout the entire universe .
all living things have a soul , but plants are easier to draft .
you could have been able to summon daggers , see in the dark , grow plants rapidly , find fish blindfolded , smell with the acuity of a dog , enhanced strength or even use blood as a weapon , but then its revealed you re an elemental and not just any elemental at that .
they are plants , not animals .
ethan though quickly saw that the apartment was full of living plants , like a greenhouse .
he wondered how all the plants survived till he looked up and saw the ceiling was actually a skylight that was between two of the many canopy trees growing over them .
they are tricksters , can manipulate plants and are the greatest thieves .
i can fight the illusions somewhat , but , ethan , if it attacks with plants it ll be up to you .
worse yet is we ve not seen any altered plants that would protect it .
this kitsune could have rigged it with more deadly plants .
if we need to coordinate a simultaneous attack on three hundred and sixteen places , not including the one you tested , we will need to ask other houses for aid , especially the druids who can also manipulate plant life .
the kitsunes plants are useless against me if you have nt noticed and i do nt require saying words , writing or clapping to activate them .
fire against plant .
my plants merely were tasked to bind any who used spirit and demon energies from getting too close .
and its just my luck that a fire elemental passed easily through my most powerful barriers and plants .
wizard fire is not powerful enough to even singe my plants , but you are no wizard and i want no other to disturb us .
ethan watched tokala pull a seed from his pocket and saw it grow into a thick , sunflower - like plant that was over four feet wide and wreathed in bright yellow petals , but it was nt a sunflower .
but every cure i could treat with my power over plants did nt work .
these are plants from demon world .
tokala felt his central heart thundering in his breast while his lungs constricted , making it hard to breathe as he held the mirror cupped in both hands and lifted it to the sky while telling all the plants to shrink back into seeds and never grow again .
storm - shadow then tossed his mane and pranced around to say this scent a plant from demon world .
he left me the keys to his house to water his plants , he said as he pulled in the driveway .
no flowering plants were introduced to the garden except for morning glories which the colonel insisted upon .
still , tony was impressed with the progress of the other plants .
as he thought about the plants nose art and name .
he slipped the gloves on and dropped into the garden , the dull thud as he landed closely followed by the sound of plants being frantically torn from the ground .
running up and down perfectly straight lines of identical plants that filled the greenhouses , spreading out as far as they could .
i smiled when i bumped into james as he turned at the end of a row of plants ; running towards me with both arms wide , hands touching the parallel lines of leaves .
we walked as far as any of us could be bothered , between row after row of identical plants , each with a black plastic watering pipe that hung down like an umbilical tube from a bigger pipe on the roof .
he then walked away to pick up some sort of plant .
ted continued to rip apart the strange plant .
ted held up the strange reddish plant .
this here is what i call a passion plant .
dominating the center of the main taproom is an elder berrywood tree that uncle must have planted a couple decades ago in the basement , when it was illegal to own plants of elvin origin .
` ` i ' m told it must be of a species of the plant not yet documented . ''
some were covered with clotheslines and tv antennas , while others had palm trees in large planters with various tropical plants around them .
the terrace was plain with no plants or trees around , not even a clothesline , just a couple of old , dusty folding chairs and a small table .
the rooftops were covered with tv antennas , plants , clotheslines and narrow ventilation pipes .
they were planting small shrubs and vegetables and a few flowering plants that did nt need much sun to grow .
she thought of the plants she had eaten , knowing they would weaken her body .
nevermind the loss of the edible plants , which at least would make sense , it was the flowers that had sent mr . mitchum clean over the edge and straight to his neighbors where the two men commenced to dredge up every minute offense ever dealt them by the other man .
no one should put desert plants next to modern metallurgy or separate a four volume series over three shelves .
and there are so many plants , in number and variety , flowers and fruits all wondrous to behold .
tanya would , however , sit there for hours looking at the plants growing and blooming .
they had tried to take the boys with them , but yael imitated what he saw and with ruthless zeal and efficiency plucked weeds and plants alike out of the ground .
given space to expand , plenty of light and air , all the plants responded .
in fascination dawn wondered how the plant decided which fruit to ripen first .
she found that sometimes a tiny injury to a fruit would trigger ripening as the plant tried to ensure maturity of seed , before rot would set in .
dawn did not think so ; a plant might shrivel up , but could not grow backwards .
dawn did not recognise the plant but wanted it for her garden ; perhaps she could use the leaves to add to her mix of vegetables .
but this presented a few problems : the plant was still not near seeding and they would soon have to leave .
determined , she carefully dug up the whole plant leaving a generous ball of soil around the roots .
the letdown only made her all the more determined to take this plant back to her garden .
there were also smelling contests , as closed folds of aromatic plants and flowers were passed around and the contestants guessed their contents .
it dove deep to dig and eat the plants and shells that grew on the bottom .
he dove a long way to the bottom to rake up shell fish and mussels that he would eat shell and all , and chew on a few soggy water plants , briny , full of the smells of the deep .
climbing plants twisted their way around the marble columns with blind green fingers , prodding and probing any surface they came to .
that goes without saying because i live in the midwest and everyone who runs flower shops is white.white people are the ones who buy most of the stuff as well the good luck at the new job potted plants , the nosegays for prom , the potpourri for the downstairs powder room .
they re like the hvac system , the beverage cart , the potted plant in the corner of the room .
then the flock of vampires with wings will be sucking on plants or each other .
the present day archeologists dig and dig in the dirt without finding an apple seed of jericho because the weapon of mass destruction obliterated the men , women , and children , plants , and animals .
its a cannabis plant .
we dragged and drugged that dang tree over rough terrain and thick plant brush and then into the truck .
the rain lasted for about a couple of minutes which was enough to water several pots of plants .
she planted a small plant into the soil , and patted the soil flat to support the plant .
she planted a small plant into the soil , and patted the soil flat to support the plant .
on his way , the grass was greener , and the plants and the flowers on the lawns of the houses were more vibrant .
odd scruffy plants , weeds , but not a tree , not a rock outcrop was in sight anywhere .
a grouping of several yucca plants provided the cover he wanted , and also gave him a good view across the mesa in all directions .
among the resultant tumble of rocks a few desert plants had been able to escape the flames .
the outbuildings are kinda like a bunch of service buildings tucked into the hillside where the rest of the folks work to maintain the dogtrot plantation and the pretty lawn and flower grounds which include the hay barns , the horse stables , a blacksmith shop with equine rigging , harnesses , and equipment , the carriage houses , the plant and flower greenhouses , a brick house for both clay brick of the outbuildings and replace granite for the main house , a cabinet maker for wood furnishings , a dry cellar for flour , a medical center for sick folks , a smoke house for meats , a dairy barn , a corn crib , a wheat barn , a poultry coop for hens , an ice house , a dog kennel , a real firehouse since we live out in the real country , a real dead cemetery , and a mountain called loveless mountain .
we are a farm of 3,000 acres of crops that stretch as far as the eye could see in all geographical directions surrounded by with beautiful productive white cotton plants , a grove of orange which are sour by mouth but yummy in salads , an peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables in front of the dogtrot plantation since we farm every part of the soil to benefit the school and the students ... sterling studies the windows of eight foot tall by four feet wide wearing an array of gracefully falling different type of colors and textures drape curtain fabrics that puddles like a pool of colored water onto the wooden flooring .
the forest looks green and thick with tall trees , green leaves , small plant bushes and lots of wild flowers .
i changed the subject took your mind off getting eaten by something , he holds my hand as we rush through the low tree branches and tall plant roots .
that s enough for tonight , he walks around the tree limbs and plant roots as i follow .
the snapping turtles eat anything dead or alive that they can find like fish , frogs , crayfish , drowned animals and aquatic plants .
i swing around viewing the plants .
i study the plant before touching looking for juice before the berry .
the modern - day archeologists can not find proof of the ships , no tombs , no pottery , no basket - weaving techniques , no silk pajamas , no swapping of animals , plants , genes , germs , weapons or peoples .
this passage takes you down a tunnel into a hidden set of plant bushes then outside loveless mountain .
he stops in front of the bushes as sterling helps remove the real plants and the real passageway .
what you call the cover is only a greenhouse for weak plants .
no , seer , the coverlet is not a greenhouse for weak plants , the enemy needs it to help him govern people and not to let them get to the new level .
mostly plants and pollen , not dogs or cats ...
here in the tourist area , the place was like a plant metropolis , each species vying for space so desperately that its shape was formed by the action of survival .
fertilizer runoff has resulted in algae and strange plant life .
he had spent one entire day digging and planting and watering , had gone inside for an hour and come out to find that jake had not only dug them up all up but eaten every trace of every plant .
chase had been so furious he had tied the remains of a large plant around jakes neck and left him to wear it until it rotted .
it was festooned with tie - dyed tee shirts , hanging plants , beads and beautiful little glass and copper rooting pots .
the thing i like most about glacier , guys , it that it has almost all its original native plant and animal species that it had when early europeans explored i it hundreds of years ago .
i began to learn my way over the hills and into the mountains , began to learn what plants were called and where moose and mountain goats could be seen .
the path that led up the mountain was dry and rocky , but on either sides of the trail was a riot of plant life and towering firs that drew one along as if through an ancient trance .
i was out here on the porch , trying to hang a plant , and here comes this cute little black - haired girl , pony - tails swinging , coming over like she owned the place .
the youth had been up ahead of them , ranging back and forth across their path searching for edible plants and roots to supplement their food stores .
chaiko gladly accepted his portion , presented on a serving - skin as there were no suitable broadleaf plants around to serve food on .
as he talked tomakon sorted through a bunch of plants in his lap .
before nightfall tomakon stopped by and gave chaiko a handful of plants .
as darkness stole into the landscape and people settled down for the night , chaiko shredded the plant and soaked it in a wooden bowl .
you wo nt forget to water the plants ?
martha had prepared a detailed work order , specifying how many milliliters of purified water and organic supplements went into each plant each day .
it was puzzling that the london climate was mild enough for exotic plants .
the queue moved past one of the cleaning ladies taking a rest leaning against a stone container with some tropical plant .
tall evergreen plants .
neo had assured me that the motsetsi plants would take root quickly .
she made a feeble attempt to shake my hand , then changed her mind and began to nervously stroke one of the young motsetsi plants .
she let go of the poor motsetsi plant at last and nervously stroked her embroidered apron instead .
there was just a lot of red earth , grey sand , dusty plants and searing heat .
a collection of succulents shared her garden with prickly plants in all shapes and sizes .
` ` what are you going to do with all those plants when you leave gaborone ? ''
` ` oh , some friends are taking the pots and i 'll just leave the other plants in the garden .
there was a good deal of sand , red and white and yellow dotted with tough , thorny plants clinging to the sparse ground .
virtually all of andrew 's dianthus and busy - lizzy flowers had been obliterated in a vicious hailstorm and the smell of smashed - up plants still hung in the air .
a light breeze caressed the plants .
rocks , sand and thirsty plants .
the hill behind me was still there , it just looked greener somehow , covered in tropical plants instead of tough grass and agaves .
green plants and red soil , he jerks the cell from the bowtie , pressing the buttons .
i see lots of beautiful lush green plants and red bright soil in the pic on your new necktie cell .
what does your farm plant ?
the metal oil kills the plants and rodents .
the plant touches my pale skin .
i twirl then stand , moving towards the green low bush plants .
i view the historical antebellum house , lawn , flower gardens , and miles of white cotton plants .
we do nt use man - made chemicals on our natural crops for food or plants .
i feed , water , and treat them , like a set of house plants .
i was in the summer room tending to the plants , when i realised i had n't heard the girls for a while . ''
it is what has made us what we are and all the creatures and plants on the planet are derived from .
he had cut pieces of grape vine as he moved along the precisely spaced rows of plants and wove the material into his ghillie suit .
sensing pauls confusion , she continued , her voice drifting back eerily through the night , you are essentially one - being , she said , earth , rock , trees , plants , animals and humans are all aspects of the planets consciousness .
sure , animals had a consciousness , maybe he supposed trees and plants could have too but rocks and soil ?
it was as if , paul mused , he had entered a world without fear , or pain , or separation , a world where everything ; tree , rock , plant , animal and human , was imbued with a sense of connection and inner power .
the walls were decorated with replicas of classical artwork , and lush potted plants occupied each corner of the room .
hanging plants again decorated the corners of the room , and several walls contained glass - covered recesses that held various statuettes and small sculptures .
wooden sconces along the walls held small ivy plants , which looked like tame versions of their larger siblings that enshrouded the walls on the houses exterior .
i d better get back to my veggie garden before my plants wilt in the heat he patted molly on the head .
they eat insects and bugs off shrubs and plants .
only the plants .
it pulsated as if breathing , and although the plant appeared to be eyeless , kalin sensed they were being watched .
they strained to leap over plant life deliberately falling in front of them .
the plants are sentient , said marante in kalin 's mind .
every plant is alive , conscious of their surroundings , and able to communicate with each other .
over time , they adjusted to the pressure and , as all life does , they survived because according to the data , there is a vast area abundant in water and plant life not too far from here .
phosphorus crystals have allowed the plants to exist .
they are a special type of plant that thrives on exomones , a scent secreted into the air when humans are content .
all plant life , animal life , and human life , that was not underwater was affected .
all plant life died out instantaneously , along with ninety - five percent of animal life .
all the plants died , and all the animals too .
so any food you eat , once the plants come back and animals too , will have been birthed from our remains .
all plant life across the earth is dead .
they ca nt bring all the dead back ; they ca nt bring back all the plants and animals .
over the next minute he heard mention of the dried leaves and buds of the mexican camo plant more than once .
he had not grown the plant .
no offense , lickter lifted his hat to wipe his brow , but with everything going on in the borderlands , why the hell are the rangers fussing over a plant that never harmed no one ?
each sickle bar consisted of a set of lateral moving blades that cut the stalks of the plants , and each sickle bar was driven by a pair of cam shafts running perpendicular to them for the length of the harvester .
the burned fringes of his pants revealed his reddened cheeks as they hovered over the cooling metal seat , but the machine gobbled up the plants just as he had planned .
fate had revealed to him the terrible truth behind the camo plant and its dried marihuana leaves .
you make rope and fabric from the stalks of the plant , but we had to leave those behind .
its just a plant .
hell , whiskeys made from a plant too , and you can barely find a drop of the good stuff between here and austin .
when holding his ham - pole , cannon can undergo an instant photosynthesis to grow his body larger at will by absorbing solar energy like a plant .
one man was spraying a watery mist over the plants through a ring on his finger .
they allow us to regulate our own climate so that nearly all forms of life thrive : plants , animals , you name it , '' falcon explained , then pointed up into the sky and continued .
flarians provide the warmth , soarians provide the atmosphere , aquarians provide periodic rain and manage the water supply , and the naforians provide our plants , landscaping and dwellings .
when earth and water combined , all plant life came to root , covering the brown terrain in a sea of green allowing for the creation of the amphibious creatures .
just like the earth sprouts new plants that grow and spread their seeds , you are always ready to offer your great strength and wisdom to all who will listen .
kami usually attack people because they have the most , but this one probably is nt that strong yet , so its been consuming magick from the plant life , dante explained .
after navigating aisles of plants , i enter a smaller room within the greenhouse .
certain plants can live entirely off of the heat from an underwater lava vent .
he shows me edible plants , first aid , and other skills useful now .
the thorny plants were taller on both sides of the gate and there was no way to cross the gate .
we were all plant freaks back then .
the lobby is divided into a reception area , a sitting area and a dining room with dividers of plants , water fountains , that sort of thing .
sweat or rain water or both pooled between his palm and the splitterand plant crooned about the hammer of the gods driving ships forward .
damn near every plant was eradicated from the island , as were all the natives who once dwelledonce thrivedhere .
don and i started to grow a , crop of cannabis , then we decided to give most of the young plants to andy and jennifer .
its a plant that grows in only a few places , joff said .
a few leaves from the right plant slipped into the feed of the lairds prized horse would turn the magnificent yet docile gelding in a bucking , kicking monster when the laird tried to ride him .
not a plant or tree or animal in sight .
once unleashed , the rager uses the lightning - strong static inside to gather hundreds of pounds of materials to it - dirt and rocks and plants , whatever - like the world 's worst snowball as it rolls , growing larger and larger until it smashes into something . ''
though the plants here seem normal - sized .
meth , said another guy , spitting onto a potted plant .
walkways were interspersed with flower beds not yet populated with plants .
the plant growth here was of a gargantuan scale , not just trees but vines as thick as telephone poles .
with the exception of the bougainvillea , the plants required tons of water , and would wither and die almost immediately if someone stopped taking care of them .
palmetto bushes would creep forward , for this was a subtropical land and the plant life was unstoppable .
she smelled rotting plants and dank water underneath the canopy of scrub pines .
but some plants and seedlings were starting to grow again , and the forest and farmers were starting to reclaim what had been destroyed .
they did not like to traverse through mila forest , named after the goddess who guarded trees , plants , and natures secrets .
the humidity from the river , the sweat from living things , and the morning dew from the plants moisturized the air .
dead veins of plants grew around the gates for so long .
made efforts in breaking the plants loose from the gate to force it to open .
it was big and beautiful with old plants reaching up its walls .
he d told them countless amazing stories of his life there , where mostly only humans lived and used strange devices instead of magic , plants , and animals in their every - day lives .
she shook her head , attempting to erase thoughts of shadowy creatures lurking behind every plant , rock , and blade of grass .
most were decorated elaborately with real flowers that never seemed to wilt , in spite of the fact they were not attached to any living plant or soil .
they chatted non - stop about various plants , flowers , and birds that thrived next to the wyrna river .
oran gently applied garbin milk -- a special salve taken from the prickly vines of the garbin plant -- to a small cut on the chest of a red sorrel mare .
there are always fruits and edible plants and small game around .
in a row of lush , green plants , he bent to pull a clod of dirt from the end of the garden hoe in his hand .
a brick path wound through plants that showed evidence of obsessive trimming .
the quiet and the energy given by the plants are quite conducive to meditation .
bree explained the pipework overhead , how it drew water from the river outside and filtered it before finally sprinkling it onto the plants inside .
she had lived in luxury , bamboo floors , posh king - sized bed surrounded by once meticulously kept plants like orchids and bonsai trees .
a sense of peace stole over him as the energy from the plants and trees resonated with him .
it was light and cheery , the trees and plants reaching up broad and wide to grab every bit of it they could .
he had been staring at one particular plant for some time now , gently holding it between his fingers as he stroked it with his thick thumb .
tears slid down kenok 's cheeks as he stared at the plant stalk between his fingers .
it fell slack in its rough twine bindings , which was tied to a plant root that protruded into the shallow earthen cave .
chapter 18 practiced , gloved hands spread the fertilizer around the plant stems in the garden .
a tiny woman appeared before them , standing behind a radish plant .
after jane just nodded once with a confused look on her face , sara turned back to the dormant plant .
` ` if i do it too much to a plant , i 'll kill it .
with the clues of ' little ' and ' natural light ' , she was expecting a plant of some sort .
sighing as i flicked my gaze through the atrium , i saw a pot plant had been turned over , shards of pottery scattered over the floor and a poor fern lying in a sea of dirt .
mud , leaves , some of the shards from the oak tree , some of the dirt from the dishwasher , some food pellets for pot plants .
though academically i recognized the floorboards and the walls , the pot plants , and the various pictures , they all had a foreign , terrifying sense about them .
secondhand desks and office chairs were arranged so as to promote a team environment while well - placed rugs , potted plants , and worn sofas defined the separate spaces .
their colors were perfectly complemented by strange plants of deep blue .
he pointed it out to jake and the crouched to watch the fuse inch out , growing toward the candle like a plant to the sunlight .
not a putrid green but a soft green brought on by the plants and algae in the water .
rockfish loiter in and out of the kelp forest along the shore while the plants move , occasionally allowing shafts of moonlight to pierce deeper into the ocean .
she smiles , turning to the reddish - brown plant , running her fingertip along the flat , branching arms and rounded ends .
` ` plants sometimes grow over the holes , blocking out the sunlight . ''
neither wanting to reveal that serena often makes trips into the dry just to clear out plants .
eyes steadfast on the bushes , she feels the ground for the plant that has been blocking sunlight to the archives , grabbing it by its roots .
heading for a dense grove , she jumps into thick plant life .
pushing hard for the tree ahead , serena grits her teeth and squeezes the plant in her hands .
it is blurry from so high up and the dark soil blends in with the even darker shadows of plants .
the plant she still holds is crushed , caught between her hand and the branch when she climbed up .
gardeners are only required to come above seas to tend the plants a few nights during every moon cycle .
` ` what is the purpose of littering the great hall with dead plants ? ''
` ` you ca n't keep up your strength eating plants all day long . ''
` ` now i mostly eat as i swim , picking at raw plants .
serena asks , poking at a pile of deep - green plants .
in comparison to the drab colors of the plants in the dry , and of the healer 's cavern in general , hailey 's scales are a bright blue - green .
the area is only a few spans wide , surrounded by harsh , barbed plants and a dry , cracked ground .
the narrow winding gravel path was flanked on either side by towering hemp plants , and journeying down it was like wobbling down a toboggan run .
plants with beastlike limbs , animals looking like plants stalk empty deserts which bloom upon the blue moon .
plants with beastlike limbs , animals looking like plants stalk empty deserts which bloom upon the blue moon .
parvark yearned to fall to his knees and plant kisses all over the ground , but managed to limit himself to a cry of praise be america , land of free !
altea fell in love with a pale blue silk enlivened by pointy artichoke plants and highlighted with yellow threads .
altea kneeled and fingered a trampled valerian plant that was sending up some fresh shoots .
most of the plants had been torn out , but as he expected the stubborn comfrey had grown back splendidly .
most plants that he had bent with the cart during his passing had popped back up through the day , but someone with a good eye could still find the trail .
while the plant had some wondrous aphrodisiac effects , if too much was administered , it would mess up a human mind as it had apparently done to daniel .
she cleared the last pines and crossed the herb and vegetable garden , examined the plants already stretching up , the fruits , pods , and delicate leaves nearing maturity .
plants had been left untended , their stems sprawling across the ground when they should have been staked in place .
i already know the properties of the local plants .
the small green plant was growing against the base of an ancient oak well off the path .
she started ripping the bright - green spikes of the dellum plant from the base of the tree .
how do you know so much about all these plants ?
he continued walking and watched for the few edible berries or plants he might recognize as he walked .
he had not seen any plants that he knew were edible , but the serenity of the forest had given him a sense of calm that made everything seem more tolerable .
animals , plants , the weather were simply part of a divine order .
here , i got this from a plant up the trail .
its the plant you were chewing .
the garden appeared to have been ransacked and trampled plants were broken , uprooted , sprawling on the ground .
she seemed to know every plant , every animal , every tree , mushroom , root , leaf , and branch in the forest .
instead , she admired the blue of the sky , the green of the trees and other plant life around them .
nolan had loved tramping through those woods , climbing trees , studying plants , and capturing the occasional lizard or toad .
he did not know if that was because of scythes magic , or because the plants wanted nothing to do with the wizard .
nolan was a ranger , well - versed in the nature of every animal and plant that lived in this world .
one tentacle brushed a nearby flower , and the plant instantly withered and turned black .
everywhere the horror had touched , every plant that the green chunks had come in contact with , were now dead and black .
he touched his side , where nolan had fashioned a compress of leaves the untamed had pointed out as healing plants .
it had four arms that ended in claws , dull gray scales covering its entire body , and hair the color of stringy brown water plants .
it was not wearing not wearing any clothes but was covered by a mat of water plants .
they seemed to be on every single plant and flitted between the flowers and shrubs .
the back door opened to a tiny yard that was landscaped in sand and desert native plants .
his eyes glowed green and the plants outside the circle started to grow at a rapid rate and thrash and move .
` ` hurry up , '' nora said as the plants threatened them , but they would not cross the thin line of iron left in the dirt from the poker .
the plants erupted behind them .
the band scrambled out the door with the writhing mass of plants reaching to grab them .
they could see jack standing behind the angry plants with his eyes glowing bright green .
the plants were cut off from the fairy realm and fell limp against the ground and vanished .
` ` dave , the supernatural is real , maryann and isabella can do magic stuff , and we just fought off a scary bunch of fairy plants . ''
the tunnel started showing signs of plant life and was nearly completely covered with dark green moss and tiny pink flowers when they heard a faint , scurrying sound and they could see a large , black rat running along the wall in their direction .
some of the plants were squared off hedges , some were bushes covered with berries or flowers , and some were just flowers .
there seemed to be no pattern in the layout of the plants and it was so large they could n't see the end of the garden .
stay away from the plants , templeton said .
leah recognized one of the plants as an oleander bush , and isabella recognized a cluster of foxgloves .
they were certain , however , that some of the plants were completely alien .
templeton had no problem climbing up the uneven wall with the plants to cling to while the rabbit waited on the ground .
the plants changed to stunted pines and other evergreens with the odd rosemary bush .
there were more plants that they did n't recognize , although many seemed evergreen - like .
he liked their colorful petals , even if they were nt the most durable of plants .
as a struggling college junior , she had wandered into the public library one afternoon to get away from the hectic student life , turned a corner and bumped into an attractive man five years her senior pouring his attention into a stack of books on aquatic plants .
ideas for plants , she figured , just another excuse to ignore their son .
under less unfortunate circumstances , ian would have taken the time to carefully observe the plants , maybe take a few cuttings , learn the names of the native vegetation .
in fact , everything , every hue , every plant , even the sky , was washed out , as though being viewed through a screen .
they created the sun , and when they could see , they found their new land was empty of plants and animals .
so they created plants and animals ?
they could only enter this world with a guide , one who would share their plants and animals .
when the peoples new world had plants and animals , they were told by creator to pray for seven days .
as each day passed , the people and animals and plants began to fall asleep , until they reached the seventh day .
the clouds had already darkened , stars already faded , plants already wilting .
ian gripped cole with one hand and strong plants beneath the water to hold his body down with the other .
they grabbed for ian , bony hands grasping his legs as he fought to hold on to the plants with what life he had left .
many cozy gardens abound , once filled with flowering plants , bushes , and statuary with benches .
now the benches are crushed , the statuary shattered , and the plant life wilted and shredded .
the males keep a watchful eye on him as their females continue to feed on aquatic plants and schools of minnows darting near the surface .
the chamber is brightly lit and cheery with potted plants suspended from hooks sticking out from walls .
small tendrils , much like roots in a plant , are swollen and tiny sparks leap across them .
we quickly worked our ways to the top of most of our classes ( other than familiar class , since she hates us , me because i beat her in battle , and bakar because of guilty association ) we became known as the invincible pair , since we won nearly every battle and studied all night , we would use bloodbolt ( which i taught bakar ) on plants so we could stay up overnight to study spells , and see if we could make new ones , which we would share with each other .
the plants around her were shining and black but the shapes of the leaves looked like poison oak .
neon sea plants line the cliffs , waving in the water as if beckoning us down deeper .
raiden felt comfort in causing pain and turmoil to creatures , plants and people .
there s a place in the forest he has visited that has many of the plants he gets his herbs from .
chapter seven | talon along the northeastern coast of jennai and somewhere deep within in the forests two leagues above the poor village of nu pike , a young soldier named talon moved silently through the trees examining particular plants and trees .
he occasionally pulled certain plants up by their roots and placed them into various pouches attached to his belt .
he casually brushed it aside and continued his search for the plants he used to create herbal remedies for himself and the people of nu pike .
as he gathered plants , several were already beginning to wilt from the dropping temperatures .
it was a modest shelter , and being so close to the salty sands of the coast did not do much to encourage the plants in talons small garden to grow , but it was a place he could call his own .
cautiously , he eased it lose and rose to a half - standing position , one knee firmly on the stone and earth that covered the ridge , still hidden by the plants around him .
the sun shone through the trees , peeking through the branches , casting its warm beams on the frost - covered plant life .
leafy trees and plants lined the narrow dirt trail i walked , like some kind of red carpet entrance .
fortunately , they are still able to harvest plants and grains , but it will not be long until there is nothing left .
dishes spinning off the table , plants tipping over , scorched places on the floor or furniture .
the plant beds were weed - free and covered with shredded bark .
dad often let him help , showing him how to dig flower beds and fertilize plants , how to hammer nails , and even letting him paint things .
lush green plants thrived in the large bay window , and the scent of baking cookies wafted through the house .
doris had an amazing touch with plants and flowers .
another page was filled with finely drawn illustrations of unfamiliar plants and another , bizarre constellations and stellar maps , detailed and unknown .
his caravan had swollen now to ten camels , all piled high with riches ; rare books of astronomy , mathematics , medicine , lost inventions and philosophies , maps and instruments of navigation , collections of rare plants and precious gemstones and small devices he d made in the quiet hours , looking glasses of diverse virtues , little burning lamps and chiefly wonderful artificial songs .
christian turned to cardinal roelas your eminence , within these walls are clockworks and musical inventions and unfamiliar animals and plants which concur with old philosophies .
a garden was established , bright flower beds , an orchard and a wonderful herbarium , full of useful plants .
he had tripped over one of the many plants on the island and when he tried to steady himself on the rock his hand slipped right through it .
dianna was very accommodating , she held the plants back for him and pointed out every root , rock and dip in the landscape .
for instance , when i plant my garden i call upon the earth and sun to nourish and strengthen my plants .
have you ever noticed that my garden produces much more in quantity and bigger and healthier plants than other peoples gardens ?
then we held hands and summoned the elements to nourish and protect the plants .
we set up a drip system on a timer to water the plants while we were in italy .
while they covered the roots of the tiny plants , alex pumped her grandmother for more information about the gazebo .
we contemplate the great philosophical issues of the times , plant ideas to improve society , and have a longterm commitment to human existence .
she sat in the garden 's failing light , evening 's darkness creeping in from the forest and invading the tomato and pepper plants .
she had been a plant all along , a trojan horse .
what if we run into a bunch of green plants and were wearing our browns ?
as she spoke the tear entered the stone - hard dirt and a plant began to grow .
the plant grew to the height of her hip and a bloom appeared .
the area cutter chose to start his excavation was devoid of any plant life whatsoever .
they were experts in every form of plant , fruit , vegetable , grain , weed and seed .
if a plant were withering and in his presence it would continue for all time until he allowed it to die .
at first unrecognizable through the leaves , indistinguishable from the plants , one with the land ; invisible to those who knew not her inner being .
there were new plants there for him to use and test , including ones he d read about in several books .
after he had completed his meal and the tent was in place , elec set off in the morning sun looking for any and all unique plant life .
after his meal , he set up lanterns in his portable lab and went to work , shredding and distilling many of the plants .
shortly thereafter , the three of them stumbled upon the horses , who d found a garden still full of fresh plants and beanstalks upon which to graze , no doubt the work of the nearby elves .
the mother was the epitome of goodness , the mother of every living thing : animal , plant , and person alike .
` ` kemeny , '' draegon said , ` ` but if not for that plant , roark might not have ever found sonsedhor ... '' ` ` maybe not , but who 's to say it 's really the time for him ?
the piece of ground was nearly hidden from the view of the house , and in its centre was a summer - house , which at the usual season of the year was covered with all kinds of creeping plants of exquisite perfumes , and rare beauty .
i did nt bring them with me , but i thought it was unusual to see such plants in the garden .
for the plants , as ever , had more bravado than their animal counterparts ; it had been two hundred and twenty four years since the day time stopped in erturia and no bird song had echoed around its walls since .
her deft hands sought out berries and with delight she found some sourberry , one of the few plants to bear fruit this early in the year .
from here there was a view of a small garden situated at the buildings rear , including a decorative pond and selection of flowering plants .
it was an area that had been intended to feel inviting with white tiled floor , bright lights and single pot plant , but i personally found the room to serve only as a reminder i would die penniless .
before we get all caught up with the praise , lets spare a thought for that neglected plant we are all aware that cecil- why do nt you shut up so that we can all have some cake already ?
right , of course , brent stammered on , his flow broken , as i was saying , we never did have a funeral for that poor plant , but i can assure you i will never forget the- sit down !
it was the kind of place that attempted to blow your mind with the dazzling greenness of its pot plants , hoping in desperation you would not notice the floor was suspiciously absent half of its tiles .
framed prints , cleverly positioned lamps and even a few healthy pot plants ; it all had the feel of professionalism and thoughtful care .
i stood , left my new room and stepped out onto the balcony ; an area that now served as home to a few bushy pot plants .
they were mostly concerned with plant lore .
two common plants , nettle to provide nutrients and crab apples to renew energy , were easy to find .
the plant was once easy to find in the valley where my ancestors lay buried , she replied .
she has spent years seeking in her plant world the source of the power that brings forth new life each spring .
from goat willow and birch bark , she created with no more than a small knife baskets and boxes in which she stored the dried plants she collected for food , seasonings and medicines .
her greatest pleasure was to sit at her table and with quill and ink and draw the plants she collected .
trak would sit at the table opposite the goblin and watch the glass distort her face as she drew her plants and extracted their secrets .
she could take all morning to walk a league as she stopped to collect plants and check her snares .
they had made many walks in the past where she insisted he name and describe the uses for every plant they passed .
do ye recognize this plant ?
after years of studying the old goblins books on plant lore , he enjoys playing the teacher as well as the student .
it is filled with tropical plants .
she reserved her small supply of parchment for her plant drawings .
the plants are there , but the butterflies have all lived out their brief lives and died .
he gathers enough plants to fill a handcart .
it is a highly flammable mixture of niter , brimstone and plant distillates that quickly engulfs the raft in flames and ignites bags containing a mixture of sugar and niter .
when her grandmother discovers that myrels knowledge of plants is sorely lacking , she exclaims jokingly , what do they teach ye in that fancy temple school .
she does find an old book of ballads among her grandmothers library on plant lore .
to know plants is to know medicine , meg reminds myrel time and again .
by the end of the following summer myrel has mastered the basic medicinal plants .
dorla is repelled by the vivisections myrel finds so fascinating , but she enjoys plant lore and studies it voraciously .
she and myrel forage for plants .
she waxes poetically about the prescience of plants .
still , the cave seems barren without her grandmothers plants drying from the caves roof .
trak takes time to refresh his knowledge of plant lore and asks myrel to assist him in gathering medicinal species .
myrel and meg take an inventory of their supplies of medicinal plants and set about gathering fresh herbs .
it contained an alchemy lab for trak and a work area for myrel to study and store her medicinal plants .
he was familiar with the sent of blood , of rotted flesh , of rotted plant matter .
he yelped and rolled on the ground , taking dirt and plants in his mouth .
look at this , kava croaked , pointing out the black oily vines that were now part of the creature , this looks almost like a plant .
smells kind of like dead plant too , the minotaur agreed .
yes , there was a black oily looking plant on that , ritter stated , do you think they are related ?
while the kingdom of agon was a dominant force in the farming of plants , kurrot ruled the farming of most animals .
they moved through the desert on the landspeeder with no name , and saw that there were plants and birds and rocks and things .
one of the few plants that had survived the constant dark cold , colonizing the entire dead pine ridge of ennead mountains , a cluster of nine mountains separating the valley from the rest of the ill - fated world .
his friend uwee had known full well what the plant would do .
hadge sifted further up the mountain to a plateau of herbs , picking plants along the way .
at the same instance he d glanced at the waxy leaves of the plant before him , catching a glimpse of a faint glow emanating from behind , first red , then a blue , followed by a green .
even as he warily climbed atop the boulder , looking down upon the swaying plants , which could hide many creatures .
before his aching head sank to the hardened floor , he blankly stared at the plants he d grown .
suddenly he realized the plants gently leaning to follow his path .
the trodden plants left a great sorrowing divide , upset with personal effects belonging to the people they knew , umas glo rock necklace , feos homemade bow and arrows , clothes , and many more things .
he searched the harsh lands as he ran ; black snow had covered most everything , except the stalks of deadened plants .
he remained nervously aware of the field , knowing anything may be hiding among the dead plants .
end after end unraveled , as the gap in the creeping plant widened , until it at last exposed an adjoining dark cavern .
however he was ready for them this time , convinced the plants wo nt be able to stand the taste of him , given the fact that he s been marinated in poison blood .
immediately hadge knew this creature was not a plant , but a gorgon , and its gaze was capable of turning a man to stone .
then asked , do you remember your plants hadge ?
the memory felt happy and warm , all the plants growing in his room beneath the cemetary , but what did that have to do with the situation .
the angel inquired , how do you think those plants grew in all this cold darkness ?
although the part about growing plants with the sun was kind of unnatural .
muezzas miracle tower loomed no more than a few blocks away , like an enchanting vine , wistfully twisting upwards into the darkness , with wayward leaves clinging along the creeping plant - like structure .
hadge knotted painfully in the undergrowth of the trees , coddled within millions of tiny saplings much like small plants .
the plant came originally from far away to the east .
the church was decorated with all types of flower arrangements and plants .
she assumed that is where she acquired her love for plants and the outdoors .
macconnach looked again at the plants , knowing full well what he d seen .
as with that parasitic plant , anything that evil took hold of would begin to crumble and decay .
the hillside in which it lay was razed , terraced , and planted with the ubiquitous tea plants , camellia sinensis .
nothing could compel a plant to take root there ; everything died , or crept to another location , spontaneously rooting further up the stem .
tea plants were able to root from cuttings , so this was not viewed as particularly unusual .
he had long since begun hacking away at plants with the long , bent kukri .
there were no plantation workers anywhere to be seen here , but every tea leaf was a tiny jewel on each plant .
does it not strike you as odd that there are no tea pickers here , when these plants are budding , and ready for harvest and pruning ?
he looked down at the plants , and frowned .
i think that these plants are a little bit ahead of a normal growing schedule .
they all dismounted and began to look more carefully at the plants , macconnach thinking to observe signs of recent human activity upon them .
minute popping noises emanated everywhere as the plants , which had been laden with the little white blooms , suddenly were naught but green .
she crouched next to the plants , fingering the buds that were now tight , and covered with the thin green shell that protects delicate petals before they open .
as she spoke , she was aware of an abrupt shift in the air surrounding the plants .
just as quickly , they all faded , turning brown , and dropped off the plants .
this , he gestured at the tea plants , is perhaps more unusual and disturbing than those tales of glory .
he could see them stopped , looking at all the wretched plants around them .
i suppose i just thought i d been tricked by the light , but i am almost certain there were no plants .
the many thousands of tea plants burst into flame all around them , extinguishing just as instantly .
stop relying on the food councils to tell you what to buy and plant , or the doctors who tell you they know what s good for you .
the sky was a jigsaw puzzle of numerical codes , influential dates , and holograms of his most memorable statistical discoveries , such as lake baikals nutritional value , the success of a campaign to minimize leisure time , and thirteen ways of looking at grasshis favorite plant .
the stones were upturned around the plants base .
no flowers or plants .
dardan knew just enough to identify the poisonous plants from the edible ones , but gathering them was tedious work .
i liked the leaves to face a certain way , so that when you looked at the plant from any point in the apartment , you d be able to see the myriad of colors that made up its center .
someone , or something , probably the wind from the opened window , had disturbed the plant enough that it had been knocked crooked in its jar .
thin roots hung down from a plant on a ledge a good distance above us .
she ran through the obvious smells , the blood , dirt , clothing , and plant debris .
the lights from the house illuminated beautiful gardens , well maintained with numerous flowers and plants .
before long , he was busy watering and weeding plants while the two young woman sat together twenty yards away observing .
as he turned his head to look about , his eyes were filled with wonderment , taking in lush bodies of greenery , of glorious flowers and plants , which grew in such abundance as to astound the mind .
plants pruned to flawless perfection , as well as small gardens of lavishly groomed flowers , several fruit bearing trees , and lush hangs of grapes , stone vases and small pools of crystal clear water , all surrounded him in its quaint loveliness .
i grabbed the closest guy to me as he went for his radio and yanked him forward , pulling him off balance with the ease of uprooting a small plant .
she could nt give life to people , just to plants .
the maid tending to the plants was nt there , neither was anyone else .
' brother , ' he said , ' surely you have some knowledge of herbs and roots and plant extracts and the like ? '
the plant will grow , wherever you want and as quick as you want .
but as long as you take care of it , the plant will take care of you ... and what do you want in exchange ?
every morning zachery rushed out to check the progress of the plants and found that they had grown significantly during the night .
the ground was somewhat wetter than usual , but zachery assumed that was part of how the plants grew .
though it looked like corn , the plant was nothing like its normal kin .
and the plague of rats had arrived , ironically instead of feasting on the plants , they had been eaten themselves .
the plants would let him see now , because that was what he wanted , and because they were loyal to him ...
the plant appeared healthy , but never had she seen a type of corn like this .
were the other plants the same ?
danniella released the plant and made a careful survey of the surrounding ones .
she decided to take one more examination , and pulled down another plant .
inside the plant , where normally a bulbous ear of corn would grow , there was foetus .
an umbilical cord ran from its navel and attached to the stem of the plant , and its skin was slick with clear , reddish fluid that ran out onto her hands .
suddenly the thing squirmed uncomfortably , and danniella released the plant with a cry .
she wondered how many more plants held creatures waiting to be born , and decided to herself that even one was too many .
there were no stones or other weapons in sight , so danniella stamped on the plant with her foot and crushed it .
there was a sickening crunching sound , and blood spurted out of the plant like an open wound .
he examined an individual plant carefully : its stem and leaves were a healthy green , and its ear was a perfect yellow , with no trace of red to be seen .
zachery did not wish any of the plant to be consumed by him or his family .
no plants , no insects , definitely no animals .
` ` did you find any new plants while you were away ? ''
once inside he saw the book she had mentioned , ` ` a history of the plants of the aulus forest '' resting on his front room table .
green plants rested every few feet and comfortable plush lounges , much like the ones outside of the room , lined the walls .
for the chieftain , his eldest son could do no wrong - not even when , as a mischievous child of eight years old , he had added the oil of the itching plant to the healer 's muscle rub .
purple plants ?
but the illustrations were so wonderfully intricate you could get lost just trying to follow the patterns of elongated and intertwining animals and plants .
instead she thanked the sky for his help , and then went to the task of setting things up for the return to the sky ; namely , she started growing the underwater plants into trees and the forest as she thought to herself that the trees would be necessary for helping them to breathe on the surface , making air for the sky .
the forest belonged to her , and she walked through it , growing every plant that would cover this planet .
the swords are associated with the gods becausethe first thing you three should know about magic is that magic is performed using ten elements , monika said , which are bone , stone , earth , air , water , plant , fire , spirit , shadow and death .
on closer inspection , the dress looked as though it had been made from tightly woven plant - like fibers , and the blue dots were shaped like the giant bluebells she had given him to plant in his garden .
it had been lacey and strange , like it was woven from plants .
he even put on the faerie shirt that shed given him , the one that was woven of a strange white plant .
she was wearing her own bizarre dress again , made of flowers or plants or something else that came out of the wood .
they could speak with the animals , hear the whispers of the plant life , and on rare occasions , actually use the forest to aid them in battle .
not even a single plant sprouted from the ground .
he noticed trees and plants that he had never laid eyes upon before .
big thorn thickets popped up killing all the plants .
obviously , there are all manner of objects that populate the fourth world which have no apparent relation to the war beyond time : plants , stones , water , beasts and birds , and so on .
sandra asked , dusting her dress free of plant matter .
there , at the bottom of the pond where the plants were thickest , was the rusted anchor .
she rushed along , quick as the wind , her misty form curling around the stones and plants and creatures that inhabited her land .
its stuff in plants , desmond answered , momentarily baffled .
supposing , for the sake of argument , that i do exactly that , and do find magnesium in your blood , magnesium , furthermore , still bound in the porphyrin ring structure , reacting in you just the way it reacts in plants .
desmond touched the light switch and overhead fluorescents blinked on , illuminating benches and tables covered in plants , potting tools , hoses .
the room was full with small aquariums on tables , all filled with murky water and some kind of plants , the gurgling of the aerating pumps providing a creepy background noise .
moving closer , desmond and brian got a better look at one of the plants .
the plant rode on the surface of the water , its center formed by overlapping leaves , its roots hidden in the dark water .
he moved to another aquarium , touched another plant , which also unfolded , revealing a similar , but not identical , tiny skeleton .
brian set down the book , gazed at the plants .
all the carnivorous plants i ever heard of trap insects maybe the point of these experiments is to find out how these plants react to mammals .
all the carnivorous plants i ever heard of trap insects maybe the point of these experiments is to find out how these plants react to mammals .
desmond asked , staring at the plants .
but desmond was ripping the plant from its place , his hands bringing up from the water a swollen sac , dark red amid slithery roots .
vampire plants !
knowing about these plants would really help with that cognitive leap , would nt they ?
eleanor warner is a scientist , brian , but these plants are her true work , and she knew about them before she ever came to me .
then a light bloomed , dusky , febrile , as deeply red as venous blood , a light that resolved itself into a star , a smoldering sun shining upon a dark world of jagged black mountains , untracked forests , and bogs , endless bogs , bogs stretching away into the perpetual night , bogs filled with bloody plants , plants harvested by hundreds , nay , thousands , of black - haired , pale - skinned people , people who drank blood on an alien world .
then a light bloomed , dusky , febrile , as deeply red as venous blood , a light that resolved itself into a star , a smoldering sun shining upon a dark world of jagged black mountains , untracked forests , and bogs , endless bogs , bogs stretching away into the perpetual night , bogs filled with bloody plants , plants harvested by hundreds , nay , thousands , of black - haired , pale - skinned people , people who drank blood on an alien world .
the plant bursting blood through his hands .
were going cross this with single - cell bacteria , hemlock continued , bacteria that will feed upon the blood from our plants , bacteria that will convert iron into magnesium , generating power , bringing light and warmth to a previously dark world freeing us from our dangerous reliance on a single - crop economy , added amborella .
all the plants around us created a cool , shadowy haven .
leaves were torn from the plant , a whirlwind of green localised right around her .
most days , a cool breeze drifted in off the water and the sounds of traffic were muted by the plant life .
i circled the outer edge of the grove , keeping one eye on kermit while scanning the surrounding plant life .
the crowd was small , impatient , and called out for more song ; they paused in their reunion to sing a second one : this song was born in ruins overgrown by knotted pine that tangled up the memories and twisted up the rhymes ; those woods were borne of angry men whose eyes have long - since closed ; their ears will never hear again ; they ve been too - long exposed ; their skin has crawled from flesh and bone and fed the plants around ; their limbs will never stand alone , will never dance around ; the muscles that were once so trim are trimmer , now , indeed ; they fed the roots their nutrients and sated growing seed ; the trees are dank and strangely warped , as if in anguished pain ; the vines that drape like fetters worn , resemble tarnished chains ; the undergrowth is rich with rot , and fungus thrives therein ; their presence tells of things forgot and years that lie between but if you listen for the wind on days too still to break , you may perchance to hear the men if they should deem to speak ; you ll hear the cries of horrid death in these , their graven woods ; with every leaf , their passing breath is fully understood ; the trees reflect their mad repose ; the rot reflects their mind ; but who are they ?
now i could actually see over the plants on either side of the path rather than peering in vain through rows of tangled leaves .
my gaze flitted back and forth from plants to sky to the mountains in the distance , toa very broad pair of shoulders .
first , i heard the ugly , gurgling cries , which kept getting louder and louder until five or six tiny monsters burst out of the plants on either side of the path , charging straight for us .
i felt victory was certaintill i heard more babbling cries , and yet another host of drocnords burst from the swaying plants .
no other plants exist like the daisies , appearing out of nowhere , blanketing yards as far as the eye can see , and then dying suddenly when the temperature hits the horrible summertime heat .
animals and plants scattered sparsely on the hard , wet dirt , and the moon occasionally faded .
the beans are picked from plants , then roasted .
i was nt necessarily looking at the trees , plants and animals as i had before , but more to what was between the trees .
the ceiling was lined with all different types of plants and flowers hanging from strings .
then i d be happy to show you some plants you can use to help injuries heal and some plants and berries that are safe to eat .
then i d be happy to show you some plants you can use to help injuries heal and some plants and berries that are safe to eat .
now , i can show you some plants that can help with the pain from all those hits you took , she added with a smile .
a ways down this trail is an area where the yuca plant grows .
the plant that it grows on can get pretty tall , and wide .
sunlight filtered in from the roof and plants grew on the ledges of the high rock walls .
as she neared the border of the puerile expanse , saraid rode into a dense tree line ; the talking plants warned of her going any further .
she stood in a clearing free of the huge oaks , as well as the tropical underbrush of elephant plants and giant ferns .
all cora saw were dormant plants , sunshine , and mac 's big dog standing in the middle of the lawn , growling at .
they stay clear of this land , fergal , for nearly every plant is poisonous in one fashion or another .
although not of his making , the bridge appealed to him ; it resembled an underground burrow , complete with bugs and exposed plant roots .
in the elaborate room designed like a roman villa , there were hanging plants near a fountain in the corner that sent cool water traveling through a trough in the tiled floor .
some plants make you insane if you are insane , others give you sight if you have sight .
a place where trees and plants only grew in castle gardens , and the forests were all buried beneath layers of ruined cities .
like the swamp , but without the sickly - sweet stench of rotting plants .
' do not tamper with this plant .
' it does n't work for plants and inanimate objects ' , cylas said .
he watched as i watered the plants with a smile on my face as i eagerly awaited the cobs to ripen .
' what happens to your plant then ? '
' do n't tell me it 's because of your plant . '
m - might as well ask him to file his teeth down and to start eating plants while you re at it .
i mean , a place with plants and animals .
a small place , perhaps two hundred yards across , it contained a single , uninterrupted jungle of unrecognizable tropical plants and trees .
the ivory turtle kept very good pace with the group , excepting that every once in a while he would stop and investigate some plant on the side of the path or smell one of the larger trees .
he shouted as he was getting closer to me , knocking plants and shrubs over .
caring for a plant will do that , neste had told her .
for the rest of the year , when the plant was nt blooming , neste had to be content with verbal reports of the plants health .
for the rest of the year , when the plant was nt blooming , neste had to be content with verbal reports of the plants health .
a plant will ground an air person and give her balance .
seriously , a plant is the perfect balance .
its amazing we are nt all worshiping plants !
he spent hours with kenn at his shop in town and filled journal after journal with notes about reactions of certain plants with other plants .
he spent hours with kenn at his shop in town and filled journal after journal with notes about reactions of certain plants with other plants .
neste knew her friend cared for the plant because it was important to neste .
so your garlic plant is sick ?
i am hopeless with plants .
sorry , patrick , but one of these days you 'll have to ask me about quantum physics or how my pot plants are , just to break the mould .
east are hills thickly carpeted with shrubs and thorns , and offspring trees that curve their branches to the ground and plant seeds where they touch .
down by the pool , tall water plants raised spears to the sky , amongst which flowers flared like bright butterflies .
to keep them green , the gardeners had to bring bucket after bucket of water and even then , some plants would not survive .
the gardener was able to set outside many plants he had gathered from other countries .
there were no plants or birds or animals , just that monster standing there .
and when the plants were gone the air grew thin , and the creatures in the sea were poisoned and floated to the surface .
food for us or for our animals , or to sell , or even just plants in the garden .
the days and months went much faster now that he had friends to talk to and he told them all about the places he had flown over , the plants and animals that he had seen ( and in some cases , eaten ) and the cities and countries of which the other dragons had talked when he was little enough to still be interested .
no human hand was necessary in caring for these plants , rooted here millennia ago by magic , but that did not stop one wanting to touch them .
we continued along what looked like a garden , except every plant and tree was withered and gray .
he could name every plant in the forest and knew all their special qualities .
fredrick asked as he grabbing the wobbly plant .
when the boys were done grabbing their share , the lighter mantos plant awkwardly folded up its colour faded peelings .
for all i knew , the artist could have been an ancient picasso putting together an abstract version of his nightmare after eating too many peyote plants .
the glow sticks did nt provide much light , but we could see well enough to make out potted plants , a sitting area with couches and chairs , and what looked like a conference room at the far end of a corridor .
` ` if you must know , it 's just plant roots .
there , scattered in layers were the paraphernalia of a forgotten era , objects that seemed to have long ago sprung forth from the ground like so many species of wayside plant - for how else could such a diversity of trinkets be made ?
then an obvious path began to emerge where all plant life had been destroyed , leaving only a dusty trail that wound up through the hills ahead into a great chasm between the mountains .
they were thin , dirty creatures , scraping and churning up the soil , cutting down plants and making piles .
did they eat plants like rabbits did ?
moreover , the ease with which birds migrated to and from isolated lands also haphazardly spread species to isolated islands , as birds could carry from place to place seeds , plants , eggs , and food in their beaks , feet , and stomachs .
that is why , for the past twenty years we have been conducting experiments breeding plants and animals .
you see , by inducing and selecting favorable mutations , we can produce new and better plants and animals .
i suppose their most prized possession is their plant life ?
spiny plants shot out of the ground , on either side of brye .
the plants took hold of bryes wrists , yanking him to the ground , cutting and chafing his already sore skin .
chop down any trees you encounter , despoil any plants and decimate its natural cover .
he scanned the rocks and plants and eventually saw what he was looking for ; a small outcrop of rock , next to a hollow that had obviously been enlarged .
i turned my head to see that the beautiful grass was dead now , and then looked around to see all the other plants were dead as well .
a strong , earthy herbal smell saturated the house as dried plants hung from one corner of the room .
` ` i will be in my garden , '' i told them , ` ` to tend my plants .
the unmade bed took up one of the walls and was flanked by small antique dressers ; on the opposite wall , meredith had set up an office area with an antique brass lamp and a few potted plants .
she gave the plants a chagrined smile , as they were looking pretty sad and neglected next to several piles of paper and textbooks that crowded around the laptop computer and the lamp .
glass in hand , she returned to the bedroom and poured water onto the plants .
sorry , plant !
lets just restrict future experimenting to plants .
perhaps you can tell the new sergeant to add some plants and vases , damon .
he had given her a key to his small , white house because she took care of his plants and kept an eye on things for him whenever he took a vacation or went on a weekend trip .
their claws were filled with great clumps of plants .
i did n't know what type of plant until i saw the reactions of the cats .
each one was different but some leaped in the air , some rolled around meowwing , others laid down and chewed the plant as it dropped in front of them .
the words of navva , raddias female maker , echoed in her mind : plants and animals are vile , envious creatures ; their inferior substance will leap inside you and destroy you given the slightest chance ; killing them is the only choice .
gallan , for instance , was at present thinking hard of the whiteroot plant , its sharp sour taste when eaten raw and the surprising sweetness brought out by its cooking .
what she knew for a fact , since every older person shed ever met seemed to be in agreement about it , was that they were on an island that once boasted one of the worlds greatest kingdoms , which had perished in a single sweep of the sky - high waves , sparing only those who lived up in the mountains : the shepherds and villagers who , in the bitter aftermath , once plants had been killed by the ashes and the sunlessness , and their flocks had to be butchered and eaten before they died off too , degenerated into monsters .
and as if they had nt suffered enough , the massing clouds began to disgorge the ceaseless rain of ashes that would , in less than a year , devastate the plant life of dwanar , decimate the animals , and plunge the few survivors in famine , sickness and death .
the land was stained and full of twisted plants , as if poisoned by the presence of such hatred .
ifferon watched with great interest the small plants that lined the hills , tiny and tender , yet with such vibrant colours that they stood like fire upon a greying heath .
after an hour or so herrdon returned with a cloak full of berries and wild fruits , almost as bright and vivid as the plants around them .
it appeared he was , for she continued : on the passing of a new summer , each ferian youthling plants new flowers and bushes and trees , and so the flora grow as we age , and so the fauna come to know and love us deeply over time .
we are the wardens of life , the protectors of plants , the defenders of trees , the custodians of the earth , and the guardians of animals .
there were plants and water and life .
the dirt and tiny plants between the obsidian columns had been burned recently .
daelin crawled around , finding only char , dirt , rocks , and decaying plant matter .
you see all these plants , cleo ?
some plants , you got to toil hard with them to make 'em do anything .
other plants do n't need much toiling , but you got to give them lots of attention .
that 's what some plants thrive on .
the trick is in knowing which plants need pruning , and which ones just need to be adored .
` ` so , '' i asked a little slowly , ` ` you either love a plant or you do n't ? ''
love is about giving a plant , or a person , what they need , not what they want .
` ` well , you turn over the soil , work your carcass off , dump some manure on the ground , blend it all in real good , plant , tend , water , plead a little from time to time .
you might have a wilted little tomato plant .
they are of course an animal , but they do not possess a mind , not even a simple one , they are as mindless as a plant , so are incapable of suffering .
saul had loaded his horse up and was wandering about the area plucking plants from the earth , studying them and throwing some aside , but tucking some into a small satchel .
ahhh ... harald , i ve spotted some interesting plants around here ; i should be able to take some of these and use them to brew some potions that might aid our battle with the dragon .
just some plants from the forest , kota said , shrugging again .
all that she could see were trees and the scraggly plants that grew in the light that managed to filter through the overgrowth .
there were plants everywhere ; it was amazing .
plants and trees surrounded the area .
not a plant .
and conrad wanted to mention it was only for plants .
but wait , no , last week it was only for plants .
conrad took a tentative sniff at the bottle anyway , and he did nt really remember what normal miracle - gro smelled like , being that the last time he d used it had been in the third grade science fair , and even that had only been in theory as he d actually dug up plants two days before the date rather than remembering to grow his own .
its toll was great , for it nearly exhausted the lands of not only its people but the animals and plants too ; and allowed disease and famine to fester and spread , taking lives far from the contested battlefields in the cities and towns , and in the high mountains , deep dells and thick forests .
he had taken up the inconspicuous job of a gardenerthomas always enjoyed tending to plants back in atlantis , always had a ' green thumb ' as your people call itand was hired by your mother 's parents to maintain their large gardens .
a deep sea plant that is harvested for clothing , drapes , and banners amongst other things .
his father stood at the edge of a white marble balcony ; pot plants , tables and chairs strewed about as if thomas had knocked them aside in a mad dash .
let us hope that you are respectful towards the more dangerous plant life when we ... go back .
upon closer inspection the title of the book read : of plants and herbs and their healing properties by arinaeus kathan'dar .
he left the cave , knowing that movement would warm him , looking for a plant he had seen before .
lov found a grouping of several nice plants .
but these ogier were amazing , they sang to plants , and the plants grew .
but these ogier were amazing , they sang to plants , and the plants grew .
i would have swept across the world and destroyed anything that was n't a plant .
there was what looked like a fruit bowl on it , but the main item in it looked like a cross between a pineapple and a cactus plant .
the path veered right to a fence that appeared to be made of some sort of livid , wet looking brown plant .
jared saw nothing but then after a pause his eyes adjusted and he could see a grey rabbit ahead , nibbling on a leaf of some plant , held between its paws .
the voice snapped and then a small brown fox stepped clear of a large clump of knobbly yellow plants .
jared watched the plants and leaves wave in its wake and then whirled as he heard bue squawk triumphantly and pick up his precious bow from the undergrowth .
with talking plants , flowers in every colour you could imagine as well as a little farm of animals .
jared stared at the plant , still not fully comprehending how this world could constantly surprise him .
such a pleasure , the plant crooned .
the plant turned its face to a neighbouring flower and in a whisper said , serena , we have visitors .
the other plant raised its dial to look at them and gently shook it from side to side as if waking up .
blautin giggled and stood still as the plant extended one of its leaves to tickle him under the chin .
other plants nearby , maybe ten in all turned to gaze at the visitors and maximo chuckled at jareds confused expression .
a soft song , like a birdsong but sweeter and more melodious came from the plants and jared again thought he would doze off .
the plants swayed slightly to the rhythm .
come , maximo said it is the plants time to pray .
watching the plants , tall and beautiful in the bright sunlight .
my house has protection , the plants and flowers are able to detect and subdue intruders .
still cross at the silly behaviour of her three companions she tugged on a particularly stubborn plant which was rooted very firmly .
suddenly the plant tore free .
managing to regain some self control she calmed her erratic flight pattern and hovered in the air , holding the plant in front of her .
silly plant , she tutted and was about to start plucking the petals free when the grass behind her moved and a mans face appeared .
they began to wind their way like plant shoots up and around madame veer .
the ripples became more fluid as he watched and with shock he saw a tiny green plant shoot emerge from the desiccated soil and wind its way upwards .
all across the flower bed the earth changed and tiny plant shoots erupted from it .
leyna had read something of mystical plants and the strange things they could do in those heavy books in sortares library but never really , deep down , believed they existed .
a plant that can apparently heal any wound or illness .
he struggled to grasp the rocks under his fingers , his feet kept slipping in the small nooks they sat in , and adris hand reached upwards , his fingers almost grasping the plant a thump behind leyna forced her to spin .
she did nt have to force herself to inhale the myriad scents and brush her fingers over the familiar plants that surrounded her .
she almost forgot about murray at one point , drawn in by the grandness of the great hall and beauty of the garden with the allure of those mystical plants .
help , who were in possession of mystical plants and scouting the nearby villages .
deris oil from the deris plant , toxic and deadly .
mesenara a mystical ( mythical ) plant known for its healing qualities .
there were more mountains and high valleys before they came to an area that was all black rock devoid of even plants for the most part .
the naples zoo was built about the carribean gardens , which were bounding of botanical collections , an array of tropical plants and flowers .
the people of parescence were very good at grafting , melding two , sometimes three species of plant and or flower , to create something altogether unique .
what of the gentle soul , living in bare subsistence , happy to hear the message of the wind , knowing the plants and animals and the cycle of their existence ?
the plants primary offense is noise and not the noisome .
my father only kept his milpa because everyone in the village , even the priest , even the caique , plants at least a small field of these crops .
the thick air smelled of rotting soil and too many plants and too much rain without clean light .
everywhere were ix - ai 's children , insects were on the plants and the trail and crawling on my feet and zuzzing around my ears .
the wife of my fathers oldest brother is a wise woman who knows many useful plants and cures for aches and wounds .
all sun does is create , create , and create new animals and new plants and new peoples .
that was the strength that moved me , my own body was just a bruise - toy for the amusement of the plants .
he had brought out a different bird - bone pipe , this one was short and had a fat mouth at the end , and into this he stuffed bits of some black plant that stank greatly .
there were stories for children , there were stories of how animals and plants received their names , there were stories of spirits and monsters .
i continued to tell stories of animals and plants , of monsters , and stories for children .
all the hip - high maize plants were taken by the greedy river spirits , the squashes and beans and gourds were gobbled up .
this was her way , to always look into hollows , to always peek into closed places , to always smell strange flowers and chew on new plants .
in secret clearings she grew the xivs , those special plants strong in healing power .
she opened one of the pouches , and the scent of eremuil , the wild coffee plant , came out .
` ` that is a healing plant .
all the plants dried up and turned to dust .
those plants would keep the lords of the night away .
she had planted the seeds of all the nine most powerful medicinal plants , and from that time the nine lords of the night could no longer enter the garden of the gods .
in the month of sek , when the new maize plants were as high as a mans knee and did not need so much care , there were many meetings in the mat house .
when the maize plants were as high as my knee , early in sip , my uncle and i spoke a little more about a wife .
below the huge stone called tunai the people plant fields , but the maize is eaten by insects , there are too many bugs for people to live safely .
he had exactly seven pictures in his office , seven plants , seven seats , including his own , there were a lot of sevens .
i like the plants when they begin to come out of their slumber .
the shade exulted in the feel of the rough bark beneath its stolen hands , the feel of the caressing breeze , the aroma of flowering plants , and most of all , the thudding of a beating heart .
# time lost all meaning in the arizona territory , with its vast tracks of desert , saguaro cactus plants , mesquite trees , and dry heat .
potted plants decorated the road , separating the walkways on either side from the cart path in the center , and the flowers were in full bloom , a mixture of reds , yellows , blues , and purples that were a wonder to anyone wandering here from any other part of the city .
great hills , with impossibly steep slopes , thrust themselves out of the earth while plants clung precariously to their sides and adorned their relatively flat tops like an uncouth green mane .
he smiled at her tremulously , and where grow these wondrous plants ?
a plant that looked almost like ivy lined the walls and , aside from the black sludge that stuck to the ceiling , it looked almost inviting now .
it looked significantly less wet than the slime that was on the ceiling in the plains , but there were still ponds and patches of plants that looked less than healthy now- they had adopted the same characteristic blackish hue .
stenn made it a point to avoid wandering too close to any of the affected ponds , plants , and buildings .
she did this many times , ever ignorant of her inability to touch the plants .
her skin became translucent enough to see her pulsing veins like the roots of a plant washed free of earth .
there was a chapter about flowers and plants , another about reptiles ( such as geakes snake ) , and another about animals .
it was so big it was like a small world of its own , that could have plants growing on it , and critters running over its surface .
it was some ten minutes later , as he was putting down his phone , when raghuvir returned and stepped back in to the car holding a small plant in one of his hands .
a plant ?
wait a minute , why had you gotten her a plant ?
damn , i was not talking about getting her a plant professor , kamal grumbled .
give her the plant , give her the plant , were the faint murmurs he muttered in to his ear .
give her the plant , give her the plant , were the faint murmurs he muttered in to his ear .
the plant , although not the best choice for a gift in his eyes , might turn out to be the only thing that could save them here .
but as raghuvir was about to extend that plant forth towards anoothi , a bunch of children from the building engaged in a game of tag came running in to the hallway where he and kamal were standing , and he had barely any time to register their presence before one of them slipped and ran in to his back , causing the plant to drop from his hands and go tumbling down to the floor , where it shattered with a loud clack , spreading a debris of broken pot pieces , dirt and flora at the threshold .
but as raghuvir was about to extend that plant forth towards anoothi , a bunch of children from the building engaged in a game of tag came running in to the hallway where he and kamal were standing , and he had barely any time to register their presence before one of them slipped and ran in to his back , causing the plant to drop from his hands and go tumbling down to the floor , where it shattered with a loud clack , spreading a debris of broken pot pieces , dirt and flora at the threshold .
bushes and branches , vines and plants , stuck so tightly together it quickly became extremely difficult to maneuver down the steep side slope .
the plants would wither , and soon nothing would be left but the desert dust .
cordis tended to all the plants and had a special love of everything growing .
he held his hand out to the plants before him .
a decade ago he collected all the information he could find on poisonous plants and devoted his life to making sure they got into nolens food .
lit torches lined the walls , two water fountains bubbled to his sides , and numerous potted trees and plants stretched out their energy to his senses .
he displayed speed at first , causing the plants to creep up the walls and drawing them back to their planters .
there he led her through fields of green plants and over bubbling brooks of crystal water .
using the plants as his cover he easily circled around until he was but a few metres behind the concealed figure using the same blackness to shroud himself .
most of his workers fly directly onto site from his plants in africa and the philippines .
each plant contains within it the pattern of its older self .
but i think it was dealing on such a small scale ... did you know , he said suddenly , that there are plants and animals so small that you ca n't even see them without enhanced sight ?
they walk out to the gardens which consist of plants from all around the world .
as trees and plants die , each one is replanted , and we do nt kill more animals than we can eat .
back in the day , the druids lived there practicing plant magic .
wayden had never seen a plant mage , but he heard there were many of them in tulkar .
rif pictured a peaceful place : a tulkarian waterfall : fronds of broad - leafed tropical plants on the banks , singing birds with stripes of pink and orange strutting with chests puffed out .
as she had thought there was an island on the starboard side of the ship ; basically a grey , lifeless pile of strange , large boulders , at the edge of a huge , bald crater that seemed to extend into the sea , with hardly any plants or trees upon it - just a few scraggly pine trees and some bracken and thistles growing from unlikely cracks and crevices in the stone at the foreground .
some new plants and a large sixty gallon empty aquarium sat on a long granite countertop in the back of the room next to some hors d'oeuvres and a few pitchers of water .
his separated self allowed him to feel all that surrounded him , be it animal or human , building or plant , much more acutely .
each night , batarr brewed a concoction from the roots of local plants that had been collected during the day .
for several hours they continued to talk , while they drank an elixir distilled from one of the many plants that grew in the underworld .
along one side ran a stream surrounded by a thick mat of ferns , and many strange plants chris could nt identify .
they entered caverns which took several hours to traverse and teemed with animal and plant life .
duss and cass started telling stories of all the different places in the underworld , and the types of animals and plants that lived in them .
periodically , he pointed out plants that could cure various ailments and explained the ways important ingredients were extracted .
but i ve only just realised i can sense animals and plants .
but alice could feel that the flower was trembling ever - so - slightly , as much as a plant could reasonably be expected to , at least .
the man with the sharp features and hawk - like gaze is a plant sorcerer .
i have never met a plant sorcerer , and i ' ve only heard of them rarely from castor 's tales .
stay still , the plant sorcerer warns .
they hail down on the plant sorcerer , but before they can do too much damage , his armor lights up , and most of them scatter across his helmet and chest plate , sizzling as the energy leaves them .
the plant sorcerer seems to be the only soldier with any arak ability in this group , apart from captain yang .
that gives me an opportunity to deal with the plant sorcerer before yang weighs into the battle .
they attack in a coordinated , organized manner , supporting the plant sorcerer and never leaving him open to attack .
the plant sorcerer whirls around , launching himself high in the air , and striking me across the jaw with a powerful punch .
stop struggling , the plant sorcerer hisses , his voice sounding almost exactly like a swift wind rustling through a forest full of leaves .
you 'll hurt yourself , the plant sorcerer warns .
stop struggling , girl , the plant sorcerer warns once more .
including lieutenant shang , one of the finest plant sorcerers in my division .
for as the guards lead me around the balcony , we ascend a short flight of stairs and enter a section partitioned with majestic potted plants .
walking past a bank of luscious green plants , we enter an enclosed area with a grand golden and white recliner .
they were going to let him be in charge , but i demanded you be my overseer , mara notes as she sweeps her arms in front of herself and starts to distractedly pick at one of the plants before her .
there are no trees , no plants , just sand covered dirt .
then again , where are all the plants ?
once again matthew bent over and looked at the green leafy plants growing in the horse tank .
turns out the hendersons were trying to cross lake plants with pot and make some sort of hybrid .
people and animals had the strongest force , then plants , and finally rock and stone .
grasses grew , plants thrived and trees flourished , pushing from the soil into the light .
they swam together in the lake ; he helped her pick medicinal plants from the forest floor ; they hunted together .
altogether , it was a truly exotic plant being !
it was a magical blessing to edla for the wonders that made up these special plant creatures .
it moved through the cluster of frightened plant beings while the warrior continued his raze of their bodies in fire .
around me , the trees wavered like sea plants pushed by invisible waters and dropped their few remaining leaves to the black earth where they spun in cyclones at my feet .
while becka hurled insults about his family history , she picked up a potted plant and chucked it at him .
the underclothes were from a supple cambric cloth the micmac wove from a downy plant fiber they imported from more - southerly neighbors .
alvito would place his best wrought iron that he made from the choicest ore into crucibles along with a secret mixture of dried plants and pulverized powders .
he heard antler - man dislodge gravel and rip out handfuls of the tough cliff - dwelling plants as he climbed up the sheer face of rock .
when he untied the drawstrings then peered inside , he discovered that it contained the dried and shredded leaves of the tobacco plant .
it seemed the only plants worth drinking from were setaceous .
they somehow ascended which i do nt understand into another realm they called aether , from which they used their dreamcasting abilities to create plant and animal life , shape the world , and even create a handful of races just as intelligent and capable as themselves .
a plant shifter ?
on either side of the path were gardens with winter flowering plants whose perfume hung on the air giving a promise of the spring to come .
there was a low wall along the garden side of the terrace and at the top of the steps were two large urns , one on each side planted with small conifers and more of the winter flowering plants .
the sun himself gives warmth to all and makes the plants and grain grow tall .
i used to like to look at his books on the animals and plants of vimar when i was a child , said randa .
it was a young woman with long silvery blonde hair who at about the waist became more plant than girl .
he created a season called summer , which warmed the lands and helped plants to grow faster with the light of the sun .
because of the summer season , new breeds of plants were created .
the jungle had many plants of bright colors , reds , orange and yellows .
sweat trailed from his forehead and he smelled ashes over the scent of plants .
it was a mossy , moldy plant that grew on wet rocks , giving them a charred look .
various topics of research were scribbled within the book , ranging from the effects of certain alchemical concoctions on nearby plant life to the results of a particular mix of pipe weeds intended to attract dragons .
she could hear the plants , from what she said .
if a new plant sprouted and it was nt where it was supposed to be , she could predict the events of the next month without fail .
all his images and all his sounds had to do with walking and the things walking showed himthe land , the trees , the strange plants which magx picked and ate ; the other kin .
dangerous but magical , like those which only magx had used to show which plants were safe to eat .
he d take a plant they had been eating and lay the unknown one next to it .
as agreed with king benjamin , no pleasures of his kingdom are withheldhe offers succulent meats , sweet fruits , tangy and tasty plants ... the pleasures of his womenall , each and any , not restricted as to age , but as each man desires ... girls who appear as the king snaps his fingersflower girls , giggling , with gardens not yet hoed ... older women , unto deep sunset , ladies of great marvel whose tongues twitter with bird - magic .
about the plants which induced hallucinations : of heaven , of hell .
as only minnesota could befrozen , yet with life scurrying all over it and under it : petrifiedhe walks aware of those who live under it , not only the plants sleeping and the seeds anticipating but the pioneers dead and the indians dead and whomever was here before the indians ... frank sees clearly , minnesota is anticipation , expectation , a frozenness which is somnolence , a waiting : for a return , a revivification , more than spring or springs gushing from melted snowit is this he is knowing as he stops at the lakes edge , undefined edge for when does the land end and the ice begin ?
delightedhe had to admit to himselfat the passion of their play : alicia wrestling pat , pulling hair , scratching ... lonny throwing a potted plant across the room , just missing bertha ... anna arming herself for her continual food fight : not letting anyone into the kitchen for two days runningit maddened him with delight , all their new selves , presences , odors , all their swearing and hating and fucking and shitting on each other ... all their weirdness , ah , the queerness of the moment : he felt himself being pushed back , falling out of the dream , actually waking up finding himself on the floor , sprawled , spread - eagleddamn , its just got ta be time !
reid knocked over a potted plant with a channel from uncontrolled laughter .
` ` he has my lady , '' replied maya , ` ` he is outside in the garden caring for his bonsai plants . ''
ali will go with you two there so he can explain the different varieties of plants we have there .
the surrounding area was a mess , plants and small trees pulled out by the roots thrown around , the soil had been dug at by bare fingers , and large river stones that were placed there for decoration were thrown in different directions .
mars i looked out the window at the familiar rust - red of the land , the valleys and rocks those places that were nt taken over by the green patches of grass and trees and plants .
left to feed the plants .
last year , a tall gypsy , a comic everyone called the funny man , had traded him a weeks work of chores around the camp for a dirty and battered old book on magical beasts and plants .
when he had a quiet moment in the afternoon , he put his belongings into it ; three white shirts , three pairs of beige trousers , three pairs of white socks , a book on stars , the book on magical plant and animals from the gypsy , his gifts , a sealed file containing copies of his orphanage documents , the letter from uncle quincy and the photographs of his family .
why are they less dense around plants , and almost completely non - existent in a desert or on top of a mountain ?
dormant magic is the kind you get in magical animals and plants will is a kind of dormant magic its held within another physical construct , like medicine .
the problem was that all these timetables were charted by the progress of the seasons ; or the position of the sun in the sky ; or the position of the stars ; or by the phase of the moon ; or the blooming of a particular plant in an obscure valley ; or the mating season of a particular bird the list was endless and they followed the tenets of the seasons more zealously than any shaman .
say , a book on magical plants and animals ?
rif pictured a peaceful place : a tulkarian waterfall : fronds of broad - leafed tropical plants on the banks , waterbirds with stripes of pink and gills of orange , strutting with chests puffed out .
pee - pee goes in ground , goes into roots of grass and flowers , grass grows , flowers grow , goat eats grass , flowers make pollen , goat makes milk , kid drinks milk , farmer takes milk , kid grows up , farmer makes cheese and glue , bees get pollen , carpenter buys glue , candle maker buys cheese , bees make wax , farmer takes money , carpenter makes table , farmer buys seeds , candle maker eats cheese , farmer plants seeds , candle maker buys wax , makes candles .
yes , even plants , even rocks , said ydnas .
then she gradually straightened up , like a growing plant .
most of the land was taken up with raised beds of food plants of one kind or another .
flowers and green plants and little ponds everywhere .
the one contains everything not only inanimate things , plants , animals , and people , but also numbers , the gods , and space and time by definition , whatever exists is an aspect of the one .
so the one went ahead and created plants and animals , and it thought , this is good .
animals and plants succeeded or failed , but they did nt know that they did , or only knew it in a vague sort of way .
if you are referring to their appearances in the form of mortals , animals , plants , or other individual material things , i find it to be the most likely hypothesis , lord .
a few steps more , and spreading landscape appears , with plants , and animals , and people , and societies , and vidigeon and his thoughts , and good and evil , and ultimately , the unity of all things .
he had a disquieting suspicion that his relationship with lessie was like a plant that had to grow .
these people grow their own sacred plants , which enables them to avoid any dependence on criminals .
she swayed back and forth without moving her feet ; it made him think of an underwater plant being pulled this way and that by the water .
( from the romance novel , sora and atara ) oselika and teladorion entered the phantom church of the one god and found a middle - aged man , in a simple grey robe , watering plants in the well - lit vestibule .
it looks as though fire makes water boil , plants grow from seeds , the sun lights our way , water carries silt , experiences make memories , wars change boundaries , and ignorance breeds evil .
this is evident in the case of plant - eaters and meat - eaters , but it is even so for most plants : they require fertile soil , and what is that but the remains of excrement and the bodies of things once living ?
this is evident in the case of plant - eaters and meat - eaters , but it is even so for most plants : they require fertile soil , and what is that but the remains of excrement and the bodies of things once living ?
his tongue flicked out and snared a small beetle from a nearby plant .
most of the plant species you will see are unique to this area , said kshaloka , for the climate here is itself unique .
kor looked at the plant , which had been enclosed in a protective wickerwork dome by the groundskeepers .
this sponge is one of the most toxic plants known .
the slime is actually produced by tiny animals and plants , which have the form of threads suspended from the rock at their upper end .
they fish , and cultivate water plants , and train octopi , and make various things to sell .
irgowond had decorated it with bright colors , with flowers , with art objects , with a large glass urn containing water , water plants , and fish , and with many other things .
in its own mind , the tree had more of a relationship with those gods than it had with the plants and animals around it , which were largely invisible to it .
she began to think about how humans could live only by destroying animals and plants .
i meant , water runs down , plant grows toward light , people help others .
she only ate because darestigan gave her an argument to the effect that fruits and nuts were intended to be eaten , as a way of spreading the seed of the plant that grew them .
picking up her staff , she placed her other hand onto various weed plants , and found a spirit in every one .
he simply flattened down weeds in the area of sprouting food plants , to be sure that the latter got a start .
but this drew kors attention to the fact that all living things , even plants , compete with one another .
and here is the reason : the symbiont is actually not a single animal or plant , but a whole ecosystem of organisms , all of which are too small to see !
in particular , there is a drug called elucida , which is obtained from the berries of a plant that grows around here .
at times , the growing things were more like clouds or crystals than plants .
she knew that each new plant or animal came from a tiny seed , and each seed was placed by an angel , and grew according to a strict law .
it will be transformed into earth , and eventually into plants and animals .
time sped up in the picture ; kor saw plants sprout and grow in a few breaths time , and she saw trees gain and lose their leaves , and plants their flowers , several times .
she has , however , influenced everyone she ever met , as well as plants , animals , and inanimate objects .
even some of the plants developed eyes , and inanimate objects developed tripwires .
* * plants grow toward the sun , but if they ever reached it , they would be destroyed .
everything being equal , it is better to help people ( or animals , or plants ) rather than to harm them .
he also felt that the growth and development of this tiny piece of plant was an essential part of that larger process .
how much more wondrous the universe is , given that it has evolved , like this plant , step by step from a humble beginning !
the growth of the plant , intricate and beautiful though it was , was only a small part of the growth of the universe , and an incomplete picture of it .
looking at kors life with kors part of its mind , the universe also detected a process of evolution , one which reflected the greater process , and participated in it , just as the growth of the plant did .
when her weeping was spent , she remembered the scripture , and how it had said that an individuals development required alternating periods of self - forgetting and self - remembering , just as the plant experienced day and night .
this structure was not clearly visible at first , because there was a good deal of decorative filigree added , as well as numerous plants in organically - shaped ceramic pots .
we have developed varieties that will not die back seasonally , so that once you have a squash plant , for example , it keeps on producing squash as long as conditions are good .
then she remembered sitting in the garden of the temple , looking at a tiny growing plant , and feeling as though the whole universe were like that : growing and developing .
it was drizzling , but she was dressed for it : her broad , conical hat , which she had made of overlapping leaves of the waxy argulith plant , kept her head dry , and her light coat of raw wool , full of lanolin , did the same for the rest of her .
what plant has ever asked for money for its fruit ?
what have the sun and the rain asked from the plant ?
working under the instructions of snoffle him- and herself , they had bred the plant to make a slightly different chemical , one that could be taken once and for all .
the rocks , trees , grasses and other plant life were bursting with energy .
we have a better chance at survival if we use fire on any plants or earth curses .
eckxio shot fire at the plants from his gauntlet .
he lifted the sword and slashed the plants .
as he ran he bumped into the walls and cut through the cursed plants .
they can manipulate water , make plants grow faster , some could shape shift and others controlled the wind .
` ` never have i seen plants growing inside a cave , '' he said and looked back at the waterfall .
we thought the snake in his room was a plant , to make him look like the killer .
my green lace bra , which had matched both my blouse and my panties , was hanging forlornly from the philodendron plant that sat on the black lacquered armoire in the corner .
there was a philodendron plant on top of it , grown so long that the vines fell like green hair around the beautiful wood .
the scent of plants was mingling so that i could smell galen 's apple blossoms , doyle 's scent of autumn oak leaves and deep forest , and rhys 's sweet , cloying lily of the valley .
jewels winked and glittered among the verdant plant life .
he opened his eyes , and i watched his puzzlement as he looked at the plants that had filled the hallway .
they did not grow into big plants instantly , but they were there , and the room was suddenly full of that rich green growing smell that is spring .
batches of plants , even trees , softened the severe , cold marble surroundings , and lounges were laid out in a dozen different areas , where bathers might idle in one another 's company while awaiting their turn at a pool .
buds had already formed on the early - blooming plants and upon all three of the carefully pruned trees .
balconies and stairs wound all over the outside of the building , thickly planted with broad - leafed plants , flowers , and small trees , all laid out in beautiful , miniature gardens , complete with several beautifully lit fountains .
she wore the single , deep color of the ruling house of placida , a rich , deep emerald green whose dye was derived from a plant found only in the high reaches of the mountains near placida .
the windows were open , a pleasant wind stirring them gently , and the scent of recent rain and flowering plants , the scent of spring filled the room .
sitting beneath a potted plant 's notched ear in the marriott lobby she could feel it slouching rough - beast - like toward downtown atlanta .
her face twisted as she examined the old plant : its bark had been stripped bare in eight deep furrows .
this one was short and thin , his head swivelling back and forth with a rehearsed sense of ease , like a wispy plant .
forests were plants .
she could have found some delicious plant .
even the water could n't be tainted if it caused such plants to grow .
if the voice could feel the plants , too , it made no indication .
i spend most of my days walking down the beaches with kataria , listening to her tell me about the various plants , shells and driftwood we find .
they talk to invisible people , spend their whole lives hoarding bits of metal instead of making them into weapons ; they do stupid stuff like plant crops and store food and leave it all to wailing whelps who did nothing to deserve it .
his vomit was hungrily chewing on it with a thousand tiny , semiliquid mouths , belching steam with every moment it reduced the plant to a brown , messy blob .
he stepped out of the void , a great green plant out of dark earth , stepping lightly on feet bearing thumbs .
he bought a plant in a pot as a gift .
he watered the plant , wondered whether or not to put the wine into the refrigerator .
he got the wine and the plant , arid he walked next door .
she took the wine bottle and the potted plant , and said thank you .
he stared at the tulip plant , and shook his head .
temeraire ate his camel that night with pleasure , and they all drank their fill ; the next morning they soon came to farmland , bordered on all sides by tall swaying stands of cannabis plants growing higher than a man 's head , planted in perfectly squared rows to anchor the dunes ; and vast groves of mulberry - trees , leaves rustling against one another in the whisper of breeze , on the approach to the great desert city .
one had forced the plants of the earth to do her bidding while the other telekinetically hurled objects meant to kill .
the bench was situated in a little clearing filled with flowering plants and a sign that read the kelly hayes memorial garden .
the air smells of ozone and dust and desert plants trying to grasp at the rare and valuable moisture .
gardener threw a few more handfuls of seeds , and reeds and water plants began to fill in where it was still bare .
gardener had replaced the trees and other plants that had been destroyed .
the enemy scout wore loose clothing of plain homespun that had been intentionally stained with earth and plant juices .
the place was delirious with flowers and lousy with plants , but every single one was perfectly groomed .
she regarded me without blinking , then turned and plucked a bright yellow flower from a nearby plant .
somebody - probably a late - night partier - had added a floating budweiser cup to the extravaganza of dusty silk plants and spray - on stone .
besides , '' he added , flipping a book off the shelf , ` ` at the institute we have to take classes in basic medicinal uses for plants .
it surrounded luke 's small back garden , where the only plants flourishing seemed to be the weeds that had sprung up through the paving stones , cracking them into powdery shards .
he grows medicinal plants , things we can use .
when jace opened the greenhouse door , the scent hit clary , soft as the padded blow of a cat 's paw : the rich dark smell of earth and the stronger , soapy scent of night - blooming flowers - moonflowers , white angel 's trumpet , four - o'clocks - and some she did n't recognize , like a plant bearing a star - shaped yellow blossom whose petals were medallioned with golden pollen .
the air was hot and close , and the shadows seemed to rise up before her like magically fast - growing plants in a nightmare forest .
the plants made this place home .
in daytime i could tell you the names of them and what medicinal plants grew in their shadows .
you bought just about every protective plant known to man . ''
graham glanced between us with narrowed eyes , as if he thought we might be plants from the establishment .
senor alvarez reported that the store was doing well , he was taking good care of my plants , and i should n't worry about things at home .
i would n't be able to do anything with the plants , but what about dirt ?
she had taught me about medicinal plants and the names of the trees .
the agave plant and i simply do not get along . ''
but in my absence , he 'd fixed up the area with a couple of potted plants , cushions min had embroidered , and candles .
my mother had been a white witch , one who believed in getting back to nature , so there were lots of charms for growing plants and discouraging animals from rummaging around in your garden .
i had no words for the shape of the plants that grew here , but they were dark and twisted , thick with thorns .
perhaps it was not so exciting as battles - temeraire could not argue that - but there was something splendid even in seeing plants grow , when one had helped to sow the fields , and the pavilion half - finished seemed already lonely and abandoned when he thought of going away .
he did also make a fuss of what ought to have been a simple circuit of the island , which was not very large - he asked temeraire to set him down more than once , only so he could collect bits of one plant or another which to temeraire 's eye did not look any different from the ones on the original shore ; and once in a sandy cove to collect up a truly enormous nest of turtle eggs .
laurence walked to the edge of the meadow where it ended in cliff to breathe deep of some cleaner air and pull it into his lungs , and found he was looking down at a series of terraced fields : man - made yet lying fallow ; maize plants struggled with weeds and tall grasses for dominion , and even a few tools lay half - buried in the greenery , abandoned .
at the same time , a gentle wind that hardly stirred the plants of the garden lifted gaius from the ground , even as he wove another delicate veil around himself , vanishing as he took almost silently to the skies .
no living or once - living plants adorned the room , ruling out much use of woodcrafting , and the close quarters would make the use of any firecrafting essentially suicidal .
there were lots of cheerful colors and potted plants , and peppy muzak kept the well - dressed staff busy at their computer terminals .
even the occasional ornaments interspersed between the rows of plants were pleasing and harmonious , if at times a little outre .
i ' ve got a great collection of marijuana plants . ''
i follow her into the counselor 's office , which is packed with plants and family photos .
the way you talked to the air and whispered secrets to the plants while you drained their life away . ''
the mantle is ornamented with plastic plants and photos .
chapter 18 when i was thirteen , my mom locked me in the attic for an entire day because she believed i killed several of her house plants .
the only thing that bothered me was her belief that i killed the plants on purpose .
` ` your mom 's pulled a similar stunt before , when she locked you up in the attic for an entire day after she thought you purposefully killed all the plants . ''
` ` nice plants .
i could see two strands of light gray at his temple , the absolute way his eye color matched the leaves of a sage plant itself .
` ` no , that 's robert plant .
there was a tended garden with flowering plants that smelled heavenly .
( plants on the disc , while including the categories known commonly as annuals , which were sown this year to come up later this year , rieanuals , sown this year to grow next year , and perennials , sown this year to grow until further notice , also included a few rare re - annuals which , because of an unusual four - dimensional twist in their genes , could be planted this year to come up last year .
he took the cigar out of his mouth , spat on the glowing end , and carefully hid it behind a potted plant .
' i know well enough that lady 's fingers is a kind of plant , thank you very much , ' said granny .
' what kind of plant is snakes ' heads ? '
' over there ... sitting by the potted plants . '
let there be another leaf : '' brutha pulled one off the nearest plant .
strangely enough , given his gentle ambling from garden to garden around the citadel , lu - tze never showed much interest in the plants themselves .
one day all i had on my mind was the amount of walking necessary to get to the nearest plant with decent lowgrowing leaves , the next ...
` ` orinjcrates ' on the nature of plants , '' said didactylos .
` ` six hundred plants and their uses ... '' ` ` they 're beautiful , '' whispered brutha .
` ` yes , that is one of the uses of plants , '' said didactylos .
this one , drawings of plants and lots of writing .
there were even plants lodging in crevices in the rock .
but somewhere , in every village , was someone who officially did n't set bones and who did n't know a few things about certain plants , and who stayed out of reach of the quisition because of the fragile gratitude of their patients .
but there were plants ... more or less .
` ` you know the stone plants ? ''
st . ungulant , on his bony knees , smashed open the hard swollen leaf of a stone plant .
` ` carting soil and pruning plants ? ''
to magrat 's expert eye it was a pretty poor herb garden , since it just contained plants that flavoured food .
it 's all very well a potion calling for love - in - idleness , but which of the thirty - seven common plants called by that name in various parts of the continent was actually meant ?
it was as if eskimos had produced a natural expert in the care and attention of rare tropical plants .
it 's like the gods put a ' use me ' label on plants .
if a plant looks like a part of the body , it 's good for ailments peculiar to that part .
it 's a plant .
unimaginative municipal authorities throughout the multiverse had made floral clocks , which turn out to be a large clock mechanism buried in a civic flowerbed with the face and numbers picked out in bedding plants .
' well , now that the ink is dry , i wonder if i might fill you in on the fine detail ... ' ' you make yourself useful , esme weatherwax , ' said the voice from the bushes , ' by obligin ' me and findin ' any dock or burdock plants that might happen to be around out there , thank you very much . '
of course , like druids everywhere they believed in the essential unity of all life , the healing ower of plants , the natural rhythm of the seasons and the burning alive of anyone who did n't approach all this in the right frame of mind , but they had also thought long and hard about the very basis of creation and had formulated the following theory : the universe , they said , depended for its operation on the balance of four forces which they identified as charm , persuasion , uncertainty and bloody - mindedness .
the white and green symbolize a small parasitic plant ? '
who was about the size of a man , but bent almost double , and was covered with hair or rags or quite possibly a matted mixture of both that was so felted and unwashed that small plants had taken root on it .
' that one had plants growing on him ! '
and ' i thought i sent a memo out about people bringing in potted plants , ' and ' what d'you call that thing with the keyboard ? '
' much may be learned from the plants here , i 'll wager . '
' just a list of plants and fishes , ' he said .
and just inside the forest , in the leafy debris , roots unfolded and a number of very small plants began to grow like hell ... ' this is the last continent , ' said scrappy .
frenzied searching had failed to locate a steak bush so far but had found , in addition to numerous more conventional fruits , a pasta bush , a sort of squash that contained something very much like custard and , to ridcully 's disgust , a pineapple - like plant the fruit of which was , when the husk had been stripped away , a large plum pudding .
the plum - pudding plant , the custard - squash vine , the chocolate coconut- he turned his head to look at the trees .
it 's the way the plant spreads its seeds around .
after a few minutes , the bushes around the by now large and moving plant began to wilt .
roots drove into the sand , leaves unfolded , and the plant sprouted one solitary female flower .
there are some plants which rely for propagation on floating seeds , ' he said , in a small voice .
how many types of carnivorous plants are there , mister stibbons ? '
the sledgehammer plant of bhangbhangduc takes the occasional human victim who does n't see the mallet hidden in the greenery .
the pyramid strangler vine really only preys on other more stupid plants , but- ' ' i just think that there 's something very odd about a boat - shaped plant turning up just when we want a boat , ' said ridcully .
the pyramid strangler vine really only preys on other more stupid plants , but- ' ' i just think that there 's something very odd about a boat - shaped plant turning up just when we want a boat , ' said ridcully .
the shoot near his foot was already a plant now , and putting out leaves and a flowerbud .
beside him the little plant opened a nondescript yellow flower .
the little plant had fruited .
the handkerchief plant had just put forth another fruit .
all those other plants might come up with a better idea in the meantime !
' i suppose there is n't a butter plant anywhere , is there ? '
' although the plants seem to be acting very oddly these days .
i mean , there 're no plants or animals , are there ? '
she signed the register , watered the sad plants on the windowsill , went and fetched some fresh privet from the hedge for the stick insects that were the successor to henry the hamster ( chosen on the basis that it was quite hard to tell when they were dead ) , tidied a few errant crayons away and looked around the classroom at all those little chairs .
there are n't too many night - blooming plants that grow well up here .
the plants were a rushing green blur inches below lobsang 's sandals .
the sweeper said , scrambling over the battered plants .
it was brown , muddy and stank of dead plants .
` ` but we can feed them some of the silver plants , ca n't we ? ''
` ` the plants here are ... odd .
in the summer it was surrounded by dense beds of what granny loosely called ` ` the herbs '' - strange plants , hairy or squat or twining , with curious flowers or vivid fruits or unpleasantly bulging pods .
granny started taking esk on long walks that took all day , to hidden ponds or high on to the mountain scree to collect rare plants .
when they were several miles outside the village she said , ` ` i thought you told me plants were different in forn parts . ''
many spells required things like mould from a corpse dead of crushing , or the sem*n of a living tiger , or the root of a plant that gave an ultrasonic scream when it was uprooted .
if you invited a hedge wizard to a party he would spend half the evening talking to your potted plant .
it works like this : when the creator of the universe made helpful plants for the use of people , he ( or in some versions , she ) put little clues on them to give people hints .
a plant useful for toothache would look like teeth , one to cure earache would look like an ear , one good for nose problems would drip green goo and so on .
some plants had writing on them , if you knew where to look .
it was often hard to find and usually difficult to read , because plants ca n't spell .
most people did n't even know about it and just used the traditional method of finding out whether plants were poisonous or useful by testing them on some elderly aunt they did n't need , but miss level was pioneering new techniques that she hoped would mean life would be better for everyone ( and , in the case of the aunts , often longer , too ) .
' you mean plants really tell you how to use them ? '
' oh well , i suppose the big stinky horrible spiky iron stinging nettle needs a fairy , just like every other plant , ' said petulia .
and a few miles away old mother blackcap , who made her own soap out of animal fat and potash made , indeed , from plant ashes , felt a bar of soap snatched from her hand just as she was about to boil some sheets .
for example , it was one of the few places on the disc where plants produced reannual varieties .
reannuals are plants that grow backwards in time .
in a landscape that owed nothing to time and space , which appeared on no map , which existed only in those far reaches of the multiplexed cosmos known to the few astrophysicists who have taken really bad acid , mort spent the afternoon helping albert plant out broccoli .
the luggage was made from the wood of the sapient peartree , a plant so magical that it had nearly died out on the disc and survived only in one or two places ; it was a sort of rosebay willowherb , only instead of bomb sites it sprouted in areas that had seen vast expenditures of magic .
it contained plants seen nowhere else in the mountains , their roots and seeds traded across five thousand miles of the discworld , and the sergeant could swear that one or two blooms turned towards him .
of course , it 'd be a mind made up of all the other little minds inside it ; plant minds , bird minds , bear minds , even the great slow minds of the trees themselves ... she sat down in her rocking chair , which started to rock all by itself .
` ` nay '' - and what i could see of the fear dearg 's small wizened face seemed truly sad - ` ` she went to tend the plants that are hers on the hillside and found the police already there . ''
some flower faeries were very devoted to their plants , especially if they were species specific .
even frost and doyle were tense beside me , though we all knew it was a sound illusion that would keep curious big people from coming too close to the small fey , or her plants .
` ` find out , lucy , because she 'll be attracted to her plant .
some of them are so tied to a bit of land that if their plant goes extinct they die with it . ''
imply that meredith is a better , kinder ruler and i think gilda will at least tell you the plant . ''
` ` does anyone else smell flowers or plants ? ''
` ` your magic filled the hallway of immortality with plants and flowers ? ''
` ` it means they tended their special flower or plant and did n't feel the need for money , '' jeremy said .
` ` i just rubbed it against an iustig plant before i- '' ` ` assaulted me ? ''
` ` i need to make a poultice , '' morfyd said , moving over to some plants nearby to search out ingredients .
` ` we do n't have much in the way of lush trees and plants in the northlands .
i distracted myself by gazing up and down the hallway , which was drenched in white marble and so many exotic potted plants i could have been smack in the center of the amazon .
i pushed aside the prehistoric - looking plant , coming out from my hiding spot .
` ` i do not believe we have seen it used as an ingredient before : the cape vegetation has quite a unique construction , among the plant kingdom .
there was neither a school nor a church building , yet , only a mortally plain little house , graced by a few depressed and straggling trees , and a bare plot of land around it meant for a vegetable - garden , where mrs . erasmus was presently laboring in the company of her daughters and several of the young native women , who were being shown how to stake tomato plants .
laurence and berkley went to apply to him the next morning at the mission , already much altered since the last visit which laurence had made : the plot of land was now a handsome vegetable - garden , full of tomato and pepper plants ; a few khoi girls in modest black shifts were tending the rows , tying up the tomato plants to stakes , and another group beneath a broad mimosa tree were sewing diligently , while mrs . erasmus and another missionary lady , a white woman , took it in turn to read to them out of a bible translated into their tongue .
laurence and berkley went to apply to him the next morning at the mission , already much altered since the last visit which laurence had made : the plot of land was now a handsome vegetable - garden , full of tomato and pepper plants ; a few khoi girls in modest black shifts were tending the rows , tying up the tomato plants to stakes , and another group beneath a broad mimosa tree were sewing diligently , while mrs . erasmus and another missionary lady , a white woman , took it in turn to read to them out of a bible translated into their tongue .
a couple of the females had small plants .
there were no windows , no plants , and only one mural of what appeared to be the connecticut statehouse .
she often brought over plants and flowers from her garden .
in the garden , behind the tomato plants that were snaking up a knotted wood plank , was a girl .
she was hiding behind that plant .
if it had been frederick , i would have never heard the end of it and he would have probably demanded some other woman work on him , one who did n't compare him to plants .
bird and roman brought out a small drum , incense holders , little wooden bowls and bags of earth - colored herbs and a bunch of dried plants .
` ` carnivorous plants , '' rose said , nodding at them with a grin .
the porch was lined with plant after plant after plant , some hanging from the roof , others seeming to grow straight up from the ground , breaking through the slats on the porch floor .
the porch was lined with plant after plant after plant , some hanging from the roof , others seeming to grow straight up from the ground , breaking through the slats on the porch floor .
the porch was lined with plant after plant after plant , some hanging from the roof , others seeming to grow straight up from the ground , breaking through the slats on the porch floor .
i had some vintage travel posters framed and put on the walls alongside signed concert posters , a few skull - embossed pillows added to the couch , a potted plant in the corner near the balcony , and a small herb garden i started on the windowsill , but that was about it .
wood furies bounded along the causeway , their shapes never quite matching that of any single animal or creature , but blending the traits of many - others , invisible in the trees and plants at either side of the road , could only be seen as a ripple of forward motion amidst the living things .
there was a plethora of different plants there , and he knew them all .
as an apprentice shepherd who had grown up not far from riva , he 'd been made familiar with virtually every plant that grew in the region .
he 'd had to learn which the sheep could eat safely and which he should avoid : which plants might trigger problems in a member of the flock and which might be used to help support the animal 's recovery from illness or injury .
he reached out to all of them and extended his thoughts to the plants , the seeds , numbering and sorting them in his thoughts .
yards were decorated with colorful tulips , daffodils , and potted plants and adorned with american flags and plastic geese .
and when those chores were done , she found a smooth stone among the soil of the plants and used it to hone the edge of her knife .
he picked up a rind from one of the bright orange fruits and threw it back into the plants at the water 's edge , scowling , his thoughts in a turmoil .
the frozen brush did not seem to move so much as to have simply grown into a screen over them , and the sudden scent of earth and crushed plants flooded over them , veiling even that much evidence of their presence .
` ` a plant .
it seemed to cover the trees as might some kind of fungus , but rather than simply existing as a light coating of some other plant , it had grown over them in a thick , gelatinous - looking mass .
i 'd always wondered why , in the future , people never seemed to appreciate things like plants , carpet , and comfortably padded furniture .
that 's why we could n't find any kind of permanent base for the sentinels - they do n't need a plant , not even a hidden one .
it was a very basic text , with chapters on plant cells and reproduction , the human nervous system , how eyes work , and ...
i took her cell away from her , and then i told her to go outside to water the plants around the front door , just to get her out of the house because i was so angry .
some of the flowers and plants the family had received were arranged in with the food and on the two dining tables , formal and informal .
there were a couple of beds that looked newer , because the brick edging looked brighter and the plants smaller .
i felt like if i concentrated , i could follow the beans all the way back to the rich colombian ground that nurtured them - back to the plant that bore them - back through time , all the generations .
not to mention pets , farm animals , birds , insects , plants , all the things that made up the ecosphere , that made life possible and desirable .
the pages were made of old parchment and covered in ink drawings of plants .
i stole eggs from nests , caught fish in nets , sometimes managed to shoot a squirrel or rabbit for stew , and gathered the various plants that sprung up beneath my feet .
i checked and double - checked the plants i harvested with my father 's pictures .
in late summer , i was washing up in a pond when i noticed the plants growing around me .
it 's the plant i was named for .
the meat and plants from the woods combined with the exertion it took to get them have given me a healthier body than most of those i see around me .
despite haymitch 's order to appear mediocre , peeta excels in hand - to - hand combat , and i sweep the edible plants test without blinking an eye .
like me , she 's clever with plants , climbs swiftly , and has good aim .
i showed him what plants to eat and eventually gave him one of our precious bows .
even the plant instructor in the training center made a point of telling us to avoid berries unless you were 100 percent sure they were n't toxic .
five yards from where i fell , i crawl through a tangle of plants into a pond .
i spot some water plants with edible roots and make a small meal with my last piece of rabbit .
this is no herbal concoction that my mother grinds up out of woodland plants , it 's high - tech medicine brewed up in the capitol 's labs .
muddy banks covered in tangled water plants lead to large rocks that increase in size until i begin to feel somewhat trapped .
just mud , the plants , the base of the rocks .
most of what i judge to be his body is actually under a layer of mud and plants .
the mud and plants seem to have imprisoned him and i finally have to give a gigantic tug to break him from their clutches .
show me some plants to gather and that way we 'll both be useful . ''
he 'd bag the waterfowl that nested around the shore , i 'd hunt for eggs in the grasses , and we 'd both dig for katniss roots , the plant for which he named me , in the shallows .
i know she 's hoping for game or wild plants .
the book 's composed of page after page of ink drawings of plants with descriptions of their medical uses .
my father added a section on edible plants that was my guidebook to keeping us alive after his death .
some of the plants he knows already , others we have dried samples of , and others i have to describe .
after that , i carefully print all i know about the plant .
i work my way down at a diagonal , but i find nothing except more lush , green plant life .
for surely there would have been some of the unfamiliar plants surrounding me .
the air grows heavy with trampled plants , the scent of blood , and the musty stink of the monkeys .
but these are n't my plants .
rue with her knowledge of plants .
` ` the jungle 's full of strange creatures and plants .
the earth explodes into showers of dirt and plant matter .
i pick up a few remembrances : a photo of my parents on their wedding day , a blue hair ribbon for prim , the family book of medicinal and edible plants .
my mother hugs the wedding photo tightly against her chest and then places it , along with the book of plants , on our government - issued chest of drawers .
the lack of rain i saw in 12 has damaged the plants here as well , leaving some with brittle leaves , building a crunchy carpet under our feet .
inside is the first beautiful thing i ' ve seen in the district 13 compound : a replication of a meadow , filled with real trees and flowering plants , and alive with hummingbirds .
the plant book , the hunting jacket , my parents ' wedding photo , and the personal contents of my drawer .
they carry everything from lapdogs to jewelry boxes to potted plants .
i wander through the aisles of carefully pruned plants , looking but not touching , because i have learned the hard way how deadly these beauties can be .
this greenhouse is one of his rooms , perhaps his favorite ; perhaps in better times he tended the plants himself .
in the study , where i had my tea with president snow , i find a box with my father 's hunting jacket , our plant book , my parents ' wedding photo , the spile haymitch sent in , and the locket peeta gave me in the clock arena .
i got the idea from our family 's plant book .
with the mines closed , they plow the ashes into the earth and plant food .
in the twenty minutes it took him to make his way to a promising site at the base of a stone cliff , ramon might have climbed past a hundred plants and animals never before seen by human eyes .
between the hand pick and his small field shovel , he cleared away the thin covering of plants and soil , finding hard , solid rock not more than a foot and a half below the surface .
you do n't eat the animals or plants here the way you would if you fuckers had evolved here with them .
green balloons - the hydrogen - bladdered plants they called sky - lilies - dotted the clouds , moving in slow , lazy whorls where the high , thin winds caught them and made them tumble like jellyfish in the sea .
a swath of the ground cover stood higher than the surrounding plants .
the ground , he saw , had been dug up , the plants removed and then laid back on top of the tiny excavation when it was done .
the river plants and streamers of moss below him were his guides as he pushed himself toward the uncertain safety of land .
ramon did n't know if this was some plant the man had known of , the knowledge of which simply had n't returned to his own mind yet , or if it was a lucky discovery - and he did n't care deeply .
the yard was nice and neat as a pin , with the look of being maintained by a service instead of somebody with a passion for plants .
i yanked the wheel , trying to get delilah off the road and into the trees , where roots and plants would slow the progress of liquefying earth , but it was already too late , the wheel turned loosely in my hands , the tires spun without traction .
he might have been talking about the plant , but i knew he was n't .
the tornado hit ground , bounced , ripped up earth and plants and fence and began to roar toward me .
he 'd seen wares crafted from it come through drem 's maw , but had never seen the plants alive .
the tall , slender plants were almost like the lawn of some gigantic creature - which made siris and isa the insects that prowled among the blades of grass .
the black cloth unraveled , turning green , and plants sprouted .
the floor was draped in finely woven mats , the room lined with plants instead of metal .
he pretended to he examining the spider - plant which hung from the hook under the porch eave until she had reached what he deemed a safe distance , then crossed harris avenue to the red apple .
as we traveled further along roads that delved deeper into katrice 's kingdom , the cherry trees gave way to other plants and trees - including rowans .
floral paintings hung on the walls , and elaborate plants spilled out of vases .
it was probably why the trees and plants here were so beautiful .
the rowan land was softer , its life bursting forth easily and radiating through its many trees and plants .
while connecting with the land , i 'd had sex with kiyo , and the energy from that union had empowered the kingdom , breaking the dry spell and sending much - needed rain that made the people and plants flourish .
he was interested in roots and beginnings ; he dived into deep pools ; he burrowed under trees and growing plants ; he tunnelled into green mounds ; and he ceased to look up at the hill - tops , or the leaves on trees , or the flowers opening in the air : his head and his eyes were downward .
no tree grew there , only rough grass and many tall plants : stalky and faded hemlocks and wood - parsley , fire - weed seeding into fluffy ashes , and rampant nettles and thistles .
from the pouch at his belt he drew out the long leaves of a plant .
' these leaves , ' he said , ' i have walked far to find ; for this plant does not grow in the bare hills ; but in the thickets away south of the road i found it in the dark by the scent of its leaves . '
' it is fortunate that i could find it , for it is a healing plant that the men of the west brought to middle - earth .
' i hear nothing but the night - speech of plant and stone , ' he said .
the falling stream vanished into a deep growth of cresses and water - plants , and they could hear it tinkling away in green tunnels , down long gentle slopes towards the fens of entwash vale far away .
how old toby came by the plant ... ' ' you do not know your danger , theoden , ' interrupted gandalf .
sam scrambling below the outfall of the lake , smelling and touching the unfamiliar plants and trees , forgetful for the moment of mordor , was reminded suddenly of their ever - present peril .
a trailing plant with flowers like small white stars had bound itself across the brows as if in reverence for the fallen king , and in the crevices of his stony hair yellow stonecrop gleamed .
why , i have never heard that it had any great virtue ; and indeed i have often said to my sisters when we came upon it growing in the woods : ` ` kingsfoil '' i said , ` ` ' t is a strange name , and i wonder why ' t is called so ; for if i were a king , i would have plants more bright in my garden '' .
' choose one spot as a nursery , and see what happens to the plants there , ' said merry .
boy 412 and jenna ducked and weaved through the bushes , leaving the hunter struggling to find his way through the prickly plants , but all too soon jenna and boy 412 reached the end of the fruit bushes and reluctantly emerged into the exposed grassy space that led down to the duck pond .
the chief cashier opened a small and not very grand door behind the stairs and half hidden by some potted plants .
for older visitors there was of course the cabbage research institute , over which a green pall always hung and downwind of which plants tended to be rather strange and sometimes turned to watch you as you passed .
for the fastidious , it saved a daily resort to dockweed , burdock or other broad - leaved plants .
such plants as survived here stored winter rain in swollen , hollow roots , or lived off the moisture in the sea mist .
i can even see a sense in which the dead things and plants are drawn into man as he studies them and uses and appreciates them .
times when the sky had n't been clogged by smoke and ash , when plants had n't struggled to grow , and when skaa had n't been slaves .
wan , with wilted brown leaves , the plants seemed as depressed as the people who tended them .
low beds containing cultivated bushes and small trees ran through the room , and one wall was made up of enormous oor - to - ceiling windows to provide sunlight for the plants .
though it was dark , kelsier knew that the plants would all be of slightly different colors than the typical brown - some would be white , others ruddy , and perhaps even a few light yellow .
on burglaries or scouting missions , she had occasionally seen ornamental plants , but she 'd never given them much heed - they , like many noble interests , had seemed frivolous to her .
she had n't realized how beautiful the plants could be when arranged carefully .
instead of mundane browns and whites , the cultivated plants were of deeper , more vibrant colors - shades of red , orange , and yellow , with the colors concentrated in their leaves .
when regarded as static items , like a solitary plant , the dresses were only mildly impressive .
` ` the dry plants , the angry sun , the smoky - black sky . ''
it depicted a strange shape - something like a plant , though not one vin had ever seen .
` ` they used to grow on plants , before the ascension .
apparently , these plants were beautiful , and they had a pleasant smell . ''
` ` plants that smell ? ''
i 'd make a world where owers returned , a world with green plants , a world where no soot fell from the sky ... . '' he trailed off , then sighed .
keepers could , perhaps , memorize languages and religions , but they could n't create seeds for plants that had long been extinct .
terris is now a tundra of frozen dirt - why , almost no plants can survive there .
a single stone lantern stood as part of the railing , and some tastefully placed plants lined the corners .
the southern garden was far more spectacular , with its brook , trees , and exotic plants .
they had a scale of colors , and used it to describe the sky of the deepest blue and various plants in their shades of green .
that probably meant ... she 'd been a plant all along .
mare had always kept it with her , dreaming of a future where the sun was n't red , where plants were green ... . vin looked up .
ashless soil , washed clean and fertilized , was a luxury used only for the ornamental plants of noble gardens .
following the dictates of the hadah funeral ceremony , sazed walked over to a nearby tree - or , at least , one of the shrublike plants that passed for trees in this area .
` ` the red sun and brown plants , '' vin said .
` ` red sun and brown plants ?
` ` kelsier said that the sun was once yellow , and plants were green . ''
` ` green plants ?
in addition , the ground around the camp had been completely stripped of plant life , as if it had been grazed by a group of particularly aggressive goats .
they preferred meat , but would eat any kind of plant - even grass , going so far as to pull it up by the roots to eat .
` ` plants would die , people would starve .
flowers and green plants were strange , alien things to these people ; even vin had trouble visualizing them , and she had heard sazed 's descriptions .
it fits with everything else - the yellow sun , the blue sky , the plants ... . '' ` ` yes , but where did you first hear those things ? ''
kill plants .
mistborn llamas burn various kinds of plants to gain super - llaman powers .
the ` ` camp '' was little more than a place where the koloss had tromped down ash and the plants beneath , then dug firepits .
the one that worshipped plants ?
he had to change the world 's plants to make them able to survive in the new , harsh environment .
yet , that change left the plants less nutritious to mankind .
either way , we had him to thank for a world without flowers , where plants grew brown rather than green , and where people could survive in an environment where ash fell from the sky on a regular basis .
back in the lord ruler 's reign , everything was brown , and most plants grown outdoors looked as if they were on the very edge of sickly death .
was n't kelsier alway1s talking about plants being green , once ?
` ` most people with whom i have spoken seem to find the concept of green plants rather odd . ''
i figure while she 's at it , she might as well bring back the plants and the flowers .
` ` still , it would be nice to see those green plants our kelsier always spoke of .
it would n't change the fact that the plants were dying and the world was ending .
it contained an aged , fading drawing of a strange plant .
` ` what if we grew plants that need very little light ? ''
` ` there are plants that do n't need light ? ''
` ` there have to be other plants , too , '' ham said .
some plants have to be able to live on that . ''
` ` plants we ca n't eat , my dear man , '' breeze pointed out .
perhaps we 'll find plants that can grow without sunlight .
ham , send word to luthadel and tell penrod to have our scholars work on culturing plants that can grow in very little sunlight .
it seemed a waste of resources to let the army stagnate , even if the creatures could apparently eat even the dead plants beneath the ash to survive .
he 'd known that she dreamed of days when plants flourished and the sky was not red .
it was the only plant left in the garden ; the rest had been torn up and plowed under , leaving behind blackish brown earth .
a part of him wanted to ask - to be brash , as the survivor would have been , and hop down to demand of this solemn , solitary girl why she stared at that plant with such melancholy .
they never understood that without the microbes and plants rashek had developed to break down the ash particles , the land would quickly have been buried .
the subtlety displayed in the ash - eating microbes and enhanced plants shows that rashek got better and better at using the power .
during that time , rashek began as an ignorant child who shoved a planet too close to the sun , grew into an adult who could create ashmounts to cool the air , then finally became a mature artisan who could develop plants and creatures for specific purposes .
men began to shuffle as the mists appeared , sprouting in the air like growing plants .
so , instead of plants that died from the distorted sun and ashy ground , we got plants that did n't provide quite enough nutrition .
so , instead of plants that died from the distorted sun and ashy ground , we got plants that did n't provide quite enough nutrition .
the plants did grow , however .
sazed 's troop passed field after field , each one budding with brown plants .
even as sazed walked down the hillside , he could see people brushing away the ash from the ground , letting the natural plant life poke through to provide grazing for the animals .
the scrub that formed the dominant foliage in the central dominance was a resilient , hardy group of plants , and they were adapted to ash , and did n't need as much water as farm crops .
if you 're going to find plants that survive despite the daymists , you 'll have to grow them here . ''
even where he sat , atop a windswept hill , there was a layer of ash smothering the plant life .
the microbes1 broke it down about as rapidly as it fell , but when there was so much of it that it oversaturated the soil , it became more difficult for plants to survive .
ash fell so steadily that it smothered and killed , and the world 's plant life died off .
` ` they do n't let enough sunlight through for most plants . ''
it was like finding a beautiful plant growing alone in a field of burnt ash .
but from what i now know of sunlight and plant development , i realize that our crops were n't in as much danger from misty days as we feared .
we might very well have been able to find plants to eat that did not need as much light to survive .
already , most of the plant life on the planet was dead .
that brought death to the plants of the world , and created the threat that became known as the deepness .
the ash had killed the plants .
from the canzi teachings about the body , sazed determined that the physiology of mankind had changed - either by the lord ruler 's intention or by simple evolution - to adapt to breathing ash and eating brown plants .
it was the last religion sazed had ever taught , and with its poems about color and nature , he could restore the plants , sky , and landscape to the way they had once been .
and he restored flowers to the plants that had once borne them .
such a strange color for plants .
spook stepped forward , moving among the plants .
move a plant , and it would change and adapt to the environment around it .
the vines moved under my hands like something more alive than a plant .
by the glow of our bodies i saw dead plants .
dead branches and bits of plant poking and biting at me .
` ` without warmth and water , plants wither and die . ''
and even staring at my own hand , i could n't tell you what plant it was that grew and flowered there .
rhys was just beyond him , covered in blue and red lines , too - and there were other figures in the dark covered in green and blue lines , and images of flowering plants .
i had to close my eyes against the push of dead leaves and plants .
around me the tiny plants unfurled tiny leaves , and the world suddenly smelled of thyme , that sweet , green herb scent that sholto had said he sensed when i was smelling roses .
at that thought , the plants around my ankle were suddenly tinged with yellow .
some of the leaves on some of the plants turned silver , others became pale yellow , and some that bright sunny yellow .
` ` and the plants changed , '' he said .
even as we watched , the delicate plants wove like living fingers through his hair , creating a wreath of thyme and mint .
only the most delicate of the plants , entwining themselves as we watched .
he raised a hand , and the moving plants touched his fingers as they had touched my ankle .
the plant wove itself into a ring as we watched - a ring that bloomed on his hand , the delicate spray of white blossoms more precious than any jewel .
i thought it and had my answer ; one of the most magical of plants .
the plants brushed against me as if they were little hands .
` ` four - leaf clover is the most powerful plant protection from faerie , '' i said .
a plant , when cooked and stewed correctly , could do the trick , but it was highly addictive .
` ` but there is this plant that is totally the equivalent of ten tequila shots , but that is neither here nor there .
she kicked out , and a plant crashed to the floor .
there was a plant and a stand shattered across the area rug .
more evidence i was n't where i should be , because i had a thumb of death when it came to plants .
off to the left was a dining table and , beyond that , an entrance to a sunroom full of plants and chaise lounges .
with all the plants , it gave the illusion of being outside- and not caged up all alone with the sexiest and rudest alien in the universe .
the foyer was virtually empty with the exception of a few leafy , potted plants .
the stalks - one could hardly call them trunks - rose smooth and round , and surprisingly thin , for about forty feet : above that , the huge plants opened into a sheaf - like development , not of branches but of leaves , leaves large as lifeboats but nearly transparent .
the whole thing corresponded roughly to his idea of a submarine forest : the plants , at once so large and so frail , seemed to need water to support them , and he wondered that they could hang in the air .
there seemed to be some paler and slenderer plants than he had noticed before amongst the purple ones : he hardly attended to them , for his eyes were busy searching the ground - so obsessed was he with the reptile fears and insect fears of modern imagining .
as far as eye could reach he saw nothing but the stems of the great plants about him receding in the violet shade , and far overhead the multiple transparency of huge leaves filtering the sunshine to the solemn splendour of twilight in which he walked .
they were slenderer , and very much higher , than giraffes , and were eating the leaves off the tops of the purple plants .
he was staring about him with some idea of attempting this feat , when he noticed that the devastation wrought by the leaf - eating animals had opened a vista overhead beyond the plant tops to a collection of the same greenish - white objects which he had seen across the lake at their first landing .
here , he understood , was the full statement of that perpendicular theme which beast and plant and earth all played on malacandra - here in this riot of rock , leaping and surging skyward like solid jets from some rock fountain , and hanging by their own lightness in the air , so shaped , so elongated , that all terrestrial mountains must ever after seem to him to be mountains lying on their sides .
he recognized it instantly as it moved slowly ( and , he thought , stealthily ) between two of the denuded plant tops - the giant stature , the cadaverous leanness , the long , drooping , wizard - like profile of a sorn .
later on , there were lettuce - like plants about the height of a terrestrial birch tree .
what he did tell them fired the imagination of the hrossa : they all began making poems about the strange handra where the plants were hard like stone and the earth - weed green like rock and the waters cold and salt , and hmana , lived out on top , on the harandra .
` ` but maleldil will not stop the plants growing . ''
` ` hyoi , if you had more and more young , would maleldil broaden the handramit and make enough plants for them all ? ''
once the worlds were hot within and brought forth life , but only the pale plants , the dark plants .
once the worlds were hot within and brought forth life , but only the pale plants , the dark plants .
a cluster of desks sat under one of the windows while a lone plastic plant guarded the door .
when the un - man could not get animals it was content with plants .
- a matter which might have been more simply provided for , as it was in many of the plants .
several fountains chuckled quietly within , and growing plants were everywhere but upon the several bookshelves spaced around the walls .
it is some kind of mold or fungus that grows in the vord 's wake , killing all other plant and animal life . ''
in some places , even some of the plants had been systematically destroyed .
the keepers seemed to pack the living and the dead , plant and animal alike , beneath the surface of the croach with equal amounts of indifference .
` ` from what i read in lararl 's study , it depends on several things - temperature , weather , how much plant cover is on the ground , as well as how large it already is . ''
dried up old seeds went in the ground , fresh young plants sprang up .
he 'd never known plants to grow so fast and luxuriantly .
stairways led up and down to different floors , and there was a fountain and a grove of potted plants that looked too healthy to be real .
they werestanding so still among the potted plants and fountains that windle passed them at first , assuming that they were some sort of statue or piece of esoteric furniture .
` ` whatever you 're thinking of doing , '' said doreen , picking up a potted plant and holding it like a club , ` ` i hope you do it fast . ''
when the casualties were cleared away the survivors went on to polka , mazurka , fox - trot , turkey - trot and trot a variety of other plants and beasts , and then to those dances where people form an arch and other people dance down it , which are incidentally generally based on folk memories of executions , and other dances where people form a circle , which are generally based on folk memories of plagues .
his eyes were n't quite good enough to make out what it was , but he had been a cop long enough to know it was probably either the name of a rock group or a badly executed drawing of a marijuana plant .
` ` pass through the door on the other side of the altar and you gon na find yourself in a garden where all the plants n flowers are dead !
it appeared to be the only living thing in this still - life , its leaves long and green and narrow , gleaming like the leaves of a freshly oiled avocado plant .
what sounds there were , were made chiefly by the plants .
the dark side was as wet as the white side was dry , and full of the most extraordinary plants and creatures , which i would tell you about , if roverandom had taken any particular notice of them .
sage stayed pressed to my wrist , like one of those old wooden carvings of the tiny fairies riding broomstraw , except my wrist was the whisk of a plant and his power did ride me , rode me like the wingless fey were supposed to ride the small flowering plants .
sage stayed pressed to my wrist , like one of those old wooden carvings of the tiny fairies riding broomstraw , except my wrist was the whisk of a plant and his power did ride me , rode me like the wingless fey were supposed to ride the small flowering plants .
that , and she is choosing plant and agricultural deities for you .
` ` only that it was after conri 's torture that the queen began to fixate on multiple lovers for meredith and that most of them should be plant or agricultural deities . ''
briac was just another form of the name brian , and had nothing to do with plants or agriculture .
i knew that brii was some sort of plant deity , or had been , but beyond that his name kept its secrets .
i mean , how strange is that we bring plant sex organs to people we 're attracted to ?
instead , they 're like , ' here , have some plant genitalia and aphrodisiacs . ' ''
the cacti and other desert plants stood painted in shadows and moonlight cast from a full silver moon .
night insects sang in the trees around us , and the smell of dirt , fresh growth , and decaying plants permeated the air .
the dull - colored stretches of sandy dirt adorned with splotches of green from low shrubs and plants .
a moment later , shrubby patches of grass shot up from that dirt , along with small , scraggly plants .
many of the trees and plants had lost leaves , turning brown and yellow as winter deepened .
` ` they 're still alive , '' she told me , assessing plants with an expert eye .
we ended up buying several plants she called christmas roses , plus some bulbs she warned might or might not come up in the spring .
we drank it outside as we finished the last of our plants , finally sitting back and admiring our handiwork .
even with a plant and a prepped costume , it never goes off quite as well .
it was almost as if the longer you tried to see the plants , and the stone walkway between them , the more your eye could n't make sense of them .
there was the sound of plants moving at speeds that no natural plant was ever meant to move , a dry , slithering rustling that made me look around .
there was the sound of plants moving at speeds that no natural plant was ever meant to move , a dry , slithering rustling that made me look around .
sometimes when plants moved like that it was to simply make a new piece of faerie , but sometimes it was to attack .
i suppose the same is true in reverse , but i was n't going to hurt the plants by accident , and i was n't so sure that the whispering , hurrying plants would grant me the same safety .
i suppose the same is true in reverse , but i was n't going to hurt the plants by accident , and i was n't so sure that the whispering , hurrying plants would grant me the same safety .
but there were other fields with vegetables , where the plants were small , just breaking above the surface of the rich earth .
the fact that it was solid underfoot - and i knew that if i walked down i 'd be able to touch the plants , rub the grain between my hands , and see the kernels free of the dry husks , all of it real - did n't change the fact that it was both real and not .
its entrance was shrouded by long trailing plants rooted in crevices above , but within there was a steep stony path going upward in the dark .
' and we do not teach men to find them , for men are greedy and thriftless , and would not spare till all the plants had perished ; whereas now they pass them by as they go blundering in the wild .
simply combining two nonpoisonous plants did n't mean the result would n't be deadly .
laurel 's side of the room was draped with green plants , herbs , and flowers .
she 'd put a potted plant and a coat rack in it , and talked excitedly of the space they 'd have when the new building was finished , but william reckoned that however big it was it would never be neat .
there were some cheerful window boxes , but they were full of dead plants ; what a shock .
maybe light some candles without matches , if they were fire ; maybe grow out - of - season plants , if they were earth .
' here , take these plant sex organs . '
` ` there is different air around plants .
cariena had a knack for helping plants grow , kind of like shaya .
he wanted to know everything about our country and language and ancestors and gods , and even our plants and flowers .
down by the river ; you know the little plant with the purple spots on its stalk .
yet i questioned him much about what he called the physical parts of philosophy , about the seminal fire , and how soul arises from blood , and the periods of the universe ; and also about plants and animals , and the positions , soils , airs , and governments of cities .
there was only a small grassy clearing within almost curved walls of rock , spiky - leaved plants like ivy and a few sapling trees protruding almost horizontal from cracks , and the overhang standing above with the quality of an empty sentinel post .
it was the queerest place temeraire had ever seen : even the taklamakan , which had been empty and barren and cold and of no use to anyone , had not looked so very wrong - at the oases , there had been poplar - trees , and proper grass ; and where there was no water , there were no plants growing ; and the ground had not looked so peculiar at all .
` ` even the plants will attack , '' said ares .
then he could smell the decaying plant life and hear the mechanical chatter of the insects .
gregor had nothing but bad memories of the place , with its poisonous frogs , flesh - eating plants , and stretches of quicksand .
so closely did they resemble the vines that gregor could still not distinguish them from the plants unless he saw the heads .
the image of ripred , fighting off the humans in the arena , shredding the plants that held the yellow pods , in battle with the ants .
gregor slipped out the back and found himself waist deep in some kind of wheatlike plants .
` ` it 's one of those killer plants !
they definitely were n't plants .
each human , bat , or mouse body was placed on a small raft of some kind of woven plant fiber .
he 'd been ensnared and eaten by giant carnivorous plants .
the long vines of certain plants crept onto the banks .
our cattle live off the plants , but they are unfit for humans to eat , '' said solovet .
gregor saw no sign of life , either animal or plant .
a junglelike growth of twisted plants covered areas that were not in the lava 's path .
well , whatever they used , these plants were doing fine .
there were even potted plants dripping with pink flowers .
neveeve turned a page in the book and revealed an ink drawing of a plant that had distinctive star - shaped leaves .
` ` this plant .
this plant , neveeve , it grows nowhere else ? ''
` ` they 're just plants , '' said lapblood .
` ` some are just plants .
chapter 14 while gregor was wondering if he had enough nerve to walk into a jungle full of deadly plants , hamnet organized the more mundane aspects of the trip .
unless one of them broke on the ground , the fire inside would not damage the plants .
` ` or plants ! ''
the air became thick and pungent with the smell of decaying plants .
gregor was some twenty yards into the vines before he realized he was stampeding over the plants like a buffalo .
` ` hamnet said something about the plants attacking us , '' said gregor .
have you even seen one plant make any kind of move to stop us ? ''
he shone his flashlight around the grove of plants .
there were long leafy stems curling high above their heads , but these plants also had big graceful yellow pods dangling horizontally from the greenery .
when she was in midair , a long vine whipped out from another plant and wrapped around her waist .
her claws slashed at the vine , severing it , and the entire grove of plants went wild .
he tried to squirm free but the plants were far too powerful .
the plant was pulling him toward one of the gaping yellow mouths .
unfortunately , the plants did not free them .
nike , still encumbered with her water bags , was flitting in and out of the vines , raking through the plants with her claws .
she held her own for a bit , but there were too many plants shooting tendrils at her .
the air filled with shreds of plant matter as ripred went into one of his spinning attacks .
i killed the plant that did it !
that the plants here could kill ?
` ` with the plants .
the ordeal with the plants had been physically exhausting , but gregor knew that was not what was weighing her down .
now it was a matter of trying to step between plants .
but later , the plants had attacked so quickly ... .was that the answer ?
after i saved your sorry hide from those plants ?
` ` take ease , gregor , the plants are harmless in this part of the jungle , '' said hamnet .
he did n't want either of the kids running around out there , even if the plants were supposed to be harmless .
` ` i suppose that refers to the plant that is the cure .
he took a piece of charred vine from the edge of the fire and drew the plant on the stone as he remembered it from neveeve 's book .
it was like a magnificent garden with those multicolored blossoms and that glorious smell and ... then he remembered the plants that had taken mange 's life .
was this just a large - scale version of the plant that ate mange ?
but instead of just one plant , a whole variety had worked out this enticing trap together ?
but avoid touching any plant .
` ` right , these plants have bad things like wolves in them , so you stay right here on the path , okay ? ''
did the plants themselves have eyes ?
he held up a handful of plants .
he plucked a leaf from the plant and took a deep sniff .
then gregor could see a green field ... .that must be the starshade ... .what a dumb name for a plant since there were no stars down here or shade , either , since there was no sun .
the plants ... the pretty plants ... wove around his arms and fingers ... .he had never seen anything so amazing in his life !
the plants ... the pretty plants ... wove around his arms and fingers ... .he had never seen anything so amazing in his life !
` ` the sooner we can harvest these plants the better . ''
` ` if the plague germ floats in the air or grows on the plants or sleeps dormant in this earth where we stand , be sure it will make its way into your blood as well . ''
the plants were only about eighteen inches tall , so they were not long enough for tying around bundles of the stuff .
boots and hazard really were n't much help , either , so they went back to picking plants .
they had a huge pile of the plants now .
` ` is it some kind of plant ? ''
already , a quarter of the starshade plants had been shredded , chewed , trampled to bits .
do n't save each other , save the plants !
eventually , he could feel the starshade bundles scraping the backs of his calves as he took one final stand at the stack ... and then they swarmed over him , knocking him into the bundles of plants .
ruined bits of plants lay ground into the earth , which was sodden with an evil - smelling lilac goo .
it should lead close enough to the tunnels , and the plants wo n't have had time to recover yet - '' ripred noticed no one was moving .
no , it seemed it was only destructive to plants .
she 'd said all right , but a dollar for a fancy bottle of water with some plant food in it was a bit steep .
what had the locals called these plants ?
the unnatural heat of the previous autumn had stretched well into winter , pressing upon the land a drought that had baked the life from all but the most vigorous plants .
despite the problems in the tower , despite the rotted plants , she was buoyed by the scent of life in the room - the freshly turned earth and growing plants .
despite the problems in the tower , despite the rotted plants , she was buoyed by the scent of life in the room - the freshly turned earth and growing plants .
the plants were more ornamentation than egwene would have expected in the quarters of a white , but ferane was reported to be a shade on the vain side .
at the top of the hillside , not a single plant was free of the spots .
there was an oily sense of death to the blight , of plants barely surviving , kept alive like prisoners starved to the very edge of mortality .
it was a common enough plant , and had a very bitter flavor .
` ` did it occur to you that the boy nynaeve found was a plant ?
the solution was a small garden full of plants that thrived in the shade .
the field was spotted with empty patches where seeds had inexplicably refused to take root , and the plants that were growing had a yellowish cast to them .
it was a grim place to ride ; not a plant grew on it .
he 'd seen insects attack a crop ; he 'd seen plants lost to flood , to drought , or to negligence .
the disturbing thing was , the plants here seemed better than many they 'd passed along the way .
within minutes , many of the plants were more brown than they were green or yellow .
there were no plants here , only a very sandy soil .
scour as many of the tainted plants as you can .
` ` and every plant we found with a hint of blight has been burned to ash .
he hated the scent of that trampled , stagnant mud mixed with rotting dead plants .
such strange plants they were , with those roots that dipped into the water .
few other plants had bloomed in this terrible summer , and those that did had wilted .
rivers so wide you can not see the other side , plants so full of water they burst when squeezed ? ''
she 'd rubbed them with the sap of a segade plant , but she could still feel them throbbing .
in a world where other plants were dying without explanation , this one healed and flourished faster than ever should have been possible .
could dead plants look both sickly and vibrant at the same time ?
the reality spread from him like a wave , blackness fading from the plants .
he tried not to look at the black spots on the plants .
stepping softly in these wet lands , with their lush plants , presented different challenges than the three - fold land did .
now , she knew these wetland plants should not look so wan and ... and hollow .
hollow plants .
they seemed to be one of the only plants that had n't died off completely .
the plants were not doing well .
there was a sense of life to that , though the plants were dreary .
no plants sprouted on these rocks , not even mold or lichen .
well , if there was one thing mankind was not lacking , it was dead plants .
a sweltering heat , plants covered in spots of darkness , a scent of something awful in the air .
` ` i ' ve told you , do n't draw close to plants !
and there seemed to be fewer plants , too .
a ground of slimy soil , plants speckled with black , trees with limbs that drooped like arms bereft of strength .
he was in the blight ; the plants made that clear .
she channeled air , building a swirling storm of dust , smoke and dead plants .
the air smelled different to her - of plants she did not recognize , and of seawater .
aviendha stayed low , only to see that the valley had begun to sprout - incredibly - new plants .
the once - barren ground turned vibrantly green , the plants seeming to writhe as they grew tall .
patches of those plants sprouted all across the valley , violent bursts of greenery .
she crouched as she ran , using the newly grown plants as cover .
` ` and if we do not '' , another said , ` ` and wake instead , then we will at least water the earth with our blood and let our bodies nourish the plants that will now grow here '' .
perrin had barely noticed the plants growing , incongruously , green and vibrant in the valley .
in the wolf dream , perrin stumbled across a rocky wasteland without plants or soil .
the last flickers of light showed plants growing here , flowers blooming , grass growing up around fallen weapons and over corpses .
he regarded his pipe , riding up a little incline to the side of thakan dar , now covered in plants .
the small sheaf is crammed with all sorts of info about the island , its history , dimensions , wildlife , plant life , natural formations .
my mother softly sang to me : ` ` it is the lord who gives salvation even unto kings , it is the lord who delivered even david from the hateful sword ; let our sons grow as plants grow , and let our daughters be cornerstones , polished as if they were the cornerstones of the palace ... happy is that people , whose god is the lord . ''
some people even had plants in pots on their roofs , small fruit trees and plants i did n't know .
some people even had plants in pots on their roofs , small fruit trees and plants i did n't know .
buildings went up in sepphoris as if they were plants growing wild in a marsh .
the western conservatory was filled with dead plants in colorful old oriental pots .
he went all through the ground floor , peering into the closets and pantries that were everywhere , finding all as it had been , except that old abandoned conservatory had been thoroughly cleaned , and all the dead plants taken away , and the black granite floor tidily swept .
he wanted a lot of new plants for the conservatory - orange trees , ferns , and bougainvillea - could galton handle that ?
there were books on the table , old and new , all having to do with the forest , the wildlife , or the plants native to muir woods and to the mountain .
would galton order any other plants that he could ?
galton had installed a great many new plants in the conservatory , and even sought to arrange them in some decent fashion .
laura knew all about the plants , and suggested others that reuben might love .
if reuben wanted , she could order plants for this room , and large trees .
and a handsome victorian white enameled woodstove was found to take the chill out of the room and provide a warmth the plants would welcome , as well as reuben and laura dining every night before the fountain on the white marble table .
she taught reuben the names of all the trees , how to recognize the california bay tree , and the maple , and how to tell the fir from the redwood , and how to recognize a host of other plants and ferns .
` ` there was a holy man on the island , '' he said , ` ` what we call now a shaman , a mystic of sorts who imbibed the few plants there that could intoxicate and induce madness and trance .
evil , hate you , kill you , full - blown evil , reeking like a carnivorous plant .
laura and felix took christine throughout the whole conservatory , explaining all the various tropical plants to her .
she asked what father jim golding thought about these plants .
and more tropical plants .
the gardens beyond the window were immaculate and perfect with flowers and plants that i should know the names of but did n't .
according to local legend , this space had served as the setting for many an orgy for babylon 's rich and famous , but it was also home to the madam 's famous collection of poisonous plants , which was famous in cauldron lore .
and in the very center , the wide branches of a brugmansia plant with its large , drooping angel trumpet flowers .
but morales stopped next to a plant bearing bright red berries .
` ` every plant in that bed is lethal .
` ` if i get a chance at this asshole , i will fertilize my night plants with his blood . ''
because those hateful words had already crawled inside baba 's ears and planted inside her brain like some of aphrodite 's poisonous plants .
` ` any idea what the plant is ? ''
the plant beside the message had little starburst clusters of white flowers .
` ` all i need to know is that we have proof the mayor was involved in illicit dealings with a known prostitute who is known to grow poisonous plants , '' duffy countered , ` ` and he was found wearing accessories common in sex play , dead from apparent poisoning . ''
these powerful wizards controlled access to certain rain - forest plants the united states now controlled due to their use in dirty potions .
uncle sam preferred to sell those flowers , herbs , and plants to big magic companies .
chapter ten adrian made a fire out of plants , scrub and other things i would n't have thought to use , starting it by rubbing twigs together fast enough to get a spark .
there were a myriad of flowers and other plants growing there and she touched them all , stopping to smell the flowers , marveling at the silky feel of one of the blossoms , amazed that there were flowers at all when winter winds blew .
the words meant nothing , but there were pictures on some of the pages - pictures of animals and plants and people .
plants and flowers bloomed here in rich abundance , nourished by the strength of his power .
holding channa leigh 's hand , he walked her through the yard , describing the trees , the plants , the flowers , the birds .
the garden was like a fairyland , filled with plants in myriad shades of green and flowers in all the colors of the rainbow - bright reds and blues , violet and lavender , yellow and orange and pink .
she walked through the flowers , pausing to touch this one , to smell that one , to stare in wonder at a tall plant with brilliant white flowers and sharp black thorns .
when she reached out to touch it , the wolf growled and pushed himself between her and the plant .
she turned away from the white flower , the forbidden plant quickly forgotten .
there was no longer anything green in the greenhouse , except for a dozen fake plants - squat christmas trees with plastic bristles , fabric lilies , improbable plastic orchids , and even a miniature palm tree - crammed into one corner of the rectangular space .
what plants did remain were dry , brown , and brittle .
for the first time since entering the greenhouse caroline saw , suddenly , what it had become : the sad plastic simulacrum , the withered plants crying out for water , the boxes of old christmas decorations and dirty wooden shelves , still imprinted with watermarks and ghostly rings where flowerpots and planters had once stood .
i knew what she meant , but i did n't think it was the right time to tell her : about my dad playing tug - of - war with his buddy 's privates , about my mom babbling to jesus in nonsense words behind the chipped white doors of the holy light pentecostal church , and bleaching the walls until plants withered in their vases and cats asphyxiated on our doorstep .
for one plant ?
george is ridiculously sensitive to the pollen of all genus pleurothallis plants .
the guy took the plant from marcus and placed it behind a weeping willow outside cukors front gate .
chapter 3 the next morning , dean was in the greenhouse comparing the list of miss kirkes favourite flowers with the young plants he had grown from seed .
he had forgotten how lovely she lookedhow her lovely chestnut locks escaped the pins confining them and curled about her slender white neck , how the dramatic billows of her gown accentuated her tiny waist so that she reminded him of a leggy seedling that could be broken by the buffeting of nature , how her appearance stirred in him the same curious desire to care and protect that his plants evoked .
well , i was looking for the plants you had requested when i was distracted by the bewitching sight of a maiden and a deer .
these plants will not tolerate the lack of sunlight here , he responded .
i could show you some plants that come from the carolinas .
a few ordinary - looking plants were barely visible under a blanket of dried ferns .
the tender young plants need to be protected in the winter .
mark ye that it is a north - facing wall protecting the plants from the hottest sun of the midday .
he bent down and began removing some of the ferns from a group of plants .
well , there seems to be a great deal of work that you must do to keep exotic plants alive in our cold , damp climate .
will the rebellion in the americas make it more difficult for you to obtain these exotic plants ?
there are plants here from other countries as well .
there are chinese plants and alpines and shrubs from the falkland islands and what about plants that come from scotland ?
there are chinese plants and alpines and shrubs from the falkland islands and what about plants that come from scotland ?
trying to ignore the annoying strand , she dug the hole deeper and plopped in the plant .
she patted it firmly and admired the plant .
she walked past the seedlings that dean had planted in the shade of a great elm on the morning when he had set aside his work to talk to her about the exotic plants of the carolinas .
what could he offer her , beyond teaching her the names of a few plants ?
mr . dean has been so kind as to teach me the names of some of the plants and their methods of cultivation .
yes , i do , for surely one day i will be the mistress of a great estate , and i will be responsible for overseeing the choice of plants and the correct procedure of planting them .
i can assure you that i know no more about flowering plants than that they are beautiful to look upon .
i was just saying to mr . fitzwilliam that it will be difficult to get plants from the new world now that the rebellion is in progress .
she should think of the good times when he had tried to teach her the latin names of all the plants .
george was unperturbed by his brothers demanding voice and menacing stance , and as a result , the battle between man and plant carried on regardless .
not surprisingly , the ostracised frances and george sat at a distance from the group , and while louisa burbled on about the necessity of having a formal christmas , george proceeded to dismember the leaf of a pot plant that was tickling the back of his neck .
were in a conservatory , george , and the room is filled with pot plants .
no sooner had she entered the room , she secreted herself behind one of the densest looking palms , hoping the plants foliage would be sufficient enough to hide her from view .
jamie had gone to church each week with mrs . chilcott , allowing himself one day off a week , but the rest of the week he and rob had been too busy taking down the dried tobacco plants from the rafters in the shed , stripping the leaves from the stalks and pressing them into hogsheads for shipment and just generally trying to get through each day without dropping dead from exhaustion .
and then there was the excited finger pointing and constant questions about birds and flying bugs and trees and plants and small animals as if he had never seen any of them before in his own back garden .
the stubs of the tobacco plants were brown , dried out and withered , the stems having been cut in late august and the plants hung to dry until the middle of october .
the stubs of the tobacco plants were brown , dried out and withered , the stems having been cut in late august and the plants hung to dry until the middle of october .
and then the final cutting in august , hanging the plants to dry until october and then the stripping of the dried leaves to pack them in hogsheads .
he had been amazed when he had seen what robert had accomplished , planting and tending ten thousand plants on three acres of land all by himself !
there was a moment of silence as robert remained thoughtful , his mind remembering the small , neat two - room home where beatrice warren had lived , her herbs and plants hanging from the open rafters and over the fireplace .
robert could still picture the pixie - like woman as he had last seen her , her black hair covered by a kerchief , dirt smudges on her cheeks , her green eyes the same color as the leaves of the culvers root plant that she was holding in her hand .
and she had taught them wonderful things about healing with plants and unconditional love , but not enough .
everything he and jamie knew about life in this colony they had learned from him ; how to survive off of the native plants and animals , how to hunt and fish , and how to run a prosperous plantation .
maybe ill be able to talk them off of the plants with pretty words and my nose in the air .
a tired answer to a tired question ; but even plants and the very rocks of the earth have souls ( do nt take my word for it , read giordano bruno ) .
as there was no combat injuries to heal , she spent most of her time learning about the healing qualities of herbs and plants .
` ` no - i have just reread all three of them and there is no mention of any herbs or plants . ''
fea , as soon as everyone was settled in , began a daily ritual of surveying the island to locate any interesting plants .
within a week she discovered dandelion and one of the farmers wives showed her where liquorice plants grew .
the soil was rough and unforgiving , and few trees , or plants even , grew there .
clusters of exotic plants dried in the corners , and large jars of medicinal oils stood like dumb children in the various rooms .
i know a plant , hellebore .
the two exited through the backyard , which was overgrown with cultivated plants , both medicinal and dietary , but trudged beyond , up the rocky slope and then down into a shrub - covered ravine .
myrrhine wondered what the marvelous plant would look like that would save her daughter from the dreaded seizures .
she asked , ` ` how dangerous is it , the plant i mean . ''
i 'll harvest the plant and prepare the posset .
the persians would be upon them before the plant was broth .
no sooner had she spoken than she stooped at a plant with pale - pink flowers and lobed deep - green leaves .
she took the two - edged sword from the basket , drew a circle round the plant and shoved the blade into the ground next to it .
myrrhine did as requested and wondered at all the precautions for harvesting a plant the essence of which melaina would have to drink .
` ` i need the oil because i 'll handle the plant .
kleito anointed her face and arms , then bent to the task of digging up the plant with the sword while standing on its east side .
once the plant was fully exposed and lifted free , kleito , skin glistening with oil , cleaned the dark earth from it and , cutting the slender lower roots from its base , stuffed the irregular nodular pieces in a leather bag , cinched it tight .
then she replanted the remaining foliage , said a few words in defense of her actions , and that she 'd wished the plant no harm .
as an aid to digestion , she gave melaina a decoction of purslane , picking the tiny yellow - flowered plant from the garden according to kleito 's instructions , and tried to follow it with sweet cretan wine , but melaina protested .
all listened in respectful silence as that lady expounded her views on the gardens design , and revealed the plants latin botanical names to her audience with the assurance of an expert in that field .
there is a small post office ; a grocery with a little bread ; and a bigger general store with work boots , cheap carpets , plastic plants , and a disproportionate amount of funeral supplies , a symbol of the towns moribund state .
it was as if they had discovered him , like a child discovers a new and mysterious plant in the garden , one that he has never noticed before .
the trees and plants .
soon the plants will begin to die back , and the earth turn to the darkness .
* * * beneath sironas feet the bracken and cane brake was a dull bronze , and as she passed a blackthorn bush , she saw that the plants bluish fruits were almost gone , picked clean by birds and squirrels .
the earth and most of the plants and trees would sleep through the coming season of cold and snow .
your garden uses water , stones , and plants to create designs that seem almost like the marble floors of your palace . ''
then the procession arrived : women of the zenana rode into the courtyard on palanquins , in a flower - bedecked line bearing hennaa red paste extracted from the plant of the same nameand gifts sent from layla to allaudin .
furthermore , the english infantry first garrisoned there soon proved themselves base , slothful rogues , who would neither dig nor plant , and in short time many sought to defect to the spaniards for want of rations .
his appeal to new englanders to come and plant was in like manner scorned .
and i ' m to know eggs are not to grow on plants . ''
colorful banners and wall murals of roman life decorated the area , along with the luscious green house plants and the marble statues .
the firmer lands flourished with trees and plants , whether in the form of forests of beech and pine trees or rolling pastures speckled with shrubs of golden flowers .
they ate at the leaves and stems of his plants with little tubed mouths and caused the leaves to curl and wither .
by the end of the day he realized he had damaged some of the plants and the tender soil just by his desperate attempts to catch the insects , and that hardly compared to the deluge of destruction caused by the bugs themselves .
once the smoke drifted over the plants , more of the capsids flew and jumped about .
i suppose a lot of the eggs were on your plants themselves , said godric .
do nt hurt my plants !
i m sorry if i damaged a few of your plants , said godric guiltily .
the swedish botanist in the 1700s who invented the system by which technical names are given to plants and animals today was obsessed with sex and female body parts .
so much that he named many different plants after various parts of the female anatomy .
with literally millions of plants and animals to give names to , they start to run out of variations of the alphabet and whose paying attention anyway ?
he craved this , the community and discussion , each mans voice heard , like a plant craved the sun .
there was a full moon out , turning the branches and leaves of the garden plants to silver , and the air was full of the drugged sweet scent of the early roses all around us , just beginning to bloom .
and then he was gone , threading his way through the plants and back into the house .
the road was on a hill , looking down upon the valley in which the house stood ; and from here she could see the white mansion with the tall , exotic plants seeming to grow up from the back of it like a little piece of the jungle in the middle of surrey .
the white paint cheapened it ; and this , along with the tropical plants and palm trees that were so visible round the back of the house , made it look like a novelty .
he d rather it went to ruin than let the general public snoop around our gardens , taking cuttings of mormors plants , and dropping cigarette butts on the grass .
it was a balmy night and the tropical plants just seemed to add to the atmosphere .
he sat himself down in the midst of the happy red plants and set out to devour .
as he ate , tiny mouthful by tiny mouthful , he imagined that the plants perceived his plight and offered the berries up to him , knowing well what he was doing , and why .
time , that fiend of all that is created , the ever lasting nemesis of all existence , be it man , animal , plant , planet or universe .
in the enormous terrace , he had built several pergolas laden with luxuriant plants , vines and flowery creepers .
we visited halls where scribes , sitting in long tables , meticulously copied texts of different languages , and we finally went out into the gardens to admire exotic species of plants brought from all over the known world .
it was draining into a small pool framed with red flowering plants .
inside that tent for the headquarters staff - was a physician , a young flower priest , equipped with some medical grasses , drugs made of some flowers and plants essences , and pure water for washing infected wounds .
science was , at its best , a study of plants and animals .
profusions of tropical plants sprouted everywhere , some in huge pots others in hanging baskets .
is he a plant ?
their commission was to slay all : men , women , children , animals and plants .
chapter 8 : last night before chars room is spartan , mostly window light nourishing several huge potted plants .
the plants may have recorded this night , their leaves forever marked with the pain , but for him and her the event would ever be an incomplete memory .
were you a plant all alongi mean , is the weatherman trip for you what it was for steve ?
from the animals to the plants to the clarks themselves , there are fields to hoe , seeds to plant , life forms to be cultivated .
we define character as having respect for the environment , indigenous life , meaning the current residents : plants , critters and people who will soon make this community their home . ''
the boys manage to get some crops planted among the stumps , and she is happy to see plants growing .
green trees and plants were non - recurrently , violently burned .
sarah never had to fight plant diseases and garden pests .
it was too hot for beans already and the plants were dying .
she pulled up the bean plants to throw into the compost pile .
she chopped any extra plants that started , giving the one she wanted more room to grow .
she was nt destructive , but neither was she respectful of the plants .
englands plant in the irish secret society had to be removed .
pa knowing everything needed for good living , anton admired his way of teaching while allowing ample time for the boy to roam country around close to home , learning plants used to make medicine while discovering which would cause rash or burning itches .
crushing the plants , he dropped them in a pan , added water and set it to boil .
an amethyst vase , silken rug , eye of horus and ankh talismans on the walls , books , and about one hundred identical ceramic vases filled with herbs and plants in a corner niche decorated the room .
carrying tesh - tesh , he strolled to take view of the estates ranting owner waving his fist and chasing the ever - smiling wakha off the property while the snakes free of the sack slithered under radish and garlic plants , scaring off ducks , goats and workmen in all directions .
where were the fantastic plants and houses he d seen last night even in the dark ?
indicating mehi should copy him , he squirmed down in the bank mud to his neck , pulling plants across his face .
mehi came to a dozen onion plants that leaned into the wind , and a humming .
hours passed before he turned his head to see the withering plants , ashen dirt , bare sycamores and gaunt faces of people grumbling along his promenade .
the church became a mystical flower blossoming in the scent of seasonal plants .
he had been studying herbal plants when he was living in the monastery .
everybody could hear the voices , smell the plants , see the colors , and enjoy the season creating a celestial symphony of heavenly pleasures .
it was mr . upworth who taught us about biology of plants and animals .
he created the soil and the grass and trees and other plants that grow upon the earth ; he created the river that waters our village ; he makes the rain fall and the sun shine , and he even made the great sea that traders have described to us , though i m not sure i believe it exists , a body of water so long and wide it goes on farther than the eye can see , mirroring the sky above it .
if he wondered about a plant or an insect or a rock or a tree or a fish , rather than ask about it , he would slip into the jungle or down to the lake to find what he was looking for and then either examine it then and there or bring it home for further study .
a heavy weapon , whose smaller cousins were used to crush rise and plants to make meal .
scarlett reached down , running the freshly plowed soil between her fingers , stroking the new plants as they made their way through the red georgian dirt .
we need to return him to lios mr where the plant we use to mend bones , is plentiful .
aristotle showed phidias his collections of insects , plants , and animals .
however , i believe that other animals such as beetles and also plants have sexual union . ''
he also has a keen interest in the study of plants and animals . ''
take scholars with you who have knowledge of animals and plants and geography .
it would add immensely to our knowledge to have specimens of plants , animals , and rocks from all of your journeys . ''
i am truly tempted by the opportunity to visit new lands and observe customs , plants , animals , and man - made wonders at first hand .
gorgas has knowledge of animals and plants .
` ` i have collected many specimens of plants and animals from the nile , all the way to the first cataract .
papyrus plants raised their umbrellas and lotuses put out their showy blooms , while flocks of birds glided overhead to resting grounds or waded in the shallows for their lunch .
they studied the customs of foreign peoples , the governments of greek cities , the habits and internal organs of animals , the type and distribution of plants , and the history of science and philosophy .
every now and then aristotle would point out a particularly interesting plant and describe its source and characteristics .
please protect my library and maintain the collection of plants and animals .
i have quite a collection of artifacts , plants and animals , and books .
a great bureaucracy grew that completely managed egypt as a huge state farm , telling the farmers what soil to use and what plants to grow .
he listened as they asked him about some of the new plant and animal organization in his book .
he was an avid gardener and knew every aspect of plants and gardening , having recently written his ninth book on the medicinal properties of plants .
he was an avid gardener and knew every aspect of plants and gardening , having recently written his ninth book on the medicinal properties of plants .
i want to show you some of the new plant specimens that i have obtained from egypt and asia .
he enthusiastically pointed out plants with exotic aromas , ostentatious blooms , or healing powers .
it would nt be long before it would be time to plow and plant .
he spied a short pedestal that held a plant on top .
he went over and removed the plant from the stool and carried it over beneath the sword .
sir gilbert nodded to the servant , who immediately went over to the stool and replaced it and the plant .
he was aware of how rare it is to be born as a living creature , as any sentient being - animal or plant .
insects , animals , and millions of plants died .
it symbolizes the simultaneous nature of cause and effect , because ( unlike other plants ) it seeds and blossoms at the same time .
nichiren taught that all matter and energy possesses the buddha nature ; including sentient beings , such as people and animals ; and insentient beings like rocks , plants , clouds , and rain .
you know lizzie , i have spent my life working with the plants of the earth , using those things that nature has been kind enough to give us , to help us if we only open our eyes and know where to look .
though the baby was not due until early spring , if something should happen in the depths of winter then there was little chance of finding any herbs or plants to help maggie was sensible enough to gather what they needed now , just in case .
this was where the smoke was coming from ; the fire had been lit , and the herbs and plants from the jars were burning , the smoke rising in sickening clouds , the mixed aromas thickening the air .
although skilled in the use of herbs and plants , nothing maggie had given to samuel had made a difference .
and alice was sure that maggie had suffered the same way , though she tried to hide it , knew that it worried her as she watched alice grow and learn about the powers of the plants that grew around them .
they can identify plants and roots which can cure them of snakebite and even from day to day ailments .
the villager was actually a local ayurvedic doctor who was in the jungle in search of medicinal plants and roots .
the tribal man was his guide to find out those specific plants for him .
i can see some orange plants also , and there are so many varieties of fruits .
you ca nt get the seed once it is converted into a beautiful plant .
the seed , water , air , light and soil all together change shape and become a plant .
the plant generates flowers and fruits which is also another variation in form .
the plant eventually dies and becomes part of soil again .
in other words like the dead plant , the body of all animals become part of soil after death .
this world is inhabited by humans , animals , birds , insects and plants .
the seed , water , air , light and the earth all change their shape and become a plant .
the plant grows and gives flowers and fruits .
when the plant dies , again it becomes part of the soil .
the water in the plant either is absorbed in the soil or evaporates .
even from that height will could see the crimson stained rocks and plants about the body .
the force sent her sprawling across the hall , and her shoulder knocked against a plant stand near the dining room door .
there s dew all over everything , and the plants are cool and juicy .
next to them were the raw numbers that represented pea plants analyzed , and in the final columns , the ratios .
from all the hundreds of pea plants analyzed , one ratio stood out over and over again ; 3:1 .
out of every four plants checked that fall , three showed one clear characteristic and the fourth showed a different characteristic .
cigar wrappers were the most difficult and costly to grow and these shade grown leaves had come from the connecticut valley , where the plants had been raised totally under cheese cloth .
avoid all that mushy plant stuff .
c. romer was a clerk in grunewald 's factory , and an enthusiastic collector of plants and plant hybrids from around the brno area .
c. romer was a clerk in grunewald 's factory , and an enthusiastic collector of plants and plant hybrids from around the brno area .
a few naturalists , like himself , who had been intrigued by remarks the monk had made the previous year about plant grafting .
` ` versuche uber pflanzenhybriden '' [ see footnote ] ( experiments with plant hybrids '' ) , he said quietly in german , the language of science in the austrian empire .
` ` good , excellent , '' said theimer enthusiastically , ` ` plant hybrids .
diebl had published a four volume book on plant breeding which had been required reading during mendel 's time there in 1846 .
this important book described how wild plants could be tamed and cultivated into improved forms by artificial pollination .
it also described techniques for crossing one plant with another , blossom anatomy , and , after pollination , how to collect the seeds ; all topics which were to be critical in mendel 's own work .
( return to table of contents ) ~~~ooo~~~ chapter six opening remarks ` ` experience of artificial fertilization , '' mendel began , looking owlishly through his glasses , ` ` such as is effected with ornamental plants in order to obtain new variations in color , has led to the experiments which will here be discussed . ''
after his book , the anatomy and esthetics of plants had been published in 1853 , he has signed a copy and presented it to mendel personally .
delighted at the attention , mendel had reciprocated and allowed brother timothy to examine his own data on plant hybridization .
` ` the value and utility of any experiment is determined by the fitness of the material [ see footnote ] to the purpose for which it is used , and thus in the case before us it can not be immaterial what plants are subjected to experiment and in what manner such experiment is conducted . ''
he continued , ` ` the selection of the plant group which shall serve for experiments of this kind must be made with all possible care if it be desired to avoid from the outset every risk of questionable results . ''
` ` the experimental plants must necessarily : ( 1 ) possess constant differentiating characteristics .
( 2 ) the hybrids of such plants must , during the flowering period , be protected from the influence of all foreign pollen , or be easily capable of such protection .
remembering problems that he had encountered while trying to work with the genus hieracium , brother timothy had slyly suggested to the enthusiastic monk that he try forming hybrids with these plants , knowing full well the difficulties and delays he would encounter .
plants were safe , and the common pea plant , which was napp 's choice , had no religious constituency .
plants were safe , and the common pea plant , which was napp 's choice , had no religious constituency .
in the case of one variety there were noticed , among a larger number of plants all alike , a few forms which were markedly different .
` ` to what species did this pea plants belong ?
but mendel , after getting over the shock of having his talk interrupted , simply shuffled some of his notes , and replied , ` ` according to the opinion of experts , the majority of the plants i used , belong to the species pisum sativum ; while the rest are regarded and classed , some as sub - species of p. sativum , and some as independent species , such as p. quadratum , p. saccharatum , and p .
( return to table of contents ) ~~~ooo~~~ chapter eight the data capitalizing on his small victory , mendel came at once to the heart of his thesis , ` ` if two plants which differ constantly in one or several characters be crossed , numerous experiments have demonstrated that the common characters are transmitted unchanged to the hybrids and their progeny . ''
the experiment resolves itself therefore into just as many separate experiments as there are constantly differentiating characters presented in the experimental plants . ''
` ` each two of the differentiating characters enumerated above were united by cross - fertilization [ see footnote ] , '' he said , and because he never made an unsubstantiated statement , he went on , ` ` there were made for the 1st trial 60 fertilizations on 15 plants .
2nd trial 58 fertilizations on 10 plants .
3rd trial 35 fertilizations on 10 plants .
4th trial 40 fertilizations on 10 plants .
5th trial 23 fertilizations on 5 plants .
6th trial 34 fertilizations on 10 plants .
7th trial 37 fertilizations on 10 plants .
` ` the plants were grown in garden beds , a few also in pots , and were maintained in their natural upright position by means of sticks , branches of trees , and strings stretched between .
for each experiment a number of pot plants were placed during the blooming period in a greenhouse , to serve as control plants [ see footnote ] for the main experiment ... '' the data and the details droned on and on .
for each experiment a number of pot plants were placed during the blooming period in a greenhouse , to serve as control plants [ see footnote ] for the main experiment ... '' the data and the details droned on and on .
even his friends from the monastery and his old schoolteacher , try as they might , lost interest as mendel explained every tiny aspect of pea plant growth and differentiation .
` ` in this generation , '' mendel continued , unaware that he had lost his audience , ` ` there reappear , together with the dominant characters , also the recessive ones with their peculiarities fully developed , and this occurs in the definitely expressed average proportion of 3:1 [ see footnote ] , so that among each 4 plants of this generation 3 display the dominant character and one the recessive .
we often seemed to find hybrids that never looked like the parent plants .
did n't you find any pea plants that were a mixture of your characteristics ? ''
` ` brother gregory , did i hear you correctly when you said that it was not important where and when the seed pods developed on your plants ?
` ` but is it not true that the order in which the pods form on your plants has an important role to play in the manner in which the seeds form ? ''
as if speaking from a long way away , mendel replied , ` ` in some few plants only a few seeds developed in the first formed pods , and these possessed exclusively one of the two characters , but in the subsequently developed pods the normal proportions were maintained nevertheless . ''
` ` as in separate pods , so did the distribution of the characters vary in separate plants .
` ` you reported extremes in the distribution of the two seed characters in one plant . ''
after thinking for a moment , mendel replied , ` ` the two experiments you mention are important for the determination of the average ratios , because with a smaller number of experimental plants they show that very considerable fluctuations may occur .
in some of the seeds of many plants the green color of the albumen is less developed , and at first may be easily overlooked . ''
` ` the cause of this partial disappearance of the green coloring has no connection with the hybrid - character of the plants , as it likewise occurs in the parental variety , '' explained mendel , becoming a bit frustrated .
brother joseph lindenthal was normally a quiet man who was perfectly happy helping mendel with his plants and experiments .
mendel seized on the reprieve , ` ` ahh , yes , thank you brother joseph , in luxuriant plants this appearance was frequently noted .
it is almost superfluous to mention that the pods must remain on the plants until they are thoroughly ripened and have become dried , since it is only then that the shape and color of the seed are fully developed . ''
` ` herr grunewald , '' brother timothy turned to the german textile manufacturer , ` ` am i not right in thinking that the numbers of plants reported in experiments one and two are too small to have statistical significance ? ''
i particularly liked the part where you described how the pea plants were grown . ''
to test this idea mendel crossed plants exhibiting one form of a character , with plants exhibiting the other form , and repeated this experiment for each of the seven characteristics he felt was unique enough to be unambiguous .
to test this idea mendel crossed plants exhibiting one form of a character , with plants exhibiting the other form , and repeated this experiment for each of the seven characteristics he felt was unique enough to be unambiguous .
plants showing one of these forms contained two identical ' elements ' ( both purple flower ' elements ' , for example ) , but only passed one of these two ' elements ' onto their offspring during fertilization .
so he tested this idea by artificially fertilizing one form of a plant ( purple flowers ) using ' elements ' from a plant showing the alternate form ( white flowers ) .
so he tested this idea by artificially fertilizing one form of a plant ( purple flowers ) using ' elements ' from a plant showing the alternate form ( white flowers ) .
this is was carried out by brushing the pollen from one plant onto the stigma of the other .
to test whether his results depended on which plant was donating the pollen ( or egg ) , mendel always carried out each experiment in two ways , something called a ` ` reciprocal cross '' .
using the same plants and the same forms of each trait , one plant first acted as pollen donor and then , in the second ` ` reciprocal '' experiment , as an egg donor .
using the same plants and the same forms of each trait , one plant first acted as pollen donor and then , in the second ` ` reciprocal '' experiment , as an egg donor .
artificial fertilizations were performed by opening the keel , and using a small , delicate paint brush to bring the tiny pollen grains from one plant to the stigma of another .
[ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ differentiating characters mendel realized that the plants he was breeding contained two elements , which we now call genes .
these genes can be damaged by normal and artificial mutagenesis to produce variants which in turn change the appearance of the plant or some part of the plant .
these genes can be damaged by normal and artificial mutagenesis to produce variants which in turn change the appearance of the plant or some part of the plant .
if we represent the gene for normal flower color using a letter ` ` r '' , a ` ` pure breeding '' plant that always produced offspring with normal flowers would contain two of these genes , thus rr .
similarly , if we represent a damaged or mutant gene using the letter ` ` r '' , a plant with two of these genes , rr will show the altered ( mutant ) flower color .
using plants like these he began his ` ` hybridization '' experiments to see how these genes would be transmitted into the hybrids and beyond .
from the patterns of inheritance he observed , he was able to deduce not only what genes the plants carried , but the ` ` laws '' governing their transmittal .
he is very honest about the fact that he simply threw away plants he considered gave him poor or unexplainable results .
a charitable explanation would be that he never had time to carry out all the experiments he wanted , but ... [ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ fertilization fertilization takes place in angiosperm plants when the haploid male nucleus of the male gamete fuses with the nucleus of the female haploid gamete .
in some plants , this is just the wind , but in many other plants the carrier is an insect , beetle , bird , mouse or moth .
in some plants , this is just the wind , but in many other plants the carrier is an insect , beetle , bird , mouse or moth .
[ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ flowers and fertilization flowers are the reproductive structures of angiosperm plants .
the flower is eventually replaced by the fruit ( if the plant has one ) .
in many flowering plants , insects and other carriers , arrive at the flowers attracted by the color and the promise of nectar .
mendel , in his experiments , would artificially move pollen from the flowers of one plant onto the styles of ovaries of another plant .
mendel , in his experiments , would artificially move pollen from the flowers of one plant onto the styles of ovaries of another plant .
in his scientific paper mendel writes that part of the motivation for his work may have come from the observation that hybridization in plants was remarkably predictable .
the names he mentions in his talk ; joseph gottlieb kolreuter ( 1733 - 1806 ) , carl friedrich von gartner ( 1772 - 1850 ) , max ernst wichura ( 1817 - 1866 ) , and others , were botanists who investigated plant hybrids .
in his talk , mendel was reporting to the society his successful experiments in plant hybridization and what he thought he had discovered .
in the very year that he gave his talk on plant hybridization , the convention of gastein ( signed on aug . 20 , 1865 ) provided for schleswig to be administered by prussia and holstein by austria .
from the time his seeds were sown in the monastery soil , until the plants were ready to be harvested depended on the kind on plant .
from the time his seeds were sown in the monastery soil , until the plants were ready to be harvested depended on the kind on plant .
once the shoots begin to appear , protect the delicate plants and later provide them with canes or nets up which they can climb .
a simple calculation shows that , if mendel had only planted pea plants that differed in one character at a time , he would have needed a plot of land the size of brno to grow all the plants he would have needed to study !
a simple calculation shows that , if mendel had only planted pea plants that differed in one character at a time , he would have needed a plot of land the size of brno to grow all the plants he would have needed to study !
the number of plants needed for this kind of approach would be impossibly large .
obviously mendel used pea plants that showed all seven characters ( or more ) in every generation .
but , when it came time to analyze his results he does so as if he is looking at only one characteristic on each plant .
unfortunately , we do n't know exactly how many plants mendel used , but it is unlikely he studied plants with only one character .
unfortunately , we do n't know exactly how many plants mendel used , but it is unlikely he studied plants with only one character .
it is much more likely that mendel made yet another breakthrough in the study of genetics by examining single characteristics , or small parts of plants rather than the whole plant at once .
it is much more likely that mendel made yet another breakthrough in the study of genetics by examining single characteristics , or small parts of plants rather than the whole plant at once .
he realized that his experimental plants must meet special criteria before he could get repeatable results , and before his data could be properly interpreted .
these were highly visible , reproducible and unambiguous differences between one plant and another .
it was also important that this ` ` characteristic '' should be seen in every generation of the plants he was using .
flower color is a good example of such a characteristic , but only if every plant in every generation bears flowers with a distinct and unambiguous color .
when using the term ` ` long '' to describe the stem of a plant , this would only be a ` ` good '' characteristic if there was no disagreement about whether a particular stem is long or short .
the plants he used must allow for controlled breeding .
mendel solved this problem by his choice of the pea plant .
like many other plants , the flowers of the pea possess both male and female reproductive organs , which , under normal circumstances , will self - fertilize .
finally , the plants he used were constantly fertile .
when he crossed two plants that differed in one characteristic ( e.g .
one plant had purple flowers and the other plant had white flowers ) all the plants that grew from these seeds ( the f1 or first filial , generation ) showed a single characteristic ( purple flowers in this case ) .
one plant had purple flowers and the other plant had white flowers ) all the plants that grew from these seeds ( the f1 or first filial , generation ) showed a single characteristic ( purple flowers in this case ) .
one plant had purple flowers and the other plant had white flowers ) all the plants that grew from these seeds ( the f1 or first filial , generation ) showed a single characteristic ( purple flowers in this case ) .
these were ; flower color : purple - white seed color : yellow - green seed shape : round - wrinkled pod color : green - yellow pod shape : round - constricted flower position : axial - top plant height : tall - dwarf after these plants had grown to maturity mendel allowed them to self - pollinate and once again collected the seeds , which he planted the next spring and grew into the f2 or second filial generation .
these were ; flower color : purple - white seed color : yellow - green seed shape : round - wrinkled pod color : green - yellow pod shape : round - constricted flower position : axial - top plant height : tall - dwarf after these plants had grown to maturity mendel allowed them to self - pollinate and once again collected the seeds , which he planted the next spring and grew into the f2 or second filial generation .
these f2 plants showed both characteristics ; some had , for example , purple flowers and some had white flowers .
when he counted up the f2 plants he found that ; trait - dominant form to recessive form - -ratio- flower color - 705 to 224 - - 3.15 : 1 seed color - 6022 to 2001 - - 3.01 : 1 seed shape - 5474 to 1850 - - 2.96 : 1 pod color - 428 to 152 - - 2.82 : 1 pod shape - 882 to 299 - - 2.95 : 1 flower position - 651 to 207 - - 3.14 : 1 plant height - 787 to 227 - - 2.84 : 1 no matter what the actual raw numbers he counted , when he divided the number of dominant forms by the number recessive forms , the ratio always came out very close to 3 : 1 .
when he counted up the f2 plants he found that ; trait - dominant form to recessive form - -ratio- flower color - 705 to 224 - - 3.15 : 1 seed color - 6022 to 2001 - - 3.01 : 1 seed shape - 5474 to 1850 - - 2.96 : 1 pod color - 428 to 152 - - 2.82 : 1 pod shape - 882 to 299 - - 2.95 : 1 flower position - 651 to 207 - - 3.14 : 1 plant height - 787 to 227 - - 2.84 : 1 no matter what the actual raw numbers he counted , when he divided the number of dominant forms by the number recessive forms , the ratio always came out very close to 3 : 1 .
in this story mendel is challenged on one of the weaker parts of his paper ; to what species do his plants belong ?
these were difficult criteria for mendel to use or to apply to plants like his peas .
thus , mendel 's comment , that two plants can be considered the same species if everyone thinks that they are .
a scientist making such a comment in a modern presentation would not escape unscarred , but it represents a view that plant biology was stuck with for a long time .
in the seventeenth century naturalists began trying to name living organisms , plants and animals , in some systematic way .
to get away from this confusion these naturalists used latin ( the language of culture and education at that time ) , and gave each plant or animal they could find a descriptive name that accurately said something about the organism .
for example , it was obvious to linnaeus that ` ` all living organisms '' represented one large group of objects , which could then be divided into two smaller groups ; ` ` plants '' and ` ` animals '' .
` ` plants '' and ` ` animals '' ) , and - deciding what factors determine where a particular organism is placed ( i.e .
` ` all plants are green '' , and ` ` no animal is green '' ) taxonomy , is the process of devising and defining the various groups .
in linnaeus ' case , deciding that he needed two groups which he called ' kingdoms ' , the ` ` animal kingdom '' and the ` ` plant kingdom '' .
although it seems obvious at the level of multicellular organisms that some are green ( plants ) and some move around ( animals ) , at the microscopic level some organisms are both green and move around !
to any member of mendel 's audience who knew anything about statistics , any ratio reported from a small sample of plants might show a random ` ` fluctuation '' that could be almost any value .
actually , mendel never reports observing a ` ` pure '' 3:1 ratio for any experiment , plant or pea pod .
he also never tells his audience how many plants he should have used in order to see this magical ratio or at what confidence level his numbers should be treated .
it is just a mixture of snow , milk , pods of the vanilla plant and sugar , but we had no sugar and used honey instead .
they challenged us to some goofy game , where they had one controller , and we adults had another , and we tried to get through some weird land where plants ate you and trees gave you powers of some sort , and you needed to find a missing crown .
it seemed endless and really stupid , but it was fun to have plants suddenly jump at you , or to get lost in a desert , and have weird characters pop up and talk .
there was poison oak all over the place and also this plant that stings ya , hurts something bad called a nettle .
he found that insects seemed to avoid a certain plant so he smeared some of its extract on himself and the bugs suddenly left him alone .
on one of his forays , jordan discovered by accident another plant that seemed to keep the insects away .
jordan knew about berries , recalling all that olson had taught him , as well as a type of celery , and a root plant that looked much like a smaller cousin of cassava .
both ate off the broad leaf of a plant that seemed to thrive everywhere on the island .
he boiled some tea adding a plant to it .
i did nt care much for those prissy things but loved all other plants and could nt stop questions from turning over and over in my head .
grateful that she had shown me the value of the different uses of spices and herbs , i would be picking bits of plants everywhere we went .
towering plants and richly scented flowers , lovingly bestowed from neighbors ' treasured gardens , embraced the performance area .
rather than cut the same number of holes she had with a stick , she used the same number of days for planting and ended up with three times the number of corn plants .
bullets tore through the plants all around us , scattering leaves and grape canes .
the room was still overwhelmed with flowers , and i had to push my way through several huge plants just to shake his hand .
they are the largest plant to close , but they are nt the only one .
they learned to work in the fields and plant corn , beans and tobacco .
nule quickly found droplets of blood on the plants and on the ground and followed them through the woods for what seemed like hours to him .
but it is dipped in a poison distilled from the fibrous root of an exotic plant found only in the inner reaches of a jungle south - west of nubia .
it could be almost anything ; they have many plants here that we do nt have in england or in boston .
that smell comes from the jasmine plant ; it has a powerful , sweet smelling blossom , replies mister bishop .
you can see it after a flood ; the marsh plants are covered with salt .
now , he looked at the land from the back of his horse , and saw only an expanse of slime and mud , small channels and pools and the plants that straggled across the greyness ; an expanse indeterminate and unchartable , by him .
the world may be made of tiny motes of dust , congealed for a moment into the forms of men or beasts or plants , before they fall back to dust again , and there may be no gods .
she 'd tied the sage leaves together in bunches , and lit them from a torch , and they were burning damply , smokily ; the dry scent of the plants mingled with the stink of burning .
part of the area by the temple had been paved , but the dip between the temple and the second summit of the hill was pocked with pits , and overgrown where weeds had taken sudden root in the disturbed earth , leggy and rambling as shallow - rooted plants always are .
` ` medicine , the healing plants , the poisons - some are both .
they talked a little about plants , after that ; the use of willow bark against inflammation , the culinary herbs , those that gave visions ` ` false visions , '' tanaquil said , ` ` and no prophecies '' the mushrooms , good and evil .
` ` the following plants are poisonous , '' she started , and the students joined her in the list : ` ` the nightshade , the foxglove , the hemlock .
old spurinna had taken them out to the plain , looking for plants , healing and hurtful ; this lot would n't recognise nightshade berries if they saw them , or the signs of a poisoning , come to that .
tanaquil let her thoughts wander back , to days searching the cliffs for plants , nights of wakefulness at the valley shrine , to departed friends ...
he remembered her stories of the dark temples , of vigils kept , of days wandering the cliff paths looking for a rare herb , that could be picked only at the waning of the moon ; she used to sing him asleep with the qualities of the plants , and he could still remember the names - ratbane , the monarch , butterfly , cloudflower , fox - ivy , chalk - holly , silver - feather , thousand - leaf , augur 's staff - though he could n't recognise a single plant , and had forgotten , if he had ever known , what they were good for .
he remembered her stories of the dark temples , of vigils kept , of days wandering the cliff paths looking for a rare herb , that could be picked only at the waning of the moon ; she used to sing him asleep with the qualities of the plants , and he could still remember the names - ratbane , the monarch , butterfly , cloudflower , fox - ivy , chalk - holly , silver - feather , thousand - leaf , augur 's staff - though he could n't recognise a single plant , and had forgotten , if he had ever known , what they were good for .
there he rested , in a patch of moonlight and starlight , breathing harshly , staring at the pebbles and little plants around his feet .
yesterday , yngvild and siv had spent the day up on the mountain - side , gathering magic plants -- siv was a healer , and yngvild training to become one -- until late in the night , when they had returned to the home of their friends , to find it full of horror and tragedy .
tetta 9 : goading when halfdan awoke near the chilly mountain - top , the two women from starheim were already awake ; siv chopping up some freshly - gathered plants with her belt - knife , yngvild piling twigs for a camp - fire .
siv made a half - smile at her daughter 's joke , then went back to chopping plants for their breakfast .
` ` animals , wild plants . ''
lifting her head from his lap and standing up , she said , ` ` i comb my hair every morning and , every bath - day , i soak it in a potion made from magic plants . ''
` ` if i find the right plants , i 'll make you some . ''
brown plant - stalks with dead leaves stuck up through the surface of the ice .
sometimes they passed flocks of sheep or cows or goats , grazing on green patches of new - sprouted plants .
to their right , over a low hill , was a dim farm - field covered with tidy rows of small sprouting plants .
the first step was to wash the hurt , and the stretched skin around it , with a cloth soaked in a brew made from the boiled leaves of a plant called wolf's - bane .
the kingdom is organized ; and although as yet no bigger than a grain of mustard seed , the little plant is in a flourishing condition and our prospects brighter than ever .
also , i thought , i can make myself known as an apothecary as i go round monkton , and perhaps gain more customers , and maybe on the way call upon josias whiteway , the gardener who supplies some of my medicinal plants .
he is little more than a jobbing labourer , but he is an excellent gardener , and i had an agreement with him for the supply of various plants i needed .
but as i walked back to josias whiteway to collect my plants i felt my journey had , from mr huatts point of view , been largely unproductive , and that he would have to resign himself to the loss of his savings .
i collected the plants , which josias had ready for me in a bag or small sack , and paid him well , for those of his growing seem to have special virtue , but did not linger as i had already been away from home longer than i had intended .
afterwards i had to attend to the plants i had bought .
the following day he did so , and i became the proud possessor of a fine chestnut , which enabled me to attend to sick folk far beyond the bounds of dorchester as well as collecting plants for medicines and saving much time .
she discovered an aptitude for the work ; she had a quick memory and was soon able to recognize the various herbs and plants which the abbey grew and knew their purposes .
stella was bent over the plant , holding back the curtains laughing .
i have another rose lifted another scene with stella gawking at the window , her skirts up to her knees and bent over the palm plant .
oh morning for tea before the sun wilts my plants .
everything still bloomed , but many plants had gone to sleep during the cooler months .
by the time dinner is ready we will have topped off all the old buds , raked out the leaves and trash from the plants and have a much nicer garden .
how would such leviathans survive if they ate only tiny fish and plants ?
i am sort of a botany enthusiast , and i have nt identified all the plants on the trails yet .
she looked up from trimming one of her plants in the direction from which nolls voice carried .
as he spoke , the old mans own eyes roved slowly over the grove , drinking in every moss - coated stone and sun - dappled plant , logging the memory .
she took her time to enjoy the clear night air , stooping occasionally to pick star lilies , a red - petaled plant with flowers that only revealed themselves at night and was the base for many of her fever suppressing remedies .
lying on his back , with plants crisscrossing all around him like a spiders web , he heard a womans surprised laugh .
also , a big thanks goes out to jim boone , whose knowledge of plant life in the nevada desert and willingness to go out of his way to help was crucial to the setting of this story .
jim 's website www.birdandhike.com has some great info and pictures of plant life in the nevada desert .
beside me was the long flower box , half - demolished and spilling out onto the bricks , the white roots of the plants showing like veins .
the name of a plant , she was sure the title was also the name of a plant .
the name of a plant , she was sure the title was also the name of a plant .
his only clue was the rough , empty desert surrounding their vehicle , only scrubby brown plants spotting the landscape , and gray mountains on the farthest horizon .
the moment they realized what he was doing , they abandoned their plants and went inside .
he tried stepping over the plants , but he misjudged their height and tripped .
the plants were indifferent and snarled , growing wild in every direction .
without waiting for luke 's response , she left the tiny path and pulled luke through the plants .
` ` luke , '' she exclaimed like a little girl , ` ` the plants got you ! ''
in lieu of flowers , the padreses kept their backyards rife with fresh vegetables , growing only plants that did n't reach higher than a foot .
luke steered clear of the plant , but the scent stalked him .
luke stumbled over several plants that seemed as eager to thwart him as the levirs did .
the rodents ' droppings , after it has digested these seeds also spread the plants into the local ecosystem .
without rodents , many plant species will go extinct , causing starvation in any species that survives off that particular plant .
without rodents , many plant species will go extinct , causing starvation in any species that survives off that particular plant .
it was overgrown with weeds and plants and i did nt notice anything special about it until i was standing right on top of it .
the wildly out of control growth of the plants and trees provided an excellent natural cover and the closed yards kept the undead out .
elements of the story are broken down into types of characters , places , concepts , technology , vehicles , weapons , food , media , races , animals and plants .
alder : 3.0 - zz -- 30 -- - z plant a type of tree .
plants alder a type of tree .
scotch broom : 3.0 - z plant - zz catch hell a shrub .
sycamore : 3.0 - z plant - zz catch hell a tree .
plants scotch broom a shrub .
catch hell - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i ' m 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i ' ve 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you ' ve 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might ' ve 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric - a - brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc - devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half - star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well - oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white - gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression - era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip - ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap - less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary - the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan - a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire - house 1 ting 's 1 reaping - time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age - blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c - note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security - he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self - styled 1 likelihood 1 property - tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell - o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day - glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare - breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well - beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self - loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw - the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper - thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell - mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under - standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears - this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism - all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha - ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders - a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old - fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places - some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money - let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn - style 1 motives 1 would ' ve 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but - the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community - no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked - and 1 semi - articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep - drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen - larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos - usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life - aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good - sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to - day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him - his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's - head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come - hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis - ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand - katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off - campus - friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter - mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so - called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold - black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards - the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must ' ve 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close - ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden - paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly - there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot - the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock - roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations - wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter - spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post - college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act - the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner - she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes - is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half - timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo - was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half - assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late - night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double - paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock - ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank - eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi - lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become - a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
old virginia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 414 the 226 i 212 a 170 and 158 to 157 of 109 was 104 in 99 my 93 you 80 he 73 it 66 had 65 his 65 for 62 me 61 on 60 with 57 that 46 her 45 she 44 were 41 this 41 they 39 we 37 is 36 as 35 from 35 strauss 32 what 32 him 31 one 30 at 29 porter 29 riley 28 if 27 an 27 said 26 be 26 like 25 so 24 by 24 would 23 into 23 men 23 did n't 22 no 22 some 22 there 21 about 21 are 20 hatcher 20 up 19 back 19 more 19 but 19 all 19 been 19 not 18 who 18 virginia 18 them 17 did 17 out 16 or 16 your 16 when 15 doctor 15 too 15 us 14 do n't 14 have 14 do 13 our 13 know 13 things 13 old 12 could 12 cap 12 herman 12 how 12 will 12 mother 11 man 11 their 11 subject 11 down 11 cabin 11 here 10 people 10 company 10 why 10 roger 10 world 10 got 10 made 10 off 10 find 10 then 9 can 9 better 9 way 9 where 9 over 9 until 9 eyes 9 it 's 9 i 'd 9 through 9 around 9 years 9 before 9 first 8 get 8 behind 8 something 8 right 8 say 8 tallhat 8 than 8 after 8 intelligence 8 you 're 8 much 8 seen 8 make 8 now 8 cuba 8 help 8 oh 8 face 8 two 8 ever 8 take 8 door 7 even 7 table 7 white 7 was n't 7 those 7 just 7 came 7 any 7 captain 7 doctors 7 best 7 had n't 7 took 7 garland 7 started 7 i 'll 7 thought 7 myself 7 asked 7 yes 7 cigarette 7 these 7 head 7 anything 7 saw 6 research 6 want 6 dark 6 kept 6 its 6 x 6 without 6 kind 6 new 6 upon 6 good 6 last 6 porter 's 6 break 6 except 6 yeah 6 far 6 such 6 time 6 has 6 began 6 few 6 black 6 talk 6 war 6 maybe 6 hands 6 might 6 three 6 shadow 6 sat 6 put 6 day 6 since 6 called 6 across 6 while 6 see 6 tell 6 team 5 riley 's 5 gone 5 i ' m 5 nasty 5 go 5 fire 5 near 5 never 5 little 5 went 5 voice 5 file 5 next 5 big 5 else 5 woods 5 nobody 5 wanted 5 well 5 richards 5 field 5 knew 5 think 5 need 5 does 5 documents 5 important 5 mouth 5 dead 5 own 5 operation 5 work 5 let 5 light 5 yet 5 drew 5 she 's 5 because 5 found 5 fell 5 read 5 enough 4 wo n't 4 happy 4 doing 4 bad 4 davis 4 god 4 lips 4 metal 4 gave 4 rained 4 bed 4 great 4 pretty 4 ten 4 most 4 again 4 wall 4 left 4 rode 4 heard 4 decided 4 against 4 clothes 4 inside 4 i ' ve 4 weapon 4 seemed 4 other 4 boys 4 forest 4 worse 4 holes 4 stood 4 road 4 give 4 being 4 copper 4 reds 4 also 4 days 4 returned 4 activity 4 poor 4 lucky 4 detail 4 slipped 4 although 4 fingers 4 post 4 whatever 4 morning 4 family 4 dox 4 happened 4 getting 4 couple 4 rest 4 close 4 still 4 problem 4 became 4 sent 4 given 4 broke 4 am 4 children 4 done 4 shook 4 lab 4 could n't 4 does n't 4 game 4 wore 4 night 4 room 3 taken 3 trust 3 going 3 project 3 everyone 3 matter 3 really 3 truck 3 return 3 already 3 arms 3 deal 3 ike 3 expression 3 that 's 3 marching 3 we 'll 3 plan 3 mk - ultra 3 ops 3 meat 3 dream 3 many 3 talking 3 watching 3 wrong 3 quick 3 bloody 3 croatoan 3 away 3 later 3 past 3 farmhouse 3 move 3 neck 3 langley 3 chair 3 they 're 3 soissons 3 needed 3 boots 3 rubbed 3 special 3 natives 3 rats 3 island 3 report 3 only 3 meet 3 mountain 3 come 3 least 3 less 3 ones 3 glass 3 playing 3 mind 3 hundred 3 what 's 3 another 3 view 3 circlet 3 broken 3 news 3 strange 3 meant 3 baby 3 figure 3 possessed 3 possibly 3 may 3 jesus 3 test 3 required 3 coat 3 evidence 3 stank 3 guess 3 member 3 you 'll 3 closed 3 turned 3 throat 3 use 3 files 3 minutes 3 porch 3 you 'd 3 lot 3 lay 3 place 3 worked 3 flesh 3 situation 3 nature 3 certain 3 waiting 3 watch 3 clairvoyant 3 hell 3 nothing 3 outside 3 young 3 difficult 3 power 3 business 3 lighted 3 unless 3 hours 3 steel 3 bowl 3 life 3 soldier 3 care 3 spoke 3 we 're 3 log 3 cold 3 english 3 lived 3 everybody 3 long 3 become 3 history 3 seems 3 pleased 3 talked 3 wish 3 promise 3 smile 3 virginia 's 3 quite 3 exactly 3 six 3 tracks 3 between 3 though 3 dinner 3 attack 3 suppose 3 must 3 single 3 lost 3 fellows 3 tongue 3 ready 3 track 3 idea 3 nor 3 ground 3 swallowed 3 should ' ve 3 shall 3 which 3 small 3 once 3 allies 3 window 3 name 3 glasses 3 brown 2 farms 2 gray 2 medicine 2 bladder 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 hats 2 kgb 2 trouble 2 failed 2 hear 2 sufficient 2 tires 2 hatch 2 gather 2 anymore 2 surprise 2 cracks 2 heavily 2 evening 2 personal 2 bring 2 arrived 2 birth 2 drifted 2 neil 2 eventually 2 they 'll 2 eating 2 wet 2 tree 2 folks 2 compromised 2 scotch 2 rather 2 age 2 area 2 die 2 gets 2 pot 2 dawn 2 morbid 2 experience 2 simple 2 beach 2 hill 2 he 's 2 college 2 silhouette 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 german 2 nervous 2 alone 2 provender 2 man 's 2 questions 2 crone 's 2 bodies 2 picked 2 possible 2 dear 2 pancakes 2 poured 2 shit 2 conversation 2 letters 2 under 2 forgotten 2 soon 2 end 2 follow 2 piece 2 suspected 2 woman 2 image 2 sorry 2 data 2 protect 2 someone 2 straitjacket 2 sure 2 shotguns 2 s 2 sweated 2 anyone 2 hoped 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 look 2 information 2 storm 2 winter 2 shotgun 2 knows 2 sweep 2 convinced 2 probably 2 plenty 2 joke 2 tasted 2 skull 2 unfortunately 2 intended 2 mr 2 liked 2 certainly 2 hiding 2 missing 2 hatcher 's 2 resources 2 somebody 2 infant 2 escape 2 older 2 course 2 castro 2 kids 2 hurt 2 okay 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 drooling 2 jolly 2 sharp 2 carved 2 followed 2 sank 2 screwed 2 abandoned 2 palisade 2 military 2 vanished 2 lanky 2 windows 2 trained 2 pleasure 2 ah 2 surely 2 waited 2 guerillas 2 heels 2 makes 2 sound 2 fear 2 ha 2 standing 2 cut 2 papers 2 coming 2 french 2 chuckled 2 yard 2 catch 2 maintain 2 christ 2 afraid 2 u 2 planks 2 nine 2 reason 2 tin 2 mud 2 winked 2 muffled 2 guys 2 library 2 ditches 2 observed 2 notion 2 armor 2 belly 2 spent 2 needles 2 brain 2 taste 2 nearby 2 grinned 2 moved 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 search 2 thin 2 bit 2 rumors 2 eye 2 guard 2 afternoon 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 fine 2 pops 2 word 2 stare 2 line 2 ceased 2 mengele 2 earth 2 process 2 everything 2 indicated 2 tears 2 bore 2 wondered 2 bizarre 2 red 2 roanoke 2 let 's 2 control 2 wrote 2 mystery 2 whispered 2 call 2 listening 2 feet 2 cooking 2 main 2 reminded 2 moment 2 month 2 cro 2 crude 2 smoked 2 chill 2 security 2 thick 2 nail 2 answer 2 farm 2 opened 2 collection 2 built 2 grand 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 experiments 2 several 2 lead 2 dox 's 2 feel 2 scenario 2 thinking 2 legs 2 water 2 whether 2 silence 2 each 2 full 2 dreamt 2 finished 2 recognized 2 doubt 2 however 2 testing 2 among 2 muscles 2 badger 2 trees 2 pawns 2 miners 2 seeped 2 rain 2 captured 2 dry 2 sweat 2 hey 2 batista 's 2 handle 2 indeed 2 circlets 2 hunting 2 stopped 2 facilities 2 deep 2 often 2 waste 2 felt 2 same 2 believed 2 free 2 hour 2 others 2 dim 2 you ' ve 2 principal 2 lingered 2 incident 2 roby 2 women 2 looked 2 public 2 entry 2 able 2 faces 2 hole 2 pulled 2 appeared 2 watched 2 machines 2 alive 2 wants 2 dressed 2 machinery 2 glycerin 2 walking 2 shoulder 2 struggle 2 hardcases 2 broad 2 muddy 2 slicing 2 used 2 true 2 conduct 2 change 2 are n't 2 laughed 2 unknown 2 cried 2 corpses 2 pull 2 locked 2 instead 2 sort 2 bigger 2 nearly 2 low 2 stove 2 garrison 2 killed 2 either 2 stalked 2 agreed 2 senses 2 helped 2 auschwitz 2 short 2 gold 2 looking 2 carry 2 works 2 thing 2 along 2 party 2 times 2 pair 2 noises 1 nape 1 greeting 1 squalled 1 issue 1 dropped 1 calm 1 bunked 1 nearest 1 sole 1 swiveled 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 twenty 1 gloves 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 poking 1 screws 1 lucid 1 satisfying 1 lumbered 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 death 1 wizened 1 reptilian 1 giving 1 loaded 1 peaked 1 loyalists 1 coals 1 flopped 1 ran 1 escalates 1 goddamned 1 congratulated 1 refill 1 conditions 1 treated 1 environs 1 local 1 snicked 1 ear 1 knots 1 suspicion 1 show 1 win 1 intercepted 1 lack 1 stubbed 1 breath 1 lizard - bald 1 limped 1 bravest 1 patrol 1 rusted 1 steely 1 yours 1 supply 1 em 1 blacken 1 thickly 1 slurping 1 dangle 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 inform 1 dripped 1 tramp 1 implant 1 veteran 1 psychic 1 stains 1 doc 1 devices 1 eaves 1 virtue 1 position 1 drain 1 whistling 1 organize 1 fifty - plus 1 financing 1 dipped 1 compelled 1 rendezvoused 1 lsd 1 yellow 1 paralyzed 1 atom - smashing 1 codes 1 commie 1 seconds 1 real 1 set 1 country 1 obvious 1 torch 1 job 1 counting 1 secrets 1 met 1 swooped 1 logical 1 invented 1 polite 1 dared 1 detached 1 brow 1 survey 1 richardses 1 blasphemous 1 perfect 1 raleigh 1 sleep 1 illusion 1 gangrene 1 blocked 1 dug 1 overcome 1 decisions 1 shut 1 appreciates 1 unimaginable 1 programs 1 attach 1 debacle 1 shelves 1 dame 1 sobbing 1 chorus 1 persisted 1 excitement 1 existence 1 generator 's 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 huge 1 adopted 1 brilliant 1 third 1 dense 1 boy 1 carolina 1 spasms 1 stole 1 clamped 1 dr 1 pulling 1 russians 1 he 'd 1 horrible 1 foreign 1 stuff 1 closely 1 chess 1 plain 1 coney 1 tests 1 results 1 feigned 1 fried 1 christian 1 shaved 1 stubble 1 monstrous 1 notches 1 thump 1 flaw 1 knife 1 scarce 1 cook 1 blued 1 necessary 1 fret 1 handled 1 explorers 1 four 1 staggered 1 scuttlebutt 1 honors 1 whispering 1 starfish 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 plastic 1 wine 1 muzzled 1 luck 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 contraptions 1 listened 1 hair 1 routine 1 deadly 1 tribes 1 melodramatic 1 unorthodox 1 majestic 1 spectacle 1 advance 1 two - man 1 doozy 1 temple 1 silent 1 dick 1 diameter 1 jealous 1 arthritis 1 assembled 1 woke 1 coffee 1 cookfires 1 turning 1 escorted 1 how 's 1 marshy 1 stack 1 gorge 1 dusk 1 universities 1 san 1 crap 1 spilled 1 quiz 1 damn 1 league 1 fast 1 instinct 1 gate 1 losses 1 distortion 1 flashlight 1 carrion 1 cigarettes 1 damned 1 turks 1 angular 1 climb 1 questing 1 account 1 syllable 1 running 1 correctly 1 phantom 1 drunkenly 1 extrapolate 1 escaped 1 rectify 1 refused 1 relation 1 tasting 1 uncertainty 1 compose 1 grasped 1 she 'll 1 aloofness 1 dirty 1 stiff 1 soaked 1 aching 1 destroyed 1 prevented 1 tricks 1 competent 1 colonist 1 members 1 sworn 1 hatteras 1 turn 1 iron 1 split 1 passed 1 birthed 1 spools 1 kicked 1 acquiescence 1 preferred 1 harder 1 lacked 1 button 1 spartan 1 sequence 1 molecular 1 biting 1 ai n't 1 determined 1 moments 1 tattooed 1 overly 1 hacking 1 brother 1 crouched 1 weirding 1 personally 1 unintelligible 1 radio 1 superior 1 medical 1 dropping 1 psych 1 records 1 wipe 1 origin 1 splendid 1 miss 1 theory 1 sated 1 throats 1 unnerving 1 satisfy 1 purely 1 company 's 1 classified 1 pictures 1 effective 1 strike 1 butt 1 smiled 1 living 1 technology 1 timbuktu 1 neat 1 resistance 1 slats 1 dank 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 fed 1 hum 1 dominance 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 plots 1 departure 1 nonsense 1 victims 1 herself 1 child 1 gibbering 1 grown 1 reshape 1 topographical 1 shack 1 whole 1 senile 1 vital 1 send 1 cautiously 1 midwestern 1 pal 1 innocent 1 banged 1 rattled 1 nose 1 communication 1 characters 1 steal 1 official ' 1 deemed 1 screamed 1 researchers 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 trembled 1 d - did 1 demanded 1 obscure 1 piss 1 profile 1 spaniards 1 actually 1 would ' ve 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 changed 1 meatier 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 money 1 folder 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 awful 1 corrugated 1 kidnap 1 cynicism 1 forward 1 carve 1 detritus 1 eager 1 sake 1 sought 1 soldiers 1 lamplight 1 curious 1 ceiling 1 song 1 hoping 1 submerged 1 detailed 1 offering 1 roof 1 sipping 1 diminished 1 savant 1 rocky 1 there 's 1 sounds 1 soup 1 horn 1 quietly 1 yawned 1 explained 1 part 1 flight 1 confident 1 experiment 1 clatter 1 shifted 1 shocked 1 inconclusive 1 cackle 1 jungles 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 disaster 1 begged 1 drumming 1 folklore 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 blind 1 likewise 1 drag 1 armed 1 bitterly 1 havana 1 fruitless 1 hurricanes 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 pasture 1 making 1 numbness 1 camps 1 west 1 suspend 1 campus 1 axis 1 state 1 ranks 1 foresaw 1 converse 1 shrewd 1 numerous 1 flat 1 secured 1 behavior 1 degrees 1 tremors 1 indecipherable 1 ink 1 collapsed 1 tall 1 accent 1 creaked 1 paper 1 stuck 1 photokinetics 1 devil 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 welded 1 sunrise 1 finding 1 duty 1 washed 1 died 1 fate 1 cast 1 merely 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 burning 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 odor 1 hanging 1 grew 1 middle 1 younger 1 mumbled 1 adults 1 flakes 1 calmed 1 handed 1 1945 1 ahead 1 mines 1 thrashing 1 wake 1 configure 1 regarded 1 towered 1 antiseptic 1 suffering 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 flickered 1 curfew 1 cautious 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 scratch 1 dossiers 1 ability 1 improve 1 draws 1 traitor 1 likely 1 kinds 1 barely 1 keen 1 dough 1 easel 1 sharks 1 sighed 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 twenty - mile 1 laughing 1 career 1 preparing 1 france 1 emerge 1 viewer 1 disappeared 1 hump 1 awfully 1 caper 1 rube 1 ideas 1 fond 1 posts 1 commander 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 scraps 1 sounded 1 wars 1 richards ' 1 pursued 1 follows 1 frothing 1 cots 1 worried 1 slit 1 bothers 1 withdrew 1 chuckling 1 digging 1 involved 1 pulses 1 gun 1 lousy 1 term 1 chemicals 1 ash 1 allocation 1 loud 1 tendrils 1 sabotaged 1 diesel 1 hero 1 phosphorescent 1 sit 1 balls - up 1 teams 1 powerful 1 manner 1 throttling 1 patriot 1 bunched 1 specter 1 rewarded 1 idiots 1 cured 1 broth 1 earnest 1 wildly 1 cot 1 laid 1 inadequate 1 frantic 1 office 1 potential 1 migraine 1 worth 1 concentrated 1 andreas 1 plodding 1 padded 1 beheld 1 castro 's 1 none 1 whip 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 beam 1 upside 1 cellar 1 approaching 1 leaned 1 unbalanced 1 spies 1 pitchy 1 walnut 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 straight 1 sadism 1 air 1 additionally 1 traveled 1 quaintly 1 gaze 1 thusly 1 smooth 1 stetsons 1 misled 1 hoofing 1 gagged 1 chief 1 hamburgers 1 embarrassing 1 expire 1 biologist 1 decorated 1 presently 1 operations 1 different 1 terms 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 caltech 1 ace 1 glances 1 relieved 1 matriarch 1 blocks 1 beware 1 crazed 1 regard 1 glare 1 moisture 1 walk 1 wires 1 manage 1 number 1 shields 1 ominous 1 flickering 1 cowboy 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 clicked 1 remember 1 toppled 1 managed 1 professionals 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 wrecked 1 proved 1 colonization 1 nasal 1 forecast 1 aloud 1 included 1 exhaled 1 breaking 1 question 1 hefty 1 creatures 1 fishbowl 1 pressure 1 buck 1 tablet 1 bled 1 fallen 1 mess 1 gears 1 tricked 1 shot 1 nefarious 1 bears 1 blade 1 include 1 furious 1 eased 1 rush 1 precisely 1 easy 1 realized 1 glacial 1 rise 1 sir 1 mimeographed 1 steamy 1 ruined 1 join 1 assigned 1 gentle 1 rolling 1 jackets 1 pain 1 priority 1 misfortune 1 layman 's 1 glowing 1 envisioned 1 sam 1 crone 1 shape 1 played 1 dangerous 1 uncapped 1 edge 1 ancient 1 june 1 decades 1 talent 1 subtlety 1 north 1 pane 1 deer 1 hiroshima 1 balm 1 fingers ' 1 ward 1 illumination 1 shortly 1 fortify 1 son 1 human 1 physicist 1 twice 1 cracking 1 interfere 1 rims 1 locate 1 hills 1 sanity 1 cabinets 1 teeth 1 scientific 1 quavered 1 cry 1 phone 1 showed 1 filled 1 daddy 1 reaction 1 grunted 1 bunk 1 element 1 suddenly 1 uttered 1 math 1 lapsed 1 peeking 1 keeps 1 1915 1 everything 's 1 rid 1 gnawed 1 scholars 1 continue 1 out - of - season 1 handcuffed 1 words 1 boxy 1 sealed 1 uneventful 1 week 1 pessimistic 1 charm 1 curtain 1 junior 1 bonfires 1 korea 1 hired 1 appeal 1 shiny 1 dried 1 powers 1 conference 1 mentioned 1 we 'd 1 lolled 1 rocking 1 events 1 rusty 1 labs 1 dispatched 1 grabbed 1 safe 1 star 1 sonofabitches 1 yielded 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 fastened 1 establish 1 ice 1 clouds 1 fool 1 chin 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 whisper 1 stick 1 spared 1 idiot 1 harm 1 treetops 1 nodded 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 bet 1 range 1 frayed 1 ivy 1 root 1 lightened 1 bushes 1 greasy 1 backs 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 major 1 comprised 1 expedition 1 disembodied 1 fearful 1 play 1 snow 1 wobbly 1 million 1 vigor 1 obviously 1 recon 1 slack 1 shrugged 1 lauded 1 cracked 1 automatons 1 seasoned 1 progressing 1 breast 1 oozing 1 birds 1 presence 1 thank 1 pox 1 authority 1 ended 1 check 1 cow 1 flooded 1 demeanor 1 naked 1 note 1 memos 1 keeping 1 fight 1 colossal 1 race 1 south 1 germans 1 top 1 front 1 asking 1 contests 1 meeting 1 amount 1 excuse 1 triumphant 1 government 1 york 1 blowing 1 price 1 tits - up 1 clipped 1 reassurances 1 contact 1 bombs 1 surmised 1 smirk 1 bar 1 saboteur 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 four - star 1 doors 1 properly 1 poise 1 settlement 1 chunks 1 encompass 1 yourself 1 poisoned 1 passion 1 bona 1 known 1 gig 1 stroked 1 tickled 1 director 1 shell 1 assimilated 1 objectives 1 shout 1 helpful 1 sonofabitch 1 conduit 1 watery 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 monumental 1 forgiven 1 grace 1 houses 1 quaked 1 immortality 1 certificate 1 center 1 bitching 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 margin 1 wiped 1 bloomed 1 threw 1 program 1 calculus 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 plants 1 coarsened 1 1589 1 speaking 1 fortunately 1 grip 1 lurking 1 support 1 wrapped 1 goddamnit 1 goose 1 car 1 clotted 1 portion 1 content 1 kick 1 mostly 1 haul 1 applications 1 canvas 1 transport 1 disrupted 1 wood 1 solely 1 anyway 1 squirms 1 settlers 1 during 1 bread 1 clues 1 frozen 1 deeper 1 speak 1 stupidest 1 clue 1 squeaked 1 darkness 1 latrine 1 moves 1 tottering 1 fixing 1 raining 1 comment 1 symbols 1 crooned 1 assemble 1 details 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 operatives 1 analgesic 1 chum 1 rogers 1 extraction 1 disappear 1 easily 1 subtle 1 comes 1 gestured 1 ears 1 induced 1 robey 1 rasped 1 slope 1 pack 1 efficacious 1 closest 1 captain 's 1 pig 1 wished 1 mind 's 1 troops 1 slobbering 1 weak 1 strauss ' 1 arranged 1 options 1 helping 1 township 1 suggest 1 filter 1 staff 1 colonial 1 leak 1 recording 1 momentous 1 dinosaurs 1 rotten 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 chalk 1 tittered 1 scrap 1 basic 1 obstructing 1 herr 1 somber 1 mail 1 portended 1 mistaken 1 excellent 1 somewhere 1 1588 1 rubber 1 raid 1 betrayed 1 odd 1 symptoms 1 humorless 1 loomed 1 amazingly 1 every 1 oak 1 puking 1 isolated 1 static 1 wilds 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 terrible 1 blue - eyed 1 lifted 1 unspecified 1 maps 1 dustbin 1 sky 1 clicking 1 rank 1 slow 1 similarly 1 map 1 inner 1 imminent 1 sooner 1 dull 1 case 1 rabbits 1 blunders 1 colonists ' 1 ago 1 killers 1 fabricated 1 prove 1 entertain 1 caliber 1 together 1 bald 1 scatter 1 wolfing 1 animal 1 guessed 1 aquamarine 1 earned 1 touched 1 rope 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 kernel 1 stared 1 beads 1 wound 1 arrives 1 nixon 1 sensation 1 feelings 1 balls 1 hypothesis 1 foolish 1 coyote 1 deadfalls 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 active 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 hinky 1 smart 1 hates 1 reappeared 1 please 1 distance 1 pistol 1 subordinate 1 civilization 1 signs 1 paperwork 1 aside 1 enforcer 1 brain - buggered 1 remains 1 smothered 1 home 1 provided 1 plug 1 large 1 mayhem 1 brothers 1 gulped 1 bark 1 attempt 1 laughter 1 rock 1 legend 1 bulk 1 strain 1 hopping 1 damage 1 commissioned 1 accepting 1 clenched 1 harsher 1 prudent 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 breeze 1 snapped 1 threats 1 diet 1 central 1 burned 1 batista 1 elements 1 trains 1 careful 1 tortured 1 impress 1 cursing 1 aware 1 flinch 1 displaced 1 raveled 1 leaves 1 shivered 1 discipline 1 plate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 physicists 1 hideous 1 camphor 1 unhappy 1 debriefing 1 contemplative 1 paranoia 1 scandal 1 mile 1 heart 1 pillows 1 poker 1 complacent 1 uncle 1 alabaster 1 1953 1 examinations 1 chew 1 bowels 1 paddling 1 unclassified 1 scouted 1 in - law 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 portions 1 flame - thrower 1 miles 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 abnormal 1 service 1 shelled 1 forever 1 guidance 1 possess 1 telegram 1 settlements 1 sidelong 1 cigar 1 army 1 hearing 1 hilarity 1 mustered 1 pussyfoot 1 tangentially 1 swayed 1 dumb 1 mightily 1 seize 1 weight 1 caricatures 1 filly 1 rip 1 tough 1 wounds 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 appearances 1 limit 1 block 1 darker 1 accompanied 1 shots 1 edgy 1 paradise 1 hardly 1 lick 1 kid 1 president 's 1 stripe 1 expendable 1 we ' ve 1 assignment 1 delighted 1 caved 1 arcane 1 comedy 1 borne 1 worst 1 rutted 1 boring 1 monkeys 1 shrieks 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 private 1 tonight 1 happen 1 title 1 direction 1 cover 1 command 1 seagulls 1 covering 1 twenty - eight 1 watchdog 1 warning 1 grim 1 network 1 preoccupation 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 resilience 1 glided 1 nonetheless 1 nice 1 produced 1 clever 1 tight 1 were n't 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 blond 1 smashed 1 fide 1 anew 1 livelier 1 stars 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 bandaged 1 blurry 1 wilderness 1 blanket 1 hq 1 fifteen 1 satisfaction 1 hulks 1 verdun 1 advising 1 pitcher 1 quantity 1 hook 1 blood 1 lunatic 1 umbrella 1 sun 1 fossils 1 disgusted 1 interrogate 1 elongated 1 suited 1 conjecture 1 bits 1 flowed 1 nails 1 barked 1 trotting 1 untended 1 hold 1 precise 1 babbled 1 whiskey 1 tickertape 1 finest 1 branches 1 smirking 1 loose 1 president 1 sector 1 fault 1 charred 1 born 1 graduated 1 blue - tinged 1 spread 1 ass 1 deteriorated 1 friends 1 hike 1 something 's 1 pantry 1 53 1 longevity 1 dwindled 1 link 1 convenient 1 nap 1 fumbling 1 thugs 1 shriek 1 mole 1 cryptic 1 gag 1 reeked 1 secret 1 branch 1 oceans 1 visited 1 extract 1 psychotropics 1 kill 1 erratum 1 assure 1 eyelids 1 dixie 1 soothing 1 legendary 1 tractor 1 swoop 1 engineer 1 england 1 cavity 1 eleven 1 echo 1 using 1 semiconsciousness 1 live ' 1 pocket 1 gap 1 comb 1 contrary 1 bent 1 bow 1 shoes 1 anybody 's 1 fourth 1 intact 1 radar 1 wooden 1 incoherently 1 bum 1 dogs 1 propped 1 outhouse 1 generator 1 always 1 tone 1 clearance 1 touch 1 noon 1 jerries 1 written 1 grinning 1 unfriendly 1 faculties 1 warn 1 endured 1 pep 1 within 1 latent 1 dresden 1 cruel - minded 1 spare 1 blot 1 wind - blasted 1 pools 1 dreams 1 trip 1 pills 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 pale 1 shaggy 1 level 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 friend 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 spite 1 best - case 1 robbed 1 occurring 1 knees 1 they ' ve 1 stench 1 frequency 1 wits 1 squirmed 1 sallow 1 briefed 1 confided 1 slightly 1 disposals 1 cake 1 empty 1 slaughter 1 dimple 1 dust 1 glittered 1 moldered 1 mankind 1 delays 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 woman 's 1 self - aggrandizement 1 considerable 1 scared 1 looks 1 functioning 1 reached 1 exists 1 remote 1 fashion 1 believe 1 revelries 1 desire 1 evilly 1 moving 1 anywhere 1 adolph 1 secure 1 nicer 1 further 1 base 1 colony 1 messages 1 perimeter 1 sours 1 eisenhower 's 1 drizzled 1 abrupt 1 thirty 1 influence 1 realize 1 spy 1 brute 1 mary 1 step 1 asylum 1 derail 1 flaccid 1 objects 1 promising 1 point 1 1700 1 forehead 1 gained 1 gazing 1 detractors 1 marched 1 liver 1 realization 1 williams 1 dread 1 conviction 1 targets 1 should n't 1 reading 1 staring 1 former 1 extort 1 geniuses 1 glow 1 raked 1 skinny 1 lending 1 babysitting 1 unwholesomely 1 sixth 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 tangible 1 clear 1 supporter 1 breakthrough 1 screams 1 haystacks 1 shredding 1 impossible 1 volunteers 1 school 1 coolness 1 officer 1 lose 1 cave 1 milky 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 goat 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 courage 1 enemy 1 translated 1 brazen 1 snap 1 purpose 1 lingering 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 present 1 headed 1 cashing 1 isolation 1 potbellied 1 interrupted 1 joined 1 reservations 1 ate 1 weather 1 housecleaning 1 wept 1 gobbled 1 drown 1 precautions 1 upturned 1 sprint 1 supposed 1 tag 1 governor 1 walked 1 russian 1 ca n't 1 general 1 noticed 1 century 1 quiet 1 five 1 task 1 bitter 1 clock 1 shielding 1 seem 1 leave 1 chortled 1 hard - on 1 spending 1 fired 1 scrawls 1 too - long 1 shirt 1 town 1 blank 1 acting 1 completely 1 normandy 1 safety 1 retreat 1 poster 1 susurration 1 seventy 1 chittering 1 chance 1 imprecations 1 simply 1 buried 1 vertigo 1 involvement 1 investigation 1 humans 1 traces 1 racket 1 oozed 1 shutters 1 burn 1 huh 1 stomach 1 she 'd 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 pronto 1 crossed 1 brought 1 shop 1 greatness 1 jargon 1 squirted 1 perusing 1 bought 1 swore 1 celebration 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 quarter 1 hypnosis 1 floorboards 1 stupid 1 services 1 worshipped 1 reduced 1 live 1 counter 1 plundered 1 scientists 1 soul 1 community 1 squelching 1 blankly 1 deed 1 answers 1 feared 1 battlefields 1 checked 1 deaf 1 disabled 1 covert 1 high 1 exploration 1 moods 921 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
shiva , open your eye - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 shiva , open your eye 358 the 195 a 185 and 178 of 168 i 138 to 104 in 82 was 75 that 74 he 68 my 61 is 54 his 53 it 44 not 42 from 41 as 38 me 37 with 36 on 34 for 28 by 26 or 26 an 26 but 26 there 25 him 25 this 25 at 23 what 22 be 21 would 21 if 20 when 19 had 19 their 19 one 18 man 17 into 16 have 16 are 15 its 15 mr 15 time 15 connell 15 them 14 up 14 like 13 they 12 could 12 no 12 did 12 all 11 so 11 world 11 too 11 do 10 were 10 more 10 things 10 old 10 am 9 god 9 yet 9 see 9 before 8 you 8 under 8 how 8 will 7 those 7 barn 7 after 7 upon 7 good 7 big 7 another 7 tea 7 men 7 eyes 7 because 7 these 6 people 6 sea 6 way 6 quick 6 say 6 than 6 back 6 any 6 again 6 much 6 left 6 come 6 some 6 being 6 over 6 knew 6 life 6 memories 6 might 6 light 6 stars 6 thought 6 pocket 6 which 6 through 6 wore 6 out 6 been 5 dark 5 just 5 came 5 most 5 winter 5 only 5 state 5 human 5 few 5 nothing 5 cycle 5 about 5 cold 5 sense 5 long 5 several 5 said 5 truth 5 hand 5 while 5 door 5 around 5 years 4 matter 4 even 4 logic 4 doing 4 who 4 beach 4 later 4 end 4 great 4 went 4 your 4 look 4 cologne 4 slept 4 property 4 against 4 why 4 occurred 4 washington 4 now 4 bottle 4 mentioned 4 christmas 4 flesh 4 nature 4 eye 4 monk 4 should 4 off 4 unless 4 every 4 sky 4 down 4 farm 4 frame 4 shiva 4 water 4 shadow 4 then 4 same 4 others 4 here 4 though 4 oceans 4 myself 4 done 4 empty 4 shall 4 change 4 once 4 name 4 anything 4 thing 4 room 3 gone 3 really 3 stone 3 better 3 something 3 late 3 fire 3 simple 3 never 3 little 3 questions 3 beyond 3 wonders 3 understand 3 our 3 we 3 ocean 3 soon 3 strike 3 living 3 piece 3 shack 3 anyone 3 sweet 3 where 3 value 3 make 3 habit 3 inside 3 mind 3 know 3 other 3 vanished 3 different 3 ah 3 animals 3 fear 3 made 3 dirt 3 brain 3 imagine 3 watch 3 think 3 word 3 shell 3 house 3 mine 3 created 3 call 3 bag 3 autumn 3 terrible 3 visit 3 mass 3 thoughts 3 answer 3 bulk 3 feel 3 it 's 3 wisdom 3 two 3 each 3 find 3 let 3 indeed 3 blood 3 summer 3 prayed 3 named 3 clay 3 pattern 3 children 3 touch 3 dreams 3 asked 3 idea 3 true 3 reveal 3 across 3 try 3 read 3 purpose 3 heavy 3 looking 3 chance 3 us 3 can not 3 first 2 gray 2 gloves 2 can 2 poking 2 assessor 2 death 2 huts 2 depths 2 hear 2 show 2 breath 2 return 2 final 2 anymore 2 ghost 2 pearl 2 smacking 2 obvious 2 job 2 sleep 2 both 2 creation 2 existence 2 go 2 tree 2 boy 2 bad 2 organism 2 occasion 2 hot 2 rather 2 plain 2 smell 2 season 2 trapped 2 perished 2 church 2 dare 2 flashlight 2 nervous 2 gulf 2 seldom 2 kept 2 metal 2 kerosene 2 preferred 2 earlier 2 emerald - colored 2 intellect 2 towers 2 radio 2 without 2 smiled 2 strength 2 sticky 2 fancied 2 shadows 2 kind 2 sure 2 do n't 2 voice 2 fields 2 begins 2 sweated 2 song 2 rust 2 soup 2 part 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 torpid 2 sculpture 2 behold 2 unfortunately 2 last 2 devil 2 sunrise 2 toward 2 frightened 2 regarded 2 certainly 2 methodical 2 yearning 2 disappeared 2 course 2 upstairs 2 excretes 2 investigator 2 except 2 peripheral 2 besides 2 wanted 2 well 2 news 2 strange 2 cellar 2 road 2 rough 2 military 2 gaze 2 possessed 2 leads 2 may 2 regard 2 remember 2 best 2 ruin 2 far 2 required 2 makes 2 also 2 federal 2 sustain 2 ha 2 papers 2 such 2 shape 2 degree 2 evil 2 ancient 2 perceptions 2 afraid 2 spark 2 imperative 2 tossed 2 has 2 dying 2 flower 2 clarity 2 lizards 2 until 2 minutes 2 ice 2 pointed 2 curiosity 2 returned 2 perhaps 2 priests 2 place 2 cruel 2 orbiting 2 land 2 presence 2 naked 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 nigh 2 government 2 told 2 colored 2 famous 2 plane 2 hide 2 sustenance 2 hell 2 perception 2 crooked 2 does 2 documents 2 power 2 thy 2 bureau 2 itself 2 fingers 2 frozen 2 comment 2 humble 2 relative 2 open 2 forms 2 ears 2 pack 2 whatever 2 beast 2 weak 2 feet 2 subject 2 national 2 slow 2 squirming 2 dreamed 2 affect 2 case 2 mouth 2 smoked 2 dead 2 together 2 animal 2 own 2 art 2 lived 2 disappearances 2 oil 2 lazy 2 large 2 hands 2 creature 2 force 2 measure 2 mechanism 2 bound 2 work 2 emerged 2 whether 2 cigar 2 attention 2 smile 2 close 2 hidden 2 however 2 year 2 wind 2 skin 2 ephemeral 2 fleeting 2 exactly 2 thee 2 equipment 2 sat 2 often 2 thus 2 evolution 2 dim 2 fragile 2 looked 2 shoes 2 ever 2 gods 2 pretending 2 always 2 rap 2 actor 2 tongue 2 condition 2 travel 2 spring 2 wife 2 corner 2 villagers 2 shore 2 dust 2 longer 2 used 2 story 2 fruit 2 sign 2 thirty 2 bubbles 2 gums 2 gained 2 shuffle 2 instead 2 mindless 2 mold 2 temptation 2 cave 2 fell 2 window 2 floor 2 night 2 lovely 2 closer 2 tell 2 leave 2 requires 2 simply 2 buried 2 jacket 1 dropped 1 married 1 bering 1 eschew 1 trust 1 strove 1 sedan 1 settling 1 going 1 throes 1 wait 1 visage 1 nasa 1 riffled 1 faa 1 lumbered 1 interesting 1 cool 1 wizened 1 proof 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 muck 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 rustle 1 lament 1 flopped 1 disquiet 1 dwells 1 failed 1 musk 1 fish 1 seizing 1 truck 1 abiding 1 fathom 1 fresh 1 wears 1 keep 1 stirring 1 blacken 1 revile 1 huff 1 cutter 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 la 1 thanked 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 flourishes 1 tarp 1 revered 1 latter 1 flash 1 fold 1 building 1 virtue 1 rent 1 owner 1 abomination 1 table 1 whenever 1 bounded 1 wriggle 1 vast 1 brim 1 web 1 set 1 country 1 flames 1 wire 1 stained 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 capture 1 wonder 1 prehistory 1 investigator 's 1 fragment 1 research 1 scrutinized 1 survey 1 visitor 1 deeds 1 arrived 1 laws 1 driven 1 drifted 1 eventually 1 offered 1 blessings 1 tilling 1 eating 1 twisted 1 handcuffs 1 chrysalis 1 invent 1 brittle 1 huge 1 spurred 1 maniac 1 steadfast 1 superseded 1 sapient 1 submission 1 caves 1 plucked 1 disease 1 baffle 1 casting 1 corroborative 1 behind 1 ashes 1 haunted 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 drowsy 1 he 'd 1 cosmos 1 horrible 1 scotch 1 lilies 1 self - analysis 1 collectors 1 amused 1 latex 1 giddy 1 results 1 want 1 feigned 1 save 1 shudder 1 tad 1 magnificent 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 hope 1 die 1 becoming 1 sheet 1 soccer 1 today 1 coherent 1 necessary 1 pot 1 fix 1 crippling 1 occluded 1 crystal 1 fills 1 nemesis 1 antennae 1 munificent 1 primordial 1 tulgy 1 starfish 1 hungry 1 swipes 1 individual 1 weaker 1 wick 1 rive 1 purchased 1 desired 1 unimaginative 1 listened 1 reared 1 routine 1 humid 1 illume 1 invoked 1 calculation 1 portrait 1 advance 1 jealous 1 shine 1 many 1 coffee 1 bare 1 scoffing 1 operated 1 sediment 1 lips 1 sunder 1 throw 1 tug 1 watching 1 juices 1 wry 1 boggle 1 wrong 1 lockpicks 1 ramshackle 1 molded 1 thirteen 1 mars 1 fused 1 fast 1 peeling 1 ciphers 1 tweed 1 instinct 1 physiology 1 possibility 1 budding 1 suspicious 1 twilight 1 emanated 1 damned 1 climb 1 alone 1 phantom 1 tended 1 fortresses 1 leech 's 1 was n't 1 away 1 approximation 1 unsteady 1 picked 1 astray 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 destroyed 1 wherein 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 efficiently 1 fluids 1 left - hand 1 buttocks 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 trail 1 turn 1 traps 1 past 1 agony 1 split 1 satellites 1 gave 1 move 1 malls 1 tastes 1 layered 1 wane 1 notice 1 hamstringing 1 mice 1 sparks 1 destroyer 1 sails 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 bed 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 thaw 1 reach 1 patience 1 particular 1 discern 1 glaring 1 fragmented 1 outstripping 1 symbol 1 reassure 1 tide 1 endless 1 rapid 1 floss 1 inconvenient 1 attracted 1 chair 1 stud 1 practice 1 welding 1 definitely 1 ignored 1 savor 1 milky - lucent 1 angles 1 permitted 1 opportunity 1 hitchhikers 1 chest 1 wondering 1 span 1 wave 1 takes 1 birthday 1 child 1 evaded 1 pretty 1 skeletal 1 lurk 1 fissure 1 whole 1 new 1 discomfiting 1 states 1 suffice 1 innocent 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 nose 1 conclusion 1 consequences 1 piss 1 counterchange 1 actually 1 occasional 1 describe 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 audience 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 thrives 1 reject 1 forward 1 burner 1 tender 1 tarpaulin 1 bunsen 1 pallid 1 welcome 1 intent 1 velvet 1 ten 1 gelid 1 insides 1 sought 1 appropriated 1 accipitrine 1 crumpled 1 insufferable 1 material 1 subjects 1 cross 1 island 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 curious 1 monster 1 thousands 1 driveway 1 suffocate 1 parked 1 fury 1 wallet 1 reeling 1 impetus 1 hat 1 wall 1 quietly 1 anticipation 1 slither 1 knows 1 plates 1 brutes 1 grasping 1 stayed 1 teetered 1 pleas 1 documentaries 1 blind 1 disappointing 1 placate 1 waits 1 sometimes 1 explosion 1 crackle 1 strong 1 comforts 1 microscopes 1 brine 1 almighty 1 presumed 1 suppositories 1 making 1 hungover 1 concern 1 faulty 1 screen 1 opted 1 convinced 1 shriveled 1 roll 1 swim 1 whence 1 seventeen 1 circumstance 1 deliberate 1 boiling 1 twitches 1 joke 1 mountain 1 unbidden 1 flank 1 fly 1 degrees 1 least 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 dance 1 decided 1 idol 1 fixed 1 sloughing 1 stuck 1 defend 1 identity 1 bid 1 almost 1 bellowing 1 revolutions 1 crucifix 1 cast 1 descriptions 1 venus 1 spreading 1 themselves 1 off - put 1 passing 1 odor 1 lubricated 1 leaving 1 stagger 1 grew 1 middle 1 transformation 1 cat 1 impression 1 wake 1 terrestrial 1 clothes 1 unexpressive 1 failing 1 glacier 1 carefully 1 else 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 sundries 1 craving 1 lump 1 missing 1 stationed 1 outwrestle 1 disfigured 1 draws 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 slithering 1 slips 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 emerges 1 sharks 1 struck 1 settled 1 nipped 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 variation 1 accurate 1 squatting 1 aspirin 1 stowed 1 pursuit 1 diminish 1 yarding 1 catholics 1 tribe 1 lag 1 stomp 1 consider 1 carpet 1 frighten 1 weapon 1 sounded 1 funny 1 comprising 1 subtler 1 seemed 1 heavens 1 physics 1 design 1 demons 1 glanced 1 worried 1 enemies 1 pursue 1 becomes 1 sky - rises 1 abyssal 1 happiness 1 cliffs 1 kids 1 shattered 1 united 1 muttered 1 catches 1 gun 1 drone 1 chemicals 1 university 1 inquiry 1 bliss 1 hearkened 1 masses 1 nobody 1 trickling 1 dwindling 1 warm - blooded 1 submerge 1 tomes 1 gravid 1 powerful 1 ripple 1 stabbed 1 loved 1 thickening 1 soft 1 write 1 wildly 1 impairment 1 broken 1 fill 1 warmth 1 desolate 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 rippling 1 gaped 1 awnings 1 pool 1 irresistible 1 madro 1 is n't 1 gaily 1 decide 1 approaching 1 suitable 1 meant 1 workman 1 sterile 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 murder 1 recites 1 hurry 1 rumpled 1 form 1 addiction 1 traveled 1 scalpels 1 urges 1 toothpaste 1 elucidate 1 windows 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 maintains 1 3 - in - one 1 quonset 1 gravel 1 pleasure 1 bracing 1 candle 1 widow 1 veins 1 crazed 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 walk 1 number 1 drawings 1 revel 1 ominous 1 surely 1 flickering 1 prostrate 1 summed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 test 1 seep 1 molting 1 presume 1 heels 1 therefore 1 slowly 1 tape 1 ponderous 1 creatures 1 shoebox 1 carried 1 center - beam 1 mastered 1 sound 1 tissue 1 coat 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 albeit 1 golden 1 tendency 1 aeons 1 assume 1 pay 1 galleries 1 damp 1 got 1 crumble 1 interludes 1 mating 1 unpoked 1 subjected 1 especially 1 ice - age 1 precisely 1 easy 1 incomprehensible 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 guesswork 1 hospitality 1 sacrifice 1 chasm 1 residual 1 frost 1 scratchy 1 device 1 camera 1 vessel 1 antacid 1 slacks 1 field 1 lenses 1 sam 1 fairness 1 played 1 dangerous 1 pall 1 current 1 virus 1 catch 1 glared 1 north 1 recollection 1 deer 1 grounded 1 computer 1 niveous 1 round 1 gleaned 1 christ 1 slumberous 1 retrieve 1 housewives 1 nocturnal 1 shucking 1 would n't 1 prone 1 sanity 1 teeth 1 fabrications 1 complex 1 suspecting 1 cell 1 marred 1 spawning 1 showed 1 thrall 1 filled 1 string 1 grunted 1 probe 1 earthly 1 uttered 1 lightning 1 boiled 1 days 1 strapping 1 tablets 1 inconsiderable 1 keeps 1 firmament 1 anguish 1 muffled 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 consequence 1 despite 1 shallow 1 nameless 1 transforms 1 curtain 1 lamp 1 malign 1 rhode 1 porch 1 annoying 1 effigy 1 pitchforks 1 expertly 1 drip 1 fellow 1 feral 1 lot 1 binds 1 untroubled 1 murders 1 profane 1 hunger 1 mean 1 uproot 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 frailties 1 scope 1 accompany 1 steaming 1 taste 1 root 1 moved 1 effect 1 stay 1 blindly 1 quaver 1 trying 1 major 1 anesthetic 1 obscured 1 above 1 consciousness 1 play 1 snow 1 mortal 1 vigor 1 mighty 1 dancing 1 shrugged 1 discretion 1 lights 1 grasp 1 concupiscent 1 microrecorder 1 placed 1 blossom 1 thank 1 type 1 picking 1 context 1 situation 1 note 1 brink 1 perfection 1 stretch 1 distractions 1 distinctive 1 partially 1 pleasures 1 beard 1 thirty - eight - caliber 1 ramble 1 suckle 1 directly 1 hyaline 1 seeds 1 rejected 1 clathrose 1 blowing 1 killing 1 visions 1 holy 1 puzzle 1 artist 1 seek 1 mention 1 sea - green 1 hunted 1 patent - leather 1 poor 1 waking 1 waiting 1 doors 1 sliced 1 butterfly 1 poisoned 1 righteous 1 toss - axes 1 mug 1 shadowed 1 person 1 resurges 1 monsters 1 squalid 1 impoverished 1 hated 1 freezing 1 clusters 1 line 1 bosnia 1 moaning 1 genome 1 grace 1 need 1 earth 1 tinsel 1 skins 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 everything 1 young 1 spiral 1 offline 1 laugh 1 relentless 1 cusp 1 packages 1 sensitive 1 sequined 1 dwell 1 business 1 warding 1 locust 1 substance 1 although 1 claim 1 tears 1 important 1 presents 1 inaccessible 1 bore 1 girl 1 periods 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 ineluctable 1 affectations 1 bizarre 1 swiftly 1 speaking 1 red 1 notable 1 contains 1 clotted 1 alight 1 spurts 1 content 1 ill - tailored 1 witless 1 chilled 1 canvas 1 rendering 1 black 1 agree 1 philosophers 1 wood 1 anyway 1 nakedness 1 sifted 1 slouching 1 cases 1 shroud 1 warned 1 textures 1 monosyllabic 1 half - roll 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sagging 1 leaching 1 items 1 waters 1 steel 1 cataclysm 1 polyurethane 1 details 1 cocoon 1 metaphor 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 divinity 1 designed 1 fullness 1 shared 1 deities 1 warp 1 fleshly 1 listening 1 accelerated 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 embrace 1 atlantic 1 barred 1 flint 1 rambling 1 shadowlands 1 shorn 1 according 1 pebbles 1 oh 1 hapless 1 language 1 panting 1 dumping 1 scaly 1 bowl 1 assured 1 dinosaurs 1 methane 1 pitted 1 pick 1 winding 1 morning 1 hunched 1 feat 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 crumbling 1 abuse 1 opening 1 vague 1 irritation 1 palace 1 happening 1 moment 1 month 1 mirror 1 uncertain 1 widening 1 bombing 1 nip 1 reserve 1 stand 1 lifted 1 fist 1 risk 1 hungered 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 pressing 1 spoke 1 heat 1 brass 1 heave 1 pores 1 spritzed 1 map 1 inner 1 genial 1 mote 1 survive 1 ole 1 ages 1 predator 1 proper 1 places 1 perfunctory 1 slight 1 ago 1 contradiction 1 mistake 1 lifts 1 safely 1 surface 1 slip 1 hound 1 crack 1 veil 1 trick 1 maybe 1 sequestered 1 guessed 1 normal 1 hood 1 charlatan 1 kindred 1 groove 1 purple 1 kernel 1 beads 1 station 1 crawled 1 truly 1 foolish 1 castle 1 seat 1 torches 1 happened 1 thick 1 nail 1 blinding 1 brutally 1 random 1 lumpy 1 urgency 1 floundering 1 contrived 1 shuttering 1 pyrgoidal 1 disposable 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 opened 1 glistening 1 lame 1 speaker 1 remains 1 face 1 morass 1 delusion 1 home 1 slumbers 1 reasoning 1 murky 1 movement 1 phantasms 1 gazed 1 hoarded 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 legend 1 thorough 1 accuracy 1 survives 1 bones 1 coomb 1 nome 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 become 1 congress 1 took 1 sagacity 1 burned 1 rending 1 seems 1 sapiens 1 clutching 1 smeared 1 careful 1 rest 1 seasons 1 swaying 1 temperatures 1 indulge 1 connell 's 1 heathen 1 pretended 1 chose 1 astronomers 1 sliding 1 sip 1 subterfuge 1 hobbled 1 thinking 1 beings 1 navy 1 vicious 1 scheme 1 intuition 1 uncle 1 love 1 leg 1 rheumy 1 counts 1 bowels 1 ringed 1 stories 1 buffalo 1 ineffable 1 construct 1 unto 1 tongs 1 miles 1 images 1 service 1 forever 1 three 1 anticipatory 1 feeling 1 squamous 1 hearing 1 sadness 1 three - and - a - half 1 flake 1 imprinted 1 void 1 cawed 1 progress 1 self - employed 1 tropical 1 discover 1 full 1 identification 1 refulgence 1 pocked 1 sublime 1 boat 1 doubt 1 assault 1 fetid 1 hardly 1 detector 1 rottweiler 1 brief 1 crushed 1 sprawling 1 blatantly 1 unasked 1 unions 1 recalcitrant 1 speech 1 delighted 1 considered 1 arcane 1 threatening 1 inarticulate 1 moist 1 murphy 1 refined 1 witness 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 proportion 1 trees 1 craggy 1 foul 1 private 1 ordeal 1 happen 1 predating 1 anecdote 1 heel 1 command 1 reconnoiter 1 forged 1 rain 1 ethiopia 1 quite 1 very 1 moon 1 nonetheless 1 galaxy 1 police - issue 1 churning 1 blinking 1 refrain 1 homo 1 slouched 1 leashed 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 sweat 1 pecked 1 warm 1 theater 1 ordering 1 strip 1 starshine 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 appetite 1 blunt 1 teaspoon 1 drift 1 cloying 1 ring 1 pricked 1 primeval 1 suit 1 tired 1 pitcher 1 caressing 1 billion 1 celebrations 1 knuckles 1 authenticity 1 weeks 1 pardon 1 losing 1 deep 1 horizon 1 amusing 1 pounce 1 guided 1 sun 1 poisoning 1 offices 1 bottomless 1 haunting 1 quake 1 impulses 1 famine 1 prolongated 1 remembered 1 uncle 's 1 brushing 1 waste 1 hemorrhoid 1 changes 1 hold 1 nations 1 precise 1 whiskey 1 indicate 1 cabalists 1 accidents 1 free 1 rich 1 branches 1 labor 1 regeneration 1 license 1 apprehended 1 requisite 1 glory 1 allow 1 cognition 1 hour 1 tracks 1 larger 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 mount 1 unkind 1 born 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 alarm 1 spread 1 den 1 rictus 1 given 1 incarnations 1 friends 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 trifle 1 bosom 1 idols 1 bind 1 shower 1 chain 1 separate 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 lingered 1 between 1 loft 1 parts 1 book 1 peru 1 fumbling 1 judgment 1 wedged 1 cryptic 1 incident 1 prehistoric 1 secret 1 branch 1 geographics 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 stippled 1 kill 1 philippines 1 wisely 1 investors 1 silk 1 chaos 1 transferred 1 microbes 1 saddened 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 seared 1 stale 1 draped 1 fully 1 eastern 1 misfortunate 1 soothing 1 scriven 1 day 1 lulled 1 half - blind 1 accord 1 slay 1 suppose 1 huddle 1 must 1 checking 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 justify 1 single 1 slumber 1 since 1 television 1 cinders 1 knocking 1 normally 1 dire 1 darted 1 crocodile 1 creak 1 resembling 1 assumptions 1 obliquangular 1 did n't 1 himself 1 lost 1 tone 1 watched 1 machines 1 nook 1 founding 1 rented 1 unfriendly 1 suffered 1 cared 1 crash 1 wants 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 thread 1 verification 1 tribulations 1 biologists 1 jellyfish 1 wither 1 grains 1 blot 1 trip 1 dredged 1 native 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 fleeing 1 convince 1 perfectly 1 celestial 1 stranded 1 knees 1 lumbering 1 mugs 1 holiday 1 59 1 hammer 1 management 1 boarded 1 uneasiness 1 equal 1 absorbed 1 other 's 1 douses 1 spear 1 visor 1 steeping 1 tends 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 chevrolet 1 mated 1 nor 1 gander 1 ground 1 beneath 1 reached 1 coast 1 pleasurable 1 stark 1 roasting 1 straw 1 enforcement 1 fashion 1 believe 1 salesmen 1 trailing 1 accept 1 troopers 1 splayed 1 gloom 1 could n't 1 bethlehem 1 yes 1 solid 1 mode 1 marvel 1 creepy 1 scrambling 1 springs 1 gusts 1 abrupt 1 called 1 submarines 1 carnival 1 floating 1 knotted 1 lurked 1 looming 1 step 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 immense 1 centuries 1 adjusted 1 unsubstantiated 1 neglected 1 gazing 1 delved 1 steakhouse 1 twin 1 membrane 1 small 1 dread 1 clumsy 1 contemplation 1 limits 1 color 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 locked 1 fancy 1 glide 1 sort 1 drank 1 exposed 1 blossoming 1 exclamations 1 lightless 1 ask 1 warns 1 shelf 1 suing 1 plant 1 nearly 1 low 1 inevitable 1 sensational 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 take 1 minute 1 inhabit 1 impossible 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 linear 1 books 1 school 1 frigid 1 griseous 1 maintained 1 ponder 1 slant 1 cursed 1 silicon 1 psychedelic 1 copulation 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 islets 1 present 1 formicating 1 virgins 1 amuse 1 decaying 1 peace 1 nectar 1 joined 1 interrupted 1 mantle 1 cabins 1 dominating 1 driving 1 self - determination 1 correct 1 values 1 spinning 1 phrase 1 temples 1 laconic 1 fastening 1 bitter 1 colliding 1 confusion 1 ultimate 1 cavernous 1 jelly 1 shores 1 list 1 accident 1 crow 1 falls 1 massive 1 organisms 1 swamps 1 supplication 1 glaucous 1 eats 1 side 1 fired 1 antiquitous 1 town 1 enough 1 acting 1 bloom 1 portend 1 hunter 1 completely 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 amusement 1 continents 1 loneliness 1 pulsating 1 paid 1 atheists 1 instant 1 imprecations 1 procreation 1 majority 1 hubris 1 decimated 1 glue 1 carry 1 spirit 1 learn 1 gleaming 1 involvement 1 extending 1 investigation 1 obsidian 1 traces 1 heller 1 glasses 1 origins 1 burn 1 latest 1 works 1 brought 1 cosmetics 1 oaths 1 along 1 filtering 1 bestow 1 fur 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 drop 1 football 1 scrabbling 1 reduced 1 missionaries 1 times 1 scientists 1 electrochemical 1 feared 1 persons 1 prawns 1 decay 1 pluto 1 saw 1 quaint 1 painless 1 corporations 1 overall 1 structure 1 clearer 925 .
shiva , open your eye - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 shiva , open your eye 358 the 195 a 185 and 178 of 168 i 138 to 104 in 82 was 75 that 74 he 68 my 61 is 54 his 53 it 44 not 42 from 41 as 38 me 37 with 36 on 34 for 28 by 26 or 26 an 26 but 26 there 25 him 25 this 25 at 23 what 22 be 21 would 21 if 20 when 19 had 19 their 19 one 18 man 17 into 16 have 16 are 15 its 15 mr 15 time 15 connell 15 them 14 up 14 like 13 they 12 could 12 no 12 did 12 all 11 so 11 world 11 too 11 do 10 were 10 more 10 things 10 old 10 am 9 god 9 yet 9 see 9 before 8 you 8 under 8 how 8 will 7 those 7 barn 7 after 7 upon 7 good 7 big 7 another 7 tea 7 men 7 eyes 7 because 7 these 6 people 6 sea 6 way 6 quick 6 say 6 than 6 back 6 any 6 again 6 much 6 left 6 come 6 some 6 being 6 over 6 knew 6 life 6 memories 6 might 6 light 6 stars 6 thought 6 pocket 6 which 6 through 6 wore 6 out 6 been 5 dark 5 just 5 came 5 most 5 winter 5 only 5 state 5 human 5 few 5 nothing 5 cycle 5 about 5 cold 5 sense 5 long 5 several 5 said 5 truth 5 hand 5 while 5 door 5 around 5 years 4 matter 4 even 4 logic 4 doing 4 who 4 beach 4 later 4 end 4 great 4 went 4 your 4 look 4 cologne 4 slept 4 property 4 against 4 why 4 occurred 4 washington 4 now 4 bottle 4 mentioned 4 christmas 4 flesh 4 nature 4 eye 4 monk 4 should 4 off 4 unless 4 every 4 sky 4 down 4 farm 4 frame 4 shiva 4 water 4 shadow 4 then 4 same 4 others 4 here 4 though 4 oceans 4 myself 4 done 4 empty 4 shall 4 change 4 once 4 name 4 anything 4 thing 4 room 3 gone 3 really 3 stone 3 better 3 something 3 late 3 fire 3 simple 3 never 3 little 3 questions 3 beyond 3 wonders 3 understand 3 our 3 we 3 ocean 3 soon 3 strike 3 living 3 piece 3 shack 3 anyone 3 sweet 3 where 3 value 3 make 3 habit 3 inside 3 mind 3 know 3 other 3 vanished 3 different 3 ah 3 animals 3 fear 3 made 3 dirt 3 brain 3 imagine 3 watch 3 think 3 word 3 shell 3 house 3 mine 3 created 3 call 3 bag 3 autumn 3 terrible 3 visit 3 mass 3 thoughts 3 answer 3 bulk 3 feel 3 it 's 3 wisdom 3 two 3 each 3 find 3 let 3 indeed 3 blood 3 summer 3 prayed 3 named 3 clay 3 pattern 3 children 3 touch 3 dreams 3 asked 3 idea 3 true 3 reveal 3 across 3 try 3 read 3 purpose 3 heavy 3 looking 3 chance 3 us 3 can not 3 first 2 gray 2 gloves 2 can 2 poking 2 assessor 2 death 2 huts 2 depths 2 hear 2 show 2 breath 2 return 2 final 2 anymore 2 ghost 2 pearl 2 smacking 2 obvious 2 job 2 sleep 2 both 2 creation 2 existence 2 go 2 tree 2 boy 2 bad 2 organism 2 occasion 2 hot 2 rather 2 plain 2 smell 2 season 2 trapped 2 perished 2 church 2 dare 2 flashlight 2 nervous 2 gulf 2 seldom 2 kept 2 metal 2 kerosene 2 preferred 2 earlier 2 emerald - colored 2 intellect 2 towers 2 radio 2 without 2 smiled 2 strength 2 sticky 2 fancied 2 shadows 2 kind 2 sure 2 do n't 2 voice 2 fields 2 begins 2 sweated 2 song 2 rust 2 soup 2 part 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 torpid 2 sculpture 2 behold 2 unfortunately 2 last 2 devil 2 sunrise 2 toward 2 frightened 2 regarded 2 certainly 2 methodical 2 yearning 2 disappeared 2 course 2 upstairs 2 excretes 2 investigator 2 except 2 peripheral 2 besides 2 wanted 2 well 2 news 2 strange 2 cellar 2 road 2 rough 2 military 2 gaze 2 possessed 2 leads 2 may 2 regard 2 remember 2 best 2 ruin 2 far 2 required 2 makes 2 also 2 federal 2 sustain 2 ha 2 papers 2 such 2 shape 2 degree 2 evil 2 ancient 2 perceptions 2 afraid 2 spark 2 imperative 2 tossed 2 has 2 dying 2 flower 2 clarity 2 lizards 2 until 2 minutes 2 ice 2 pointed 2 curiosity 2 returned 2 perhaps 2 priests 2 place 2 cruel 2 orbiting 2 land 2 presence 2 naked 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 nigh 2 government 2 told 2 colored 2 famous 2 plane 2 hide 2 sustenance 2 hell 2 perception 2 crooked 2 does 2 documents 2 power 2 thy 2 bureau 2 itself 2 fingers 2 frozen 2 comment 2 humble 2 relative 2 open 2 forms 2 ears 2 pack 2 whatever 2 beast 2 weak 2 feet 2 subject 2 national 2 slow 2 squirming 2 dreamed 2 affect 2 case 2 mouth 2 smoked 2 dead 2 together 2 animal 2 own 2 art 2 lived 2 disappearances 2 oil 2 lazy 2 large 2 hands 2 creature 2 force 2 measure 2 mechanism 2 bound 2 work 2 emerged 2 whether 2 cigar 2 attention 2 smile 2 close 2 hidden 2 however 2 year 2 wind 2 skin 2 ephemeral 2 fleeting 2 exactly 2 thee 2 equipment 2 sat 2 often 2 thus 2 evolution 2 dim 2 fragile 2 looked 2 shoes 2 ever 2 gods 2 pretending 2 always 2 rap 2 actor 2 tongue 2 condition 2 travel 2 spring 2 wife 2 corner 2 villagers 2 shore 2 dust 2 longer 2 used 2 story 2 fruit 2 sign 2 thirty 2 bubbles 2 gums 2 gained 2 shuffle 2 instead 2 mindless 2 mold 2 temptation 2 cave 2 fell 2 window 2 floor 2 night 2 lovely 2 closer 2 tell 2 leave 2 requires 2 simply 2 buried 2 jacket 1 dropped 1 married 1 bering 1 eschew 1 trust 1 strove 1 sedan 1 settling 1 going 1 throes 1 wait 1 visage 1 nasa 1 riffled 1 faa 1 lumbered 1 interesting 1 cool 1 wizened 1 proof 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 muck 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 rustle 1 lament 1 flopped 1 disquiet 1 dwells 1 failed 1 musk 1 fish 1 seizing 1 truck 1 abiding 1 fathom 1 fresh 1 wears 1 keep 1 stirring 1 blacken 1 revile 1 huff 1 cutter 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 la 1 thanked 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 flourishes 1 tarp 1 revered 1 latter 1 flash 1 fold 1 building 1 virtue 1 rent 1 owner 1 abomination 1 table 1 whenever 1 bounded 1 wriggle 1 vast 1 brim 1 web 1 set 1 country 1 flames 1 wire 1 stained 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 capture 1 wonder 1 prehistory 1 investigator 's 1 fragment 1 research 1 scrutinized 1 survey 1 visitor 1 deeds 1 arrived 1 laws 1 driven 1 drifted 1 eventually 1 offered 1 blessings 1 tilling 1 eating 1 twisted 1 handcuffs 1 chrysalis 1 invent 1 brittle 1 huge 1 spurred 1 maniac 1 steadfast 1 superseded 1 sapient 1 submission 1 caves 1 plucked 1 disease 1 baffle 1 casting 1 corroborative 1 behind 1 ashes 1 haunted 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 drowsy 1 he 'd 1 cosmos 1 horrible 1 scotch 1 lilies 1 self - analysis 1 collectors 1 amused 1 latex 1 giddy 1 results 1 want 1 feigned 1 save 1 shudder 1 tad 1 magnificent 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 hope 1 die 1 becoming 1 sheet 1 soccer 1 today 1 coherent 1 necessary 1 pot 1 fix 1 crippling 1 occluded 1 crystal 1 fills 1 nemesis 1 antennae 1 munificent 1 primordial 1 tulgy 1 starfish 1 hungry 1 swipes 1 individual 1 weaker 1 wick 1 rive 1 purchased 1 desired 1 unimaginative 1 listened 1 reared 1 routine 1 humid 1 illume 1 invoked 1 calculation 1 portrait 1 advance 1 jealous 1 shine 1 many 1 coffee 1 bare 1 scoffing 1 operated 1 sediment 1 lips 1 sunder 1 throw 1 tug 1 watching 1 juices 1 wry 1 boggle 1 wrong 1 lockpicks 1 ramshackle 1 molded 1 thirteen 1 mars 1 fused 1 fast 1 peeling 1 ciphers 1 tweed 1 instinct 1 physiology 1 possibility 1 budding 1 suspicious 1 twilight 1 emanated 1 damned 1 climb 1 alone 1 phantom 1 tended 1 fortresses 1 leech 's 1 was n't 1 away 1 approximation 1 unsteady 1 picked 1 astray 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 destroyed 1 wherein 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 efficiently 1 fluids 1 left - hand 1 buttocks 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 trail 1 turn 1 traps 1 past 1 agony 1 split 1 satellites 1 gave 1 move 1 malls 1 tastes 1 layered 1 wane 1 notice 1 hamstringing 1 mice 1 sparks 1 destroyer 1 sails 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 bed 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 thaw 1 reach 1 patience 1 particular 1 discern 1 glaring 1 fragmented 1 outstripping 1 symbol 1 reassure 1 tide 1 endless 1 rapid 1 floss 1 inconvenient 1 attracted 1 chair 1 stud 1 practice 1 welding 1 definitely 1 ignored 1 savor 1 milky - lucent 1 angles 1 permitted 1 opportunity 1 hitchhikers 1 chest 1 wondering 1 span 1 wave 1 takes 1 birthday 1 child 1 evaded 1 pretty 1 skeletal 1 lurk 1 fissure 1 whole 1 new 1 discomfiting 1 states 1 suffice 1 innocent 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 nose 1 conclusion 1 consequences 1 piss 1 counterchange 1 actually 1 occasional 1 describe 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 audience 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 thrives 1 reject 1 forward 1 burner 1 tender 1 tarpaulin 1 bunsen 1 pallid 1 welcome 1 intent 1 velvet 1 ten 1 gelid 1 insides 1 sought 1 appropriated 1 accipitrine 1 crumpled 1 insufferable 1 material 1 subjects 1 cross 1 island 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 curious 1 monster 1 thousands 1 driveway 1 suffocate 1 parked 1 fury 1 wallet 1 reeling 1 impetus 1 hat 1 wall 1 quietly 1 anticipation 1 slither 1 knows 1 plates 1 brutes 1 grasping 1 stayed 1 teetered 1 pleas 1 documentaries 1 blind 1 disappointing 1 placate 1 waits 1 sometimes 1 explosion 1 crackle 1 strong 1 comforts 1 microscopes 1 brine 1 almighty 1 presumed 1 suppositories 1 making 1 hungover 1 concern 1 faulty 1 screen 1 opted 1 convinced 1 shriveled 1 roll 1 swim 1 whence 1 seventeen 1 circumstance 1 deliberate 1 boiling 1 twitches 1 joke 1 mountain 1 unbidden 1 flank 1 fly 1 degrees 1 least 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 dance 1 decided 1 idol 1 fixed 1 sloughing 1 stuck 1 defend 1 identity 1 bid 1 almost 1 bellowing 1 revolutions 1 crucifix 1 cast 1 descriptions 1 venus 1 spreading 1 themselves 1 off - put 1 passing 1 odor 1 lubricated 1 leaving 1 stagger 1 grew 1 middle 1 transformation 1 cat 1 impression 1 wake 1 terrestrial 1 clothes 1 unexpressive 1 failing 1 glacier 1 carefully 1 else 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 sundries 1 craving 1 lump 1 missing 1 stationed 1 outwrestle 1 disfigured 1 draws 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 slithering 1 slips 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 emerges 1 sharks 1 struck 1 settled 1 nipped 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 variation 1 accurate 1 squatting 1 aspirin 1 stowed 1 pursuit 1 diminish 1 yarding 1 catholics 1 tribe 1 lag 1 stomp 1 consider 1 carpet 1 frighten 1 weapon 1 sounded 1 funny 1 comprising 1 subtler 1 seemed 1 heavens 1 physics 1 design 1 demons 1 glanced 1 worried 1 enemies 1 pursue 1 becomes 1 sky - rises 1 abyssal 1 happiness 1 cliffs 1 kids 1 shattered 1 united 1 muttered 1 catches 1 gun 1 drone 1 chemicals 1 university 1 inquiry 1 bliss 1 hearkened 1 masses 1 nobody 1 trickling 1 dwindling 1 warm - blooded 1 submerge 1 tomes 1 gravid 1 powerful 1 ripple 1 stabbed 1 loved 1 thickening 1 soft 1 write 1 wildly 1 impairment 1 broken 1 fill 1 warmth 1 desolate 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 rippling 1 gaped 1 awnings 1 pool 1 irresistible 1 madro 1 is n't 1 gaily 1 decide 1 approaching 1 suitable 1 meant 1 workman 1 sterile 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 murder 1 recites 1 hurry 1 rumpled 1 form 1 addiction 1 traveled 1 scalpels 1 urges 1 toothpaste 1 elucidate 1 windows 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 maintains 1 3 - in - one 1 quonset 1 gravel 1 pleasure 1 bracing 1 candle 1 widow 1 veins 1 crazed 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 walk 1 number 1 drawings 1 revel 1 ominous 1 surely 1 flickering 1 prostrate 1 summed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 test 1 seep 1 molting 1 presume 1 heels 1 therefore 1 slowly 1 tape 1 ponderous 1 creatures 1 shoebox 1 carried 1 center - beam 1 mastered 1 sound 1 tissue 1 coat 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 albeit 1 golden 1 tendency 1 aeons 1 assume 1 pay 1 galleries 1 damp 1 got 1 crumble 1 interludes 1 mating 1 unpoked 1 subjected 1 especially 1 ice - age 1 precisely 1 easy 1 incomprehensible 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 guesswork 1 hospitality 1 sacrifice 1 chasm 1 residual 1 frost 1 scratchy 1 device 1 camera 1 vessel 1 antacid 1 slacks 1 field 1 lenses 1 sam 1 fairness 1 played 1 dangerous 1 pall 1 current 1 virus 1 catch 1 glared 1 north 1 recollection 1 deer 1 grounded 1 computer 1 niveous 1 round 1 gleaned 1 christ 1 slumberous 1 retrieve 1 housewives 1 nocturnal 1 shucking 1 would n't 1 prone 1 sanity 1 teeth 1 fabrications 1 complex 1 suspecting 1 cell 1 marred 1 spawning 1 showed 1 thrall 1 filled 1 string 1 grunted 1 probe 1 earthly 1 uttered 1 lightning 1 boiled 1 days 1 strapping 1 tablets 1 inconsiderable 1 keeps 1 firmament 1 anguish 1 muffled 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 consequence 1 despite 1 shallow 1 nameless 1 transforms 1 curtain 1 lamp 1 malign 1 rhode 1 porch 1 annoying 1 effigy 1 pitchforks 1 expertly 1 drip 1 fellow 1 feral 1 lot 1 binds 1 untroubled 1 murders 1 profane 1 hunger 1 mean 1 uproot 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 frailties 1 scope 1 accompany 1 steaming 1 taste 1 root 1 moved 1 effect 1 stay 1 blindly 1 quaver 1 trying 1 major 1 anesthetic 1 obscured 1 above 1 consciousness 1 play 1 snow 1 mortal 1 vigor 1 mighty 1 dancing 1 shrugged 1 discretion 1 lights 1 grasp 1 concupiscent 1 microrecorder 1 placed 1 blossom 1 thank 1 type 1 picking 1 context 1 situation 1 note 1 brink 1 perfection 1 stretch 1 distractions 1 distinctive 1 partially 1 pleasures 1 beard 1 thirty - eight - caliber 1 ramble 1 suckle 1 directly 1 hyaline 1 seeds 1 rejected 1 clathrose 1 blowing 1 killing 1 visions 1 holy 1 puzzle 1 artist 1 seek 1 mention 1 sea - green 1 hunted 1 patent - leather 1 poor 1 waking 1 waiting 1 doors 1 sliced 1 butterfly 1 poisoned 1 righteous 1 toss - axes 1 mug 1 shadowed 1 person 1 resurges 1 monsters 1 squalid 1 impoverished 1 hated 1 freezing 1 clusters 1 line 1 bosnia 1 moaning 1 genome 1 grace 1 need 1 earth 1 tinsel 1 skins 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 everything 1 young 1 spiral 1 offline 1 laugh 1 relentless 1 cusp 1 packages 1 sensitive 1 sequined 1 dwell 1 business 1 warding 1 locust 1 substance 1 although 1 claim 1 tears 1 important 1 presents 1 inaccessible 1 bore 1 girl 1 periods 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 ineluctable 1 affectations 1 bizarre 1 swiftly 1 speaking 1 red 1 notable 1 contains 1 clotted 1 alight 1 spurts 1 content 1 ill - tailored 1 witless 1 chilled 1 canvas 1 rendering 1 black 1 agree 1 philosophers 1 wood 1 anyway 1 nakedness 1 sifted 1 slouching 1 cases 1 shroud 1 warned 1 textures 1 monosyllabic 1 half - roll 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sagging 1 leaching 1 items 1 waters 1 steel 1 cataclysm 1 polyurethane 1 details 1 cocoon 1 metaphor 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 divinity 1 designed 1 fullness 1 shared 1 deities 1 warp 1 fleshly 1 listening 1 accelerated 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 embrace 1 atlantic 1 barred 1 flint 1 rambling 1 shadowlands 1 shorn 1 according 1 pebbles 1 oh 1 hapless 1 language 1 panting 1 dumping 1 scaly 1 bowl 1 assured 1 dinosaurs 1 methane 1 pitted 1 pick 1 winding 1 morning 1 hunched 1 feat 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 crumbling 1 abuse 1 opening 1 vague 1 irritation 1 palace 1 happening 1 moment 1 month 1 mirror 1 uncertain 1 widening 1 bombing 1 nip 1 reserve 1 stand 1 lifted 1 fist 1 risk 1 hungered 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 pressing 1 spoke 1 heat 1 brass 1 heave 1 pores 1 spritzed 1 map 1 inner 1 genial 1 mote 1 survive 1 ole 1 ages 1 predator 1 proper 1 places 1 perfunctory 1 slight 1 ago 1 contradiction 1 mistake 1 lifts 1 safely 1 surface 1 slip 1 hound 1 crack 1 veil 1 trick 1 maybe 1 sequestered 1 guessed 1 normal 1 hood 1 charlatan 1 kindred 1 groove 1 purple 1 kernel 1 beads 1 station 1 crawled 1 truly 1 foolish 1 castle 1 seat 1 torches 1 happened 1 thick 1 nail 1 blinding 1 brutally 1 random 1 lumpy 1 urgency 1 floundering 1 contrived 1 shuttering 1 pyrgoidal 1 disposable 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 opened 1 glistening 1 lame 1 speaker 1 remains 1 face 1 morass 1 delusion 1 home 1 slumbers 1 reasoning 1 murky 1 movement 1 phantasms 1 gazed 1 hoarded 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 legend 1 thorough 1 accuracy 1 survives 1 bones 1 coomb 1 nome 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 become 1 congress 1 took 1 sagacity 1 burned 1 rending 1 seems 1 sapiens 1 clutching 1 smeared 1 careful 1 rest 1 seasons 1 swaying 1 temperatures 1 indulge 1 connell 's 1 heathen 1 pretended 1 chose 1 astronomers 1 sliding 1 sip 1 subterfuge 1 hobbled 1 thinking 1 beings 1 navy 1 vicious 1 scheme 1 intuition 1 uncle 1 love 1 leg 1 rheumy 1 counts 1 bowels 1 ringed 1 stories 1 buffalo 1 ineffable 1 construct 1 unto 1 tongs 1 miles 1 images 1 service 1 forever 1 three 1 anticipatory 1 feeling 1 squamous 1 hearing 1 sadness 1 three - and - a - half 1 flake 1 imprinted 1 void 1 cawed 1 progress 1 self - employed 1 tropical 1 discover 1 full 1 identification 1 refulgence 1 pocked 1 sublime 1 boat 1 doubt 1 assault 1 fetid 1 hardly 1 detector 1 rottweiler 1 brief 1 crushed 1 sprawling 1 blatantly 1 unasked 1 unions 1 recalcitrant 1 speech 1 delighted 1 considered 1 arcane 1 threatening 1 inarticulate 1 moist 1 murphy 1 refined 1 witness 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 proportion 1 trees 1 craggy 1 foul 1 private 1 ordeal 1 happen 1 predating 1 anecdote 1 heel 1 command 1 reconnoiter 1 forged 1 rain 1 ethiopia 1 quite 1 very 1 moon 1 nonetheless 1 galaxy 1 police - issue 1 churning 1 blinking 1 refrain 1 homo 1 slouched 1 leashed 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 sweat 1 pecked 1 warm 1 theater 1 ordering 1 strip 1 starshine 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 appetite 1 blunt 1 teaspoon 1 drift 1 cloying 1 ring 1 pricked 1 primeval 1 suit 1 tired 1 pitcher 1 caressing 1 billion 1 celebrations 1 knuckles 1 authenticity 1 weeks 1 pardon 1 losing 1 deep 1 horizon 1 amusing 1 pounce 1 guided 1 sun 1 poisoning 1 offices 1 bottomless 1 haunting 1 quake 1 impulses 1 famine 1 prolongated 1 remembered 1 uncle 's 1 brushing 1 waste 1 hemorrhoid 1 changes 1 hold 1 nations 1 precise 1 whiskey 1 indicate 1 cabalists 1 accidents 1 free 1 rich 1 branches 1 labor 1 regeneration 1 license 1 apprehended 1 requisite 1 glory 1 allow 1 cognition 1 hour 1 tracks 1 larger 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 mount 1 unkind 1 born 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 alarm 1 spread 1 den 1 rictus 1 given 1 incarnations 1 friends 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 trifle 1 bosom 1 idols 1 bind 1 shower 1 chain 1 separate 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 lingered 1 between 1 loft 1 parts 1 book 1 peru 1 fumbling 1 judgment 1 wedged 1 cryptic 1 incident 1 prehistoric 1 secret 1 branch 1 geographics 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 stippled 1 kill 1 philippines 1 wisely 1 investors 1 silk 1 chaos 1 transferred 1 microbes 1 saddened 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 seared 1 stale 1 draped 1 fully 1 eastern 1 misfortunate 1 soothing 1 scriven 1 day 1 lulled 1 half - blind 1 accord 1 slay 1 suppose 1 huddle 1 must 1 checking 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 justify 1 single 1 slumber 1 since 1 television 1 cinders 1 knocking 1 normally 1 dire 1 darted 1 crocodile 1 creak 1 resembling 1 assumptions 1 obliquangular 1 did n't 1 himself 1 lost 1 tone 1 watched 1 machines 1 nook 1 founding 1 rented 1 unfriendly 1 suffered 1 cared 1 crash 1 wants 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 thread 1 verification 1 tribulations 1 biologists 1 jellyfish 1 wither 1 grains 1 blot 1 trip 1 dredged 1 native 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 fleeing 1 convince 1 perfectly 1 celestial 1 stranded 1 knees 1 lumbering 1 mugs 1 holiday 1 59 1 hammer 1 management 1 boarded 1 uneasiness 1 equal 1 absorbed 1 other 's 1 douses 1 spear 1 visor 1 steeping 1 tends 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 chevrolet 1 mated 1 nor 1 gander 1 ground 1 beneath 1 reached 1 coast 1 pleasurable 1 stark 1 roasting 1 straw 1 enforcement 1 fashion 1 believe 1 salesmen 1 trailing 1 accept 1 troopers 1 splayed 1 gloom 1 could n't 1 bethlehem 1 yes 1 solid 1 mode 1 marvel 1 creepy 1 scrambling 1 springs 1 gusts 1 abrupt 1 called 1 submarines 1 carnival 1 floating 1 knotted 1 lurked 1 looming 1 step 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 immense 1 centuries 1 adjusted 1 unsubstantiated 1 neglected 1 gazing 1 delved 1 steakhouse 1 twin 1 membrane 1 small 1 dread 1 clumsy 1 contemplation 1 limits 1 color 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 locked 1 fancy 1 glide 1 sort 1 drank 1 exposed 1 blossoming 1 exclamations 1 lightless 1 ask 1 warns 1 shelf 1 suing 1 plant 1 nearly 1 low 1 inevitable 1 sensational 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 take 1 minute 1 inhabit 1 impossible 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 linear 1 books 1 school 1 frigid 1 griseous 1 maintained 1 ponder 1 slant 1 cursed 1 silicon 1 psychedelic 1 copulation 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 islets 1 present 1 formicating 1 virgins 1 amuse 1 decaying 1 peace 1 nectar 1 joined 1 interrupted 1 mantle 1 cabins 1 dominating 1 driving 1 self - determination 1 correct 1 values 1 spinning 1 phrase 1 temples 1 laconic 1 fastening 1 bitter 1 colliding 1 confusion 1 ultimate 1 cavernous 1 jelly 1 shores 1 list 1 accident 1 crow 1 falls 1 massive 1 organisms 1 swamps 1 supplication 1 glaucous 1 eats 1 side 1 fired 1 antiquitous 1 town 1 enough 1 acting 1 bloom 1 portend 1 hunter 1 completely 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 amusement 1 continents 1 loneliness 1 pulsating 1 paid 1 atheists 1 instant 1 imprecations 1 procreation 1 majority 1 hubris 1 decimated 1 glue 1 carry 1 spirit 1 learn 1 gleaming 1 involvement 1 extending 1 investigation 1 obsidian 1 traces 1 heller 1 glasses 1 origins 1 burn 1 latest 1 works 1 brought 1 cosmetics 1 oaths 1 along 1 filtering 1 bestow 1 fur 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 drop 1 football 1 scrabbling 1 reduced 1 missionaries 1 times 1 scientists 1 electrochemical 1 feared 1 persons 1 prawns 1 decay 1 pluto 1 saw 1 quaint 1 painless 1 corporations 1 overall 1 structure 1 clearer 925 .
six six six - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 six six six 438 the 265 and 205 a 146 of 114 he 106 to 98 she 97 in 95 her 88 his 80 i 75 was 54 on 54 it 52 you 49 that 44 with 37 for 34 as 34 said 30 from 29 at 28 into 26 not 25 were 25 this 25 my 23 what 22 me 22 one 21 him 21 is 21 like 18 i ' m 18 had 18 but 17 or 17 your 17 so 17 light 17 when 16 over 16 through 15 by 15 would 15 pop 15 did n't 15 room 14 an 14 there 14 house 14 it 's 13 no 13 did 13 glass 13 they 13 them 12 do n't 12 if 12 off 12 all 12 black 12 then 12 do 12 out 11 something 11 wine 11 made 11 karl 11 thought 11 across 11 see 11 door 10 he 'd 10 back 10 father 10 eyes 10 she 's 10 carling 10 around 9 get 9 was n't 9 its 9 than 9 why 9 another 9 got 8 that 's 8 under 8 we 8 after 8 more 8 toward 8 up 8 magic 8 family 8 about 8 face 8 here 8 put 8 while 7 even 7 better 7 set 7 hair 7 way 7 living 7 again 7 left 7 against 7 know 7 how 7 their 7 until 7 box 7 old 7 oh 7 are 7 feel 7 hand 7 window 7 ca n't 7 head 7 she 'd 7 thing 6 robe 6 table 6 could 6 want 6 who 6 away 6 just 6 went 6 you 're 6 be 6 much 6 come 6 some 6 bedroom 6 now 6 too 6 mean 6 mention 6 think 6 feet 6 down 6 long 6 floor 6 been 6 us 6 before 5 going 5 really 5 real 5 shut 5 bad 5 right 5 fire 5 never 5 dark 5 say 5 bed 5 neck 5 kind 5 there 's 5 wall 5 where 5 kitchen 5 abba 5 other 5 yeah 5 far 5 sound 5 time 5 place 5 darkness 5 have 5 talk 5 maybe 5 cold 5 trees 5 still 5 will 5 dry 5 stairs 5 day 5 called 5 tell 5 sister 4 can 4 gone 4 met 4 white 4 couch 4 go 4 hot 4 husband 4 god 4 flashlight 4 poured 4 our 4 brightened 4 came 4 someone 4 screamed 4 lying 4 upon 4 plates 4 only 4 pop 's 4 good 4 probably 4 mind 4 kids 4 parents 4 hung 4 elvira 4 well 4 air 4 man 4 hall 4 edge 4 forth 4 has 4 turned 4 grabbed 4 lay 4 hell 4 let 's 4 unless 4 wood 4 hate 4 grass 4 blue 4 record 4 sell 4 full 4 tonight 4 very 4 sat 4 six 4 satan 4 whiskey 4 scary 4 space 4 phantasmagoria 4 hole 4 pale 4 yes 4 locked 4 night 4 walked 4 name 4 anything 4 brought 4 years 4 first 3 tragic 3 resembled 3 wo n't 3 people 3 breath 3 rose 3 occasion 3 foot 3 hope 3 four 3 near 3 he 's 3 little 3 those 3 brother 3 without 3 smiled 3 chair 3 sinatra 3 drawing 3 voice 3 special 3 less 3 decided 3 died 3 company 3 middle 3 cat 3 bergman 3 woods 3 i ' ve 3 seemed 3 except 3 view 3 worse 3 stood 3 is n't 3 beam 3 baby 3 being 3 windows 3 walls 3 best 3 also 3 fear 3 tripod 3 field 3 yard 3 would n't 3 filled 3 lamp 3 clouds 3 lot 3 began 3 returned 3 trying 3 breast 3 guts 3 should 3 hunted 3 kissed 3 does 3 everything 3 mom 3 red 3 car 3 itself 3 nailed 3 drummer 3 bag 3 every 3 terrible 3 case 3 ago 3 dead 3 together 3 handful 3 stared 3 home 3 large 3 belt 3 took 3 might 3 second 3 work 3 two 3 smile 3 let 3 fireplace 3 nice 3 lanterns 3 tight 3 became 3 i 'd 3 handle 3 hook 3 deep 3 branches 3 between 3 fake 3 because 3 idea 3 dust 3 used 3 point 3 does n't 3 drank 3 game 3 low 3 take 3 fell 3 either 3 tried 3 leave 3 along 3 lantern 2 dropped 2 trust 2 favorite 2 matter 2 ran 2 goddamned 2 return 2 drunk 2 stone 2 keep 2 panel 2 fetched 2 arms 2 pile 2 holding 2 yellow 2 country 2 poison 2 realizing 2 cabinet 2 both 2 lest 2 wet 2 doing 2 candles 2 third 2 joel 2 haunted 2 beams 2 revealing 2 dad 2 plain 2 late 2 we 'll 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 lane 2 tools 2 sea 2 tie 2 player 2 popped 2 lips 2 shelter 2 billy 2 series 2 bloody 2 swept 2 beyond 2 von 2 months 2 helicopter 2 later 2 metal 2 iron 2 gave 2 balcony 2 features 2 depressed 2 notice 2 motion 2 end 2 pictures 2 cork 2 continued 2 ankle 2 order 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 fan 2 scream 2 ringo 2 sure 2 new 2 hooks 2 swirled 2 sweet 2 fence 2 look 2 hat 2 shrieking 2 part 2 knows 2 tomb 2 making 2 heard 2 ovals 2 skull 2 last 2 next 2 devil 2 make 2 big 2 shoulders 2 leaving 2 liked 2 pasta 2 mist 2 film 2 liquor 2 else 2 inside 2 steady 2 rapidly 2 escape 2 bat 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 hallway 2 glanced 2 nobody 2 forest 2 loved 2 have n't 2 crazy 2 office 2 none 2 world 2 give 2 funeral 2 beware 2 clicked 2 divan 2 pea 2 crashed 2 damp 2 broom 2 opinions 2 such 2 chuckled 2 played 2 guess 2 exception 2 floated 2 teeth 2 showed 2 globe 2 misc 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 library 2 we 'd 2 masks 2 ice 2 notion 2 reunion 2 above 2 bastard 2 play 2 clockmaker 2 figures 2 knew 2 warped 2 flesh 2 naked 2 snakes 2 market 2 front 2 things 2 police 2 few 2 hip 2 word 2 city 2 monsters 2 nothing 2 quilt 2 slipped 2 business 2 might ' ve 2 mine 2 wrapped 2 fingers 2 below 2 during 2 drink 2 faint 2 steel 2 open 2 childhood 2 dog 2 easily 2 comes 2 whatever 2 rippled 2 arranged 2 township 2 crowbar 2 moment 2 arm 2 mouth 2 we 're 2 lean 2 blow 2 truly 2 had n't 2 thick 2 twisting 2 couple 2 sense 2 built 2 separated 2 rested 2 several 2 rest 2 sing 2 water 2 talked 2 footsteps 2 love 2 terror 2 vistas 2 each 2 hatchet 2 reality 2 pieces 2 half 2 block 2 rooms 2 fluttered 2 jumped 2 witch 2 wind 2 quite 2 curtains 2 stopped 2 lunatic 2 collected 2 vacation 2 thus 2 hour 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 spread 2 yet 2 dinner 2 bolted 2 kill 2 looked 2 stale 2 needle 2 faces 2 faded 2 dunno 2 peeked 2 appeared 2 backward 2 wooden 2 always 2 watched 2 toe 2 led 2 weird 2 level 2 decade 2 spring 2 empty 2 hearth 2 mother 2 guy 2 pentagram 2 nor 2 beneath 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 could n't 2 skipped 2 murderous 2 which 2 small 2 click 2 sort 2 dozen 2 held 2 minute 2 finally 2 try 2 once 2 cursed 2 vermin 2 sandals 2 these 2 ate 2 closer 2 blank 2 helped 2 looking 2 glasses 2 bought 2 floorboards 2 party 2 remained 2 counter 2 times 2 pair 2 saw 1 descended 1 taken 1 nearest 1 colorado 1 strained 1 twenty 1 wait 1 visage 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 cool 1 farther 1 slung 1 everyone 1 lies 1 muck 1 owned 1 guest 1 source 1 local 1 sink 1 squatted 1 education 1 growl 1 truck 1 muybridge 1 show 1 viennese 1 wheel 1 danced 1 flushing 1 figured 1 gather 1 serious 1 grievances 1 micro - scope 1 stirring 1 multi - paned 1 final 1 already 1 occulted 1 ghost 1 inserted 1 danger 1 vigorously 1 tramp 1 heavily 1 wad 1 specters 1 kneeling 1 evening 1 commence 1 owner 1 happy 1 nest 1 sweaty 1 whenever 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 reflection 1 wiring 1 smacked 1 fridge 1 thunderclaps 1 antiquarians 1 wonder 1 missed 1 narrowed 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 dared 1 black - trunked 1 anticipate 1 survey 1 doll 1 dragged 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 blocked 1 eventually 1 rushing 1 1890 1 bordered 1 motes 1 vista 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 sobbing 1 aunts 1 object 1 sticks 1 telescoped 1 morphed 1 folks 1 casting 1 behind 1 planning 1 splintered 1 ashes 1 edges 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 honeymoon 1 frightful 1 eighteenth 1 foreign 1 collectors 1 rather 1 stuff 1 cute 1 whitewashed 1 volume 1 draft 1 distorted 1 bottles 1 save 1 gripping 1 who 'd 1 area 1 groan 1 gets 1 today 1 charming 1 downshifted 1 card 1 sick 1 creepers 1 clan 1 peculiarly 1 psychos 1 meat 1 affected 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 eccentricity 1 artists 1 bejeezus 1 decayed 1 simple 1 purchased 1 furniture 1 foiled 1 beach 1 deadly 1 shimmered 1 worn 1 walkway 1 disjointed 1 draught 1 apocalyptic 1 silent 1 twitched 1 shine 1 many 1 fat 1 bare 1 orange 1 surprised 1 wanting 1 slate 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 act 1 silhouette 1 how 's 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 thrown 1 stooped 1 withered 1 uh - oh 1 hock 1 damn 1 shows 1 ripped 1 artificiality 1 carrion 1 ingmar 1 emanated 1 damned 1 menial 1 wow 1 angular 1 variety 1 wedding 1 switch 1 illegible 1 confessional 1 qualities 1 ironic 1 unsteady 1 cough 1 dirty 1 frail 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 wan 1 shaken 1 squalls 1 kept 1 bold 1 austere 1 trail 1 past 1 split 1 jack 1 canopy 1 passed 1 framed 1 emotionally 1 shit 1 proportions 1 button 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 prophetic 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 yonder 1 scaring 1 moments 1 hacking 1 zone 1 crouched 1 visualized 1 forgotten 1 soon 1 records 1 voila 1 solar 1 panoply 1 great 1 strips 1 surprisingly 1 pecking 1 follow 1 strength 1 sticky 1 cells 1 saturday 1 everybody 's 1 whistled 1 intend 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 wavered 1 remoteness 1 chest 1 interested 1 shadows 1 condo 1 victims 1 putting 1 eternal 1 pissing 1 takes 1 child 1 onto 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 light - play 1 unflappable 1 send 1 cautiously 1 collaborated 1 eyes ' 1 patricians 1 vulgar 1 capered 1 nose 1 fathers 1 tripped 1 wide 1 leisurely 1 seated 1 start 1 bone 1 cutting 1 snaring 1 house 's 1 intertwined 1 timbers 1 shiver 1 actually 1 packing 1 leaning 1 shed 1 money 1 anyone 1 sugarplum 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 suck 1 corrugated 1 hoped 1 beat 1 strolls 1 sydow 1 rats 1 carve 1 ten 1 secretive 1 curious 1 amazing 1 sydow 's 1 regarding 1 blob 1 ceiling 1 report 1 monster 1 most 1 settee 1 hundreds 1 tops 1 emoting 1 panes 1 rust 1 repatriate 1 stead 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 reveals 1 bible - thumping 1 shapes 1 kin 1 village 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 offed 1 kicks 1 swede 1 sorts 1 neither 1 survived 1 clambering 1 braced 1 fact 1 seen 1 shocked 1 cats 1 stayed 1 rim 1 sloppy 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 confused 1 strong 1 forests 1 mother 's 1 master 1 baring 1 lemonade 1 refilled 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 max 1 father 's 1 arguing 1 magistrate 's 1 kiddo 1 kittens 1 keepsake 1 flat 1 slime 1 farmers 1 fly 1 facsimile 1 narrowly 1 behold 1 tall 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 smash 1 unfortunately 1 stuck 1 hookers 1 value 1 cast 1 hinting 1 hit 1 crowd 1 uh 1 puff 1 hanging 1 departed 1 shimmering 1 grew 1 portals 1 rat 1 launched 1 sophisticated 1 floor - a 1 robes 1 impression 1 growled 1 ones 1 wake 1 non 1 certainly 1 ceilings 1 music 1 playing 1 occupation 1 hiding 1 tomorrow 1 flickered 1 resisted 1 busy 1 heir 1 disliked 1 forced 1 focus 1 son 's 1 keen 1 eave 1 discuss 1 jittery 1 selling 1 acceded 1 pursed 1 sighed 1 somebody 1 cluttered 1 laughing 1 satellite 1 stowed 1 familial 1 ritual 1 reconstituted 1 shift 1 sweden 1 war - rant 1 older 1 ties 1 break 1 course 1 paved 1 frighten 1 farm - style 1 steamed 1 realtor 1 shone 1 sounded 1 funny 1 lepers 1 outlawed 1 specific 1 design 1 demons 1 enemies 1 theatrical 1 components 1 whirred 1 shattered 1 occurred 1 torments 1 blurred 1 muttered 1 worthy 1 swamp 1 visiting 1 bitchy 1 okay 1 corroded 1 entered 1 stir 1 tomes 1 manner 1 claymation 1 fractured 1 buzz 1 wanted 1 soft 1 economy 1 unpacked 1 movements 1 curve 1 sucker 1 abutted 1 earnest 1 dissolving 1 facet 1 adjustments 1 sex 1 landscapes 1 sharp 1 gang 1 abstracted 1 bikers 1 followed 1 unhappily 1 fascination 1 chivalric 1 strange 1 dragging 1 peered 1 cellar 1 erratic 1 bunny 1 insurance 1 obsessed 1 stabs 1 garbled 1 flashed 1 tinfoil 1 marker 1 tidily 1 demesne 1 latch 1 cherished 1 cops 1 form 1 murk 1 biker 1 grata 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 easter 1 patriarchal 1 lie 1 obsession 1 overwhelming 1 pact 1 bombshell 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 hers 1 immediate 1 sympathetic 1 relieved 1 moonlight 1 fooling 1 raced 1 cottages 1 jesus 1 inhabiting 1 hard 1 knock 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 cheese 1 flickering 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 brandy 1 starts 1 hospitable 1 loped 1 waited 1 lazily 1 maw 1 pollen 1 aloud 1 slowly 1 contemplated 1 tumble 1 ponderous 1 blackened 1 question 1 psychotic 1 carried 1 dimmer 1 to - do 1 lennon 1 bled 1 spit 1 spike 1 cancer 1 stranger 1 folded 1 reaching 1 coat 1 documented 1 grainy 1 overlook 1 gears 1 assume 1 throbbed 1 bears 1 retreating 1 especially 1 ha 1 standing 1 cut 1 broach 1 rush 1 plugged 1 easy 1 coming 1 europe 1 rica 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 demonic 1 paralysis 1 panted 1 lake 1 dial 1 packed 1 french 1 likes 1 sap 1 nut 1 plumb 1 pain 1 thorny 1 lenses 1 somebody 's 1 cowl 1 toothy 1 ancient 1 container 1 too - full 1 fun 1 perceptions 1 deer 1 combining 1 attic 1 adjusting 1 computer 1 patch 1 fairytale 1 convenience 1 illumination 1 instantly 1 you 'll 1 personality 1 twice 1 ghoulish 1 cracking 1 ancestral 1 autograph 1 bulged 1 brunkert 1 flies 1 planks 1 dirt 1 cry 1 string 1 offload 1 labored 1 curse 1 renaissance 1 filmed 1 tin 1 diarrhea 1 days 1 rudimentary 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 throat 1 tying 1 cagey 1 honestly 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 vinyl 1 turnip 1 use 1 sealed 1 week 1 switched 1 curtain 1 honeybunch 1 minutes 1 commute 1 panels 1 porch 1 remade 1 dropcloth 1 pine 1 distant 1 sundown 1 daggers 1 spontaneous 1 rare 1 altering 1 safe 1 feral 1 outburst 1 pointed 1 chin 1 thicker 1 heated 1 hoarse 1 freezer 1 rail 1 nodded 1 efficiency 1 daytona 1 nearby 1 bet 1 uncles 1 range 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 perhaps 1 amidst 1 perspective 1 reinforced 1 help 1 thin 1 gamboled 1 snow 1 noise 1 performances 1 cruel 1 eldest 1 cozy 1 sinewy 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 insight 1 studied 1 cracked 1 churned 1 bit 1 grasp 1 oozing 1 claw 1 lots 1 peasant 1 wriggled 1 thank 1 pseudo - leather 1 worked 1 slackened 1 check 1 beauty 1 laundry 1 nature 1 eye 1 effing 1 vomited 1 partially 1 surging 1 top 1 afternoon 1 bunch 1 jagged 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 told 1 york 1 visions 1 famous 1 gym 1 collapse 1 promised 1 putrefying 1 snagged 1 spider 1 liquid 1 heads 1 snuffed 1 interest 1 poor 1 cobwebs 1 tea 1 trailed 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 quantum 1 settlement 1 ghouls 1 passion 1 era 1 stroked 1 atop 1 dearly 1 reformed 1 slide 1 whipping 1 bulky 1 mesmerizing 1 slug 1 grief 1 furnace 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 lonesome 1 sputtered 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 need 1 persist 1 swear 1 oval 1 yanks 1 maggots 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 center 1 spiked 1 laugh 1 playful 1 powered 1 eyeballs 1 trunk 1 wiped 1 power 1 pound 1 although 1 girl 1 wondered 1 sluice 1 plants 1 traditions 1 discos 1 bristles 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 lurking 1 forgive 1 control 1 multiplied 1 pants 1 canvas 1 shrimp 1 anyway 1 gulp 1 lightly 1 diffuse 1 deeper 1 speak 1 grade 1 recently 1 stirred 1 sad 1 lover 1 shitting 1 pastoral 1 lady 1 mock 1 whispered 1 writing 1 slightest 1 call 1 claws 1 chipped 1 comment 1 filed 1 wreck 1 dregs 1 magnified 1 knitting 1 occultist 1 screens 1 boles 1 extended 1 victorian 1 volunteered 1 stork 1 contained 1 ethereal 1 height 1 pressed 1 shoved 1 apertures 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 rig 1 arrival 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 horses 1 rambling 1 weak 1 joint 1 helping 1 thinned 1 suggest 1 thousandth 1 speck 1 great - great 1 cleaner 1 winding 1 main 1 reminded 1 somber 1 drive 1 excellent 1 somewhere 1 date 1 arch 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 vague 1 life 1 subject 1 odd 1 system 1 mirror 1 brings 1 petty 1 shifting 1 widening 1 innards 1 model 1 pushed 1 cabbages 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 stainless 1 sky 1 retrieved 1 fussing 1 jostling 1 clicking 1 brass 1 shuddered 1 ignore 1 eadweard 1 beside 1 study 1 buzzed 1 ages 1 places 1 silver 1 sailed 1 mass 1 defined 1 inappropriate 1 entertain 1 uh - uh 1 embarrassed 1 girls 1 animal 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 primitive 1 circles 1 closet 1 overhand 1 own 1 touched 1 executor 1 hamburger 1 toy 1 crawled 1 station 1 art 1 shh 1 buckets 1 clump 1 shuffled 1 seat 1 happened 1 shelters 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 run 1 mexico 1 resentment 1 hates 1 reappeared 1 answer 1 getting 1 shuttering 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 rowed 1 fucking 1 dwelt 1 aside 1 variations 1 literally 1 gulped 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 physically 1 grand 1 loathed 1 scrabbled 1 memories 1 stones 1 breeze 1 snapped 1 unlocked 1 central 1 shove 1 burned 1 overpowering 1 tykes 1 generations 1 pleased 1 rivals 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 receded 1 plate 1 cranked 1 thinking 1 plush 1 reel 1 heart 1 started 1 concession 1 america 1 exponentially 1 adjourned 1 leg 1 wishing 1 baltic 1 scarred 1 cougars 1 tipped 1 landing 1 accentuated 1 images 1 wan na 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 emerged 1 whether 1 napkin 1 three 1 paul 's 1 horror 1 clickety - click 1 movers 1 sprang 1 enjoyed 1 peeled 1 grave 1 swayed 1 1930 1 predated 1 muse 1 consternation 1 void 1 backed 1 screw 1 discover 1 towel 1 proves 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 recognized 1 bird 1 double 1 ec 1 conjuring 1 shrillness 1 crushed 1 find 1 decision 1 shadow 1 among 1 considered 1 daddy 's 1 soap 1 remind 1 crawling 1 dole 1 imagined 1 clods 1 someplace 1 ordeal 1 raging 1 happen 1 irregular 1 rule 1 long - handled 1 direction 1 skin 1 warning 1 rain 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 moon 1 exterminator 1 were n't 1 popular 1 vapor 1 lease 1 stuffed 1 alike 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 stillness 1 beaten 1 grandpa 1 dominated 1 bowed 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 suit 1 billion 1 pokers 1 blood 1 insufferably 1 weeks 1 bitchier 1 frames 1 approached 1 quality 1 vision 1 grate 1 mean - while 1 flowed 1 rotating 1 hold 1 felt 1 same 1 prying 1 loose 1 sent 1 dim 1 gloaming 1 footboard 1 snoqualmie 1 predecessors 1 born 1 shuddering 1 pissed 1 coke 1 graduated 1 ass 1 cushion 1 undefined 1 knee - high 1 arched 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 gadget 1 longstanding 1 nabbed 1 pantry 1 lives 1 flaming 1 parlor 1 conical 1 roofs 1 scuttled 1 though 1 filtered 1 secret 1 urge 1 drum 1 collar 1 pulls 1 transmogrification 1 slapping 1 wolf 1 bawling 1 romanticized 1 fantasized 1 am 1 there 'll 1 pattern 1 uptown 1 ebay 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 dangling 1 performing 1 unnerved 1 eleven 1 garbed 1 single 1 accelerating 1 since 1 mildly 1 buffaloes 1 willy - nilly 1 persona 1 swung 1 ever 1 gods 1 reclined 1 scrawled 1 dogs 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 lastly 1 county 1 touch 1 spikes 1 warn 1 spitting 1 thirty - five 1 aperture 1 actor 1 within 1 points 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 traded 1 myself 1 ready 1 echoed 1 feuds 1 shushed 1 trip 1 seeping 1 wear 1 acted 1 condition 1 scabrous 1 bored 1 covered 1 foreground 1 train 1 slap 1 trio 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 says 1 asked 1 youngest 1 articulated 1 hammer 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 nightmares 1 slightly 1 joy 1 glancing 1 beaming 1 shook 1 muddy 1 glittered 1 survival 1 leered 1 grandfather 1 assassination 1 steps 1 true 1 vent 1 sacrificial 1 etched 1 swallowed 1 argue 1 costa 1 straw 1 disintegrate 1 resembles 1 believe 1 hillock 1 moving 1 bah 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 gloom 1 paternal 1 stamping 1 firelight 1 child 's 1 secure 1 faddah 1 daylight 1 facades 1 boor 1 messages 1 relatives 1 are n't 1 fetish 1 roses 1 floating 1 bubbles 1 mary 1 step 1 titles 1 hushed 1 brushed 1 spill 1 charged 1 sibling 1 rivalry 1 machine 1 forehead 1 loop 1 shaking 1 dread 1 briefly 1 found 1 color 1 cascade 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 gents 1 vase 1 reading 1 bigger 1 repeated 1 snob 1 glow 1 sharper 1 pictured 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 shabby 1 pure 1 fifty 1 haiti 1 upbeat 1 ovens 1 paul 1 temptation 1 toddies 1 knives 1 occasions 1 contraption 1 impossible 1 husband 's 1 claimed 1 kettle 1 books 1 school 1 off - kilter 1 hospitals 1 sawing 1 lose 1 wings 1 bands 1 nubs 1 roofie 1 paint 1 vibes 1 wore 1 jibber - jabber 1 hundredth 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 dome 1 unexplained 1 gradually 1 neighbor 's 1 sang 1 noticed 1 century 1 temples 1 five 1 crank 1 list 1 projected 1 accident 1 strokes 1 section 1 desk 1 side 1 street 1 spines 1 town 1 kings 1 tasks 1 enough 1 modern 1 acid 1 knotholes 1 gold 1 unlike 1 eve 1 instant 1 reddened 1 imagery 1 unloaded 1 contorted 1 puppies 1 snore 1 vertigo 1 dealing 1 dimmed 1 shutters 1 burn 1 stomach 1 defiance 1 shop 1 inheriting 1 avoided 1 leaped 1 listen 1 punchbowl 1 foundation 1 jacket 1 spying 1 railing 1 selection 1 unwind 1 slithered 1 frowned 1 feared 1 team 1 noises 1 logs 1 high 1 h 1 quaint 1 picture 1 scene 926 .
the broadsword - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the broadsword 859 the 495 and 422 a 331 of 289 his 274 he 274 to 252 in 185 was 128 you 110 it 103 from 103 pershing 94 that 91 him 91 on 89 with 82 for 80 i 79 as 78 at 73 her 67 had 67 said 60 she 55 this 54 they 50 or 50 he 'd 50 an 47 were 47 if 47 into 44 be 43 by 41 what 40 like 39 their 39 one 37 so 37 not 36 them 35 about 34 mel 33 but 33 terry 33 through 32 when 31 more 31 wanda 30 me 30 no 29 than 29 is 28 who 27 we 27 there 27 out 26 over 26 all 26 around 25 do n't 25 been 24 got 24 two 24 then 23 your 22 would 22 its 22 back 22 come 22 how 22 made 22 did n't 22 night 21 i ' m 21 elgin 21 after 21 up 21 apartment 21 have 21 are 20 man 20 my 20 himself 20 while 18 could 18 do 18 which 17 pershing 's 17 away 17 just 17 went 17 off 17 old 16 some 16 other 16 too 16 few 16 these 15 now 15 until 15 face 15 thought 15 hand 14 even 14 behind 14 broadsword 14 hell 14 black 14 own 14 long 14 it 's 14 years 14 room 13 better 13 dark 13 gave 13 did 13 left 13 know 13 well 13 stood 13 time 13 oh 13 down 13 here 13 day 13 head 12 going 12 get 12 right 12 was n't 12 came 12 seen 12 only 12 make 12 every 12 maybe 12 light 12 detective 12 called 12 see 12 before 11 something 11 much 11 days 11 told 11 girl 11 had n't 11 lived 11 heart 11 water 11 three 11 put 11 tell 11 door 11 anything 11 along 10 that 's 10 near 10 little 10 you 're 10 any 10 where 10 heard 10 wanted 10 should 10 hours 10 eyes 10 wanda 's 10 vent 10 could n't 10 across 9 gone 9 people 9 eric 9 many 9 say 9 woman 9 shadows 9 woods 9 mind 9 place 9 men 9 person 9 house 9 morning 9 home 9 couple 9 took 9 several 9 yet 9 ever 9 saw 9 first 8 really 8 dennard 8 go 8 we 'll 8 talking 8 way 8 our 8 smiled 8 upon 8 last 8 against 8 inside 8 why 8 another 8 such 8 hotel 8 klecko 8 lay 8 hopkins 8 gina 8 drink 8 hands 8 cabin 8 will 8 i 'll 8 felt 8 because 8 wife 8 ask 8 take 8 window 8 she 'd 7 can 7 never 7 neck 7 end 7 someone 7 sure 7 wall 7 good 7 least 7 almost 7 toward 7 mr 7 glass 7 terry 's 7 sound 7 phone 7 bottle 7 bit 7 knew 7 red 7 during 7 darkness 7 life 7 moment 7 heat 7 dead 7 stared 7 second 7 love 7 find 7 trees 7 skin 7 friend 7 asked 7 done 7 small 7 weather 7 walked 7 five 7 enough 7 thing 6 danger 6 building 6 table 6 set 6 bad 6 stuff 6 late 6 fire 6 wine 6 hair 6 orange 6 wrong 6 those 6 months 6 turn 6 soon 6 living 6 superintendent 6 most 6 there 's 6 somebody 6 i ' ve 6 office 6 yeah 6 none 6 being 6 hard 6 fear 6 coming 6 minutes 6 brain 6 grinned 6 moved 6 pop 6 afternoon 6 certain 6 things 6 police 6 think 6 nothing 6 everything 6 mom 6 although 6 below 6 feet 6 arm 6 family 6 mouth 6 sense 6 rest 6 might 6 jimmy 6 ordbecker 6 quite 6 walker 6 blood 6 weeks 6 children 6 always 6 lost 6 watched 6 within 6 dressed 6 dreams 6 she 's 6 school 6 either 6 closer 6 us 5 drunk 5 real 5 elgin 's 5 tree 5 hot 5 who 'd 5 watching 5 damn 5 they 'd 5 later 5 kept 5 under 5 bed 5 great 5 child 5 new 5 sugar 5 voice 5 actually 5 anyone 5 relationship 5 hat 5 big 5 else 5 course 5 kids 5 gloria 5 percy 5 except 5 nobody 5 is n't 5 air 5 cops 5 chuckled 5 hills 5 turned 5 week 5 clouds 5 lights 5 outside 5 young 5 car 5 whispered 5 open 5 pack 5 odd 5 system 5 care 5 visit 5 together 5 cold 5 distance 5 frame 5 laughter 5 feel 5 started 5 sly 5 became 5 sweat 5 broke 5 between 5 dinner 5 body 5 appeared 5 shook 5 darkened 5 laughed 5 found 5 dozen 5 finally 5 killed 5 floor 5 noticed 5 side 5 name 5 glasses 5 mark 5 pair 5 high 4 dropped 4 everyone 4 owned 4 depths 4 hear 4 figured 4 saying 4 met 4 white 4 sleep 4 eventually 4 shut 4 prior 4 couch 4 want 4 tenants 4 ethel 4 four 4 tools 4 coffee 4 god 4 alone 4 questions 4 beyond 4 past 4 passed 4 conversation 4 order 4 kind 4 pretty 4 needed 4 screamed 4 acquired 4 ceiling 4 fact 4 sometimes 4 meet 4 state 4 decided 4 next 4 died 4 hit 4 worry 4 passing 4 recorder 4 clothes 4 seemed 4 soft 4 bedroom 4 meant 4 lisa 4 baby 4 give 4 managed 4 girlfriend 4 best 4 damp 4 camp 4 caused 4 played 4 edge 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 despite 4 porch 4 box 4 spent 4 trying 4 figures 4 flesh 4 eye 4 fine 4 watch 4 meanwhile 4 line 4 furnace 4 olympia 4 vents 4 working 4 lighted 4 let 's 4 surveying 4 forms 4 whatever 4 bowl 4 yards 4 purple 4 happened 4 leaves 4 work 4 stories 4 hearing 4 half 4 kid 4 let 4 shadow 4 still 4 wind 4 rain 4 usually 4 stars 4 sat 4 sun 4 thus 4 others 4 spread 4 friends 4 gesture 4 faces 4 hole 4 since 4 television 4 knees 4 corner 4 slightly 4 true 4 unpleasant 4 scared 4 beneath 4 reached 4 quickly 4 moving 4 nearly 4 held 4 heavy 4 peace 4 tried 4 stage 4 remained 4 times 3 married 3 immediately 3 p 3 stone 3 rose 3 rocks 3 soda 3 happy 3 milk 3 green 3 job 3 organic 3 freeman 3 dragged 3 eating 3 relief 3 valley 3 doing 3 third 3 monday 3 boy 3 area 3 booze 3 affected 3 rolled 3 listened 3 he 's 3 lips 3 college 3 cheek 3 man 's 3 suggested 3 kinda 3 dear 3 understand 3 preferred 3 move 3 brother 3 without 3 manticore 3 fan 3 birthday 3 composed 3 rattled 3 start 3 bone 3 father 3 money 3 ten 3 september 3 look 3 mountains 3 again 3 means 3 119 3 west 3 lemonade 3 probably 3 custodian 3 sarah 3 hiking 3 pete 3 cast 3 company 3 m 3 middle 3 grew 3 younger 3 playing 3 missing 3 drinks 3 older 3 break 3 glanced 3 what 's 3 forest 3 have n't 3 crazy 3 dishes 3 strange 3 leaned 3 figure 3 windows 3 sneaking 3 jesus 3 waited 3 event 3 question 3 also 3 realized 3 field 3 forth 3 human 3 dirt 3 closed 3 showed 3 has 3 marina 3 meter 3 guys 3 use 3 star 3 fellow 3 mean 3 bushes 3 search 3 learned 3 stumbling 3 worked 3 situation 3 stretch 3 top 3 directly 3 waiting 3 yourself 3 word 3 sports 3 need 3 does 3 thankfully 3 cup 3 threw 3 regina 3 tears 3 itself 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 lady 3 call 3 singing 3 talk 3 post 3 wished 3 climbed 3 weak 3 chatting 3 static 3 spooked 3 case 3 silver 3 shoe 3 we 're 3 battered 3 formed 3 closet 3 touched 3 operation 3 station 3 wound 3 mel 's 3 getting 3 connie 3 waved 3 tales 3 large 3 memory 3 become 3 betsy 3 downtown 3 enjoyed 3 each 3 smile 3 close 3 however 3 allowed 3 muscles 3 imagined 3 tonight 3 knocked 3 joints 3 very 3 nonetheless 3 problem 3 wilderness 3 blanket 3 stopped 3 deep 3 six 3 remembered 3 often 3 bright 3 described 3 same 3 named 3 dim 3 you ' ve 3 smelled 3 ordbeckers 3 attack 3 beer 3 pulled 3 gods 3 pretending 3 chop 3 touch 3 cared 3 shoulder 3 got ta 3 used 3 story 3 looks 3 served 3 gloom 3 sign 3 spy 3 dread 3 drank 3 clear 3 books 3 bobby 3 fell 3 surrounded 3 once 3 wore 3 fog 3 headed 3 leave 3 meager 3 massive 3 desk 3 short 3 sleeping 3 brought 3 remain 3 checked 3 anne 2 boxers 2 zipped 2 interview 2 super 2 wild 2 wait 2 share 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 matter 2 tables 2 wo n't 2 trouble 2 local 2 suspicion 2 whom 2 show 2 1973 2 return 2 serious 2 keep 2 supply 2 spend 2 already 2 thanked 2 ghost 2 dripped 2 heavily 2 stains 2 psychic 2 evening 2 whistling 2 allegedly 2 owner 2 yellow 2 seconds 2 radiated 2 country 2 flared 2 degenerated 2 expression 2 wonder 2 considering 2 bring 2 parties 2 both 2 regular 2 mumble 2 tumbled 2 haunted 2 stygian 2 dad 2 restaurant 2 rather 2 age 2 there 'd 2 volume 2 bottles 2 key 2 save 2 experiences 2 bath 2 husband 2 2 2 doubt - less 2 card 2 thursday 2 moss 2 whispering 2 primordial 2 meat 2 experience 2 entire 2 plastic 2 erased 2 depot 2 hill 2 dream 2 woke 2 murmured 2 church 2 pulsed 2 crap 2 emanated 2 running 2 switch 2 swept 2 grasped 2 weirdoes 2 picked 2 stiff 2 mysterious 2 clearing 2 possible 2 metal 2 poured 2 split 2 jack 2 anxiety 2 sweetie 2 dusty 2 goes 2 buildings 2 radio 2 accepted 2 department 2 brightened 2 suspected 2 sticky 2 attracted 2 drinker 2 chair 2 narrow 2 following 2 sorry 2 definitely 2 they 're 2 gleamed 2 interested 2 grown 2 onto 2 fissure 2 whole 2 expensive 2 finger 2 would ' ve 2 occasional 2 voices 2 grimy 2 giggled 2 antique 2 forward 2 floors 2 hoped 2 flicked 2 gina 's 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 report 2 weekend 2 passenger 2 stop 2 rang 2 information 2 wallet 2 rust 2 misery 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 sounds 2 part 2 rescue 2 lifetime 2 insisted 2 knows 2 stayed 2 nebulous 2 recall 2 ached 2 convinced 2 elbow 2 recession 2 less 2 casually 2 tall 2 fixed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 lately 2 finding 2 bus 2 crowd 2 coy 2 beckoned 2 slashed 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 leaving 2 impression 2 liquor 2 clayton 2 constant 2 crew 2 ones 2 regarded 2 kitchen 2 certainly 2 engine 2 tomorrow 2 flickered 2 forced 2 suspect 2 peculiar 2 struck 2 steady 2 disappeared 2 escape 2 falsetto 2 hundred 2 consider 2 upstairs 2 shone 2 freight 2 lower 2 sounded 2 funny 2 uneasily 2 ridges 2 neighborhood 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 tendrils 2 visiting 2 cripes 2 view 2 okay 2 besides 2 ruled 2 exchanged 2 news 2 ball 2 devils 2 followed 2 beam 2 halls 2 plunged 2 emergency 2 moldy 2 early 2 lugging 2 nancy 2 morris 2 molding 2 executive 2 farfetched 2 acoustics 2 possibly 2 funeral 2 hid 2 hall 2 different 2 pleasure 2 seattle 2 lighting 2 glare 2 number 2 proved 2 having 2 blackened 2 carried 2 far 2 makes 2 maple 2 pad 2 slammed 2 especially 2 baseball 2 ha 2 cash 2 rise 2 dialed 2 lake 2 suite 2 guess 2 comfortable 2 catch 2 decades 2 dealt 2 round 2 illumination 2 routinely 2 son 2 cooling 2 syrupy 2 personality 2 teeth 2 complex 2 nine 2 marred 2 reason 2 labored 2 stretched 2 muffled 2 throbbing 2 continue 2 words 2 temperature 2 events 2 sandwiches 2 lot 2 notion 2 chin 2 fleshy 2 scope 2 nodded 2 softly 2 nearby 2 bet 2 retirement 2 returned 2 stay 2 embarrassingly 2 sudden 2 above 2 help 2 bastard 2 slurred 2 play 2 intensified 2 obviously 2 spade 2 prank 2 elevator 2 previous 2 staying 2 presence 2 thank 2 constance 2 check 2 naked 2 nature 2 note 2 keeping 2 colossal 2 race 2 kidneys 2 visions 2 bar 2 caverns 2 hide 2 answered 2 twinkled 2 city 2 wrinkled 2 dementia 2 kissed 2 grief 2 neighboring 2 ceased 2 earth 2 crooning 2 slipped 2 offline 2 wiped 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 higgins 2 patted 2 apocalypse 2 raving 2 portion 2 happens 2 mostly 2 mattress 2 wrote 2 normalcy 2 mystery 2 comment 2 judging 2 suits 2 he 'll 2 who 's 2 bathroom 2 ears 2 muted 2 breathed 2 friend 's 2 anybody 2 pains 2 nerves 2 tittered 2 blue 2 constantly 2 cards 2 nowhere 2 15 2 isolated 2 sofa 2 lifted 2 calling 2 subterranean 2 rank 2 inner 2 dreamed 2 california 2 surface 2 mass 2 gore 2 trick 2 girls 2 guessed 2 extra 2 bonfire 2 security 2 clash 2 shh 2 grin 2 run 2 answer 2 please 2 nah 2 opened 2 grab 2 revealed 2 wickedness 2 gathered 2 memories 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 burned 2 fit 2 careful 2 driver 2 record 2 talked 2 uncle 2 october 2 miles 2 emerged 2 whether 2 feeling 2 silence 2 grave 2 circuit 2 full 2 finished 2 panic 2 hidden 2 accompanied 2 brief 2 rooms 2 we ' ve 2 ordbecker 's 2 worst 2 fluttered 2 hello 2 happen 2 huddled 2 direction 2 stalking 2 inverted 2 teacher 2 sweetbreads 2 dry 2 campsite 2 numbers 2 warm 2 exactly 2 hey 2 overhead 2 dress 2 strangers 2 ring 2 pitcher 2 cars 2 gasped 2 quality 2 food 2 consecutive 2 asleep 2 thrilled 2 free 2 branches 2 sent 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 graduated 2 given 2 feed 2 lives 2 truth 2 stripped 2 slid 2 though 2 cabellos 2 secret 2 visited 2 rounds 2 looked 2 thirty - six 2 draped 2 entry 2 must 2 needle 2 imagination 2 lobster 2 pocket 2 dunno 2 normally 2 dogs 2 machines 2 ravine 2 easier 2 suffered 2 apparently 2 myself 2 ready 2 eric 's 2 track 2 wear 2 pale 2 bored 2 says 2 stench 2 spring 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 nightmares 2 empty 2 joy 2 hearth 2 guy 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 nightmare 2 background 2 remote 2 melting 2 yes 2 daylight 2 base 2 change 2 are n't 2 glowed 2 stashed 2 lurked 2 roughly 2 does n't 2 cox 2 fancy 2 mindless 2 sort 2 game 2 reading 2 bigger 2 former 2 jerky 2 glow 2 fifty 2 sixth 2 refrigerator 2 mold 2 impossible 2 occasions 2 claimed 2 maintained 2 coolness 2 officer 2 cave 2 turns 2 robber 2 bugged 2 obstreperous 2 randy 2 drove 2 ghostly 2 clammy 2 compass 2 quiet 2 task 2 clock 2 concerns 2 senses 2 glance 2 whispers 2 supper 2 delirium 2 shirt 2 town 2 pump 2 gotten 2 helped 2 acid 2 looking 2 paid 2 seventy 2 simply 2 guilt 2 oozed 2 appreciation 2 vest 2 latest 2 noted 2 hang 2 crossed 2 shop 2 homeland 2 brown 2 bought 2 quarter 2 hugged 2 ghosts 2 slithered 1 levity 1 unexpectedly 1 descended 1 supplied 1 calm 1 taken 1 sole 1 voluptuous 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 gray 1 inimitable 1 medicine 1 single - bedroom 1 twenty 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 doorways 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 trust 1 bedrooms - elgin 1 settling 1 steadily 1 silly 1 batting 1 haste 1 gruesome 1 seeing 1 tenancy 1 fluid 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 mimicking 1 siege 1 white - gloved 1 broad - sword 1 fair 1 ballgames 1 tragic 1 fiercely 1 industrial 1 signaled 1 booth 1 who - ever 1 8 1 slung 1 headache 1 muck 1 quaking 1 peaked 1 noting 1 gourmands 1 appropriate 1 rate 1 coals 1 dramatically 1 density 1 remarking 1 extricated 1 unceremoniously 1 source 1 dwells 1 thunderclap 1 failed 1 sink 1 sanctuary 1 puckered 1 allowing 1 ear 1 boyhood 1 roosting 1 1 1 tattoo 1 sufficient 1 sumed 1 abiding 1 wash 1 finish 1 wring 1 cooked 1 acceptance 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 demented 1 roared 1 appearance - his 1 hardwood 1 1983 1 chided 1 surprise 1 matted 1 daze 1 cracks 1 fetched 1 semblance 1 commented 1 antennas 1 echoing 1 exchange 1 backpack 1 um 1 veteran 1 wad 1 tightly 1 for - est 1 arms 1 latter 1 thigh 1 surpassed 1 gloomy 1 environments 1 fritz 1 blemishes 1 classier 1 relieve 1 taffy 1 rent 1 hissed 1 deal 1 personal 1 thoroughfares 1 nattering 1 soundless 1 banker 1 sweaty 1 suspension 1 historian 1 encampment 1 exposure 1 though - you 're 1 sidled 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 pulse 1 radical 1 logic 1 vast 1 tunes 1 student 1 partly 1 nightclub - cum - gambling 1 made - in - china 1 gape 1 architect 1 torch 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 counting 1 leader 1 after - dinner 1 grudging 1 missed 1 violet 1 blasted 1 impatient 1 referred 1 coordination 1 detached 1 captor 1 bakery 1 geophysical 1 burglar 1 bats 1 brow 1 devour 1 crib 1 sight 1 vino 1 protected 1 arrived 1 cabinet 1 misses 1 relented 1 far - mainly 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 offered 1 jumble 1 male 1 spied 1 concrete 1 explanations 1 precinct 1 flashing 1 mainly 1 lyrics 1 unimaginable 1 speed 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 located 1 rafters 1 zipper 1 nasty 1 wet 1 brad 1 twisted 1 signals 1 thumbs 1 chrysalis 1 spurred 1 adopted 1 candles 1 universe 1 wacko 1 daunting 1 jealousy 1 estate 1 cocked 1 route 1 observers ' 1 pattering 1 pulling 1 cur - rent 1 cosmos 1 patently 1 stoking 1 kerouac 1 elsewhere 1 styrofoam 1 stairwells 1 scotch 1 c'm on 1 tailored 1 perry 1 foreign 1 amused 1 district 1 irritable 1 infinite 1 sock 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 mental 1 lemon 1 vogue 1 fried 1 jeezus 1 foot 1 tiles 1 wrap 1 inexplicable 1 replaced 1 shale 1 worker 1 unidentifiable 1 hair - line 1 gas 1 snug 1 hope 1 knife 1 dimly 1 columned 1 exist 1 transformed 1 gets 1 criminal 1 construction 1 today 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 sport 1 fret 1 yolks 1 cloths 1 conditioning 1 doorway 1 titanic 1 tail 1 extent 1 heirs 1 spree 1 fix 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 pincers 1 measures 1 gunned 1 sinking 1 taxes 1 verse 1 dawn 1 fringes 1 mastery 1 tract 1 terrified 1 lane 1 tiptoed 1 purchased 1 perched 1 season 1 clumsily 1 furniture 1 splattered 1 nonchalance 1 blame 1 hippie 1 sea 1 graduate 1 routine 1 melted 1 coils 1 worn 1 sickening 1 sharing 1 smoking 1 jobs 1 dismissive 1 wary 1 inevitably 1 humid 1 tuned 1 abused 1 yesterday 1 perils 1 miked 1 viscid 1 girl 's 1 cyst 1 habitat 1 silent 1 broadsword - they 1 player 1 popping 1 trapped 1 contemptuous 1 polar 1 insinuated 1 loath 1 regina 's 1 unconvinced 1 them - selves 1 crushing 1 dresser 1 lord 1 disconnected 1 mariners ' 1 amiable 1 incipient 1 vats 1 surveyor 1 flirtatious 1 excursions - no 1 out - she 1 unconscious 1 boded 1 exact 1 child - and 1 strands 1 juices 1 divorced 1 punch 1 blue - streaked 1 electricity 1 gorge 1 hefted 1 noxious 1 san 1 ohh 1 mars 1 spilled 1 seized 1 memorabilia 1 prowling 1 focused 1 quick 1 peeling 1 hellion 1 transferring 1 poet 1 ripped 1 possibility 1 artificiality 1 flashlight 1 match 1 suspicious 1 spiritual 1 twilight 1 pilgrimage - on 1 catered 1 series 1 perspiring 1 prickle 1 shatter 1 mounds 1 variety 1 unsteadily 1 nervous 1 bubble 1 chills 1 hostile 1 abandoning 1 uphill 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 travails 1 refused 1 carl 1 alcoholism 1 jumpy 1 lifestyle 1 bodies 1 tab 1 bone - white 1 original 1 seldom 1 she 'll 1 jamb 1 aloofness 1 brick 1 seventieth 1 pit 1 destroyed 1 embedded 1 quiescent 1 temp 1 wan 1 shaken 1 tricks 1 breathy 1 tinny 1 relive 1 straddle - legged 1 second - guessing 1 trail 1 provincial 1 confide 1 getting 's 1 middle - income 1 chicken 1 roiled 1 decked 1 introduced 1 addled 1 snoring 1 withdraw 1 hosted 1 shit 1 periodically 1 sour - mel 1 1982 1 kicked 1 slaughterhouse 1 letters 1 squeal 1 features 1 pleasantries 1 fortunate 1 physiognomies 1 inches 1 blankenship 1 preceded 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 determined 1 yonder 1 relish 1 deepest 1 conditioner 1 tattooed 1 intestines 1 goodnight 1 zone 1 grandfather 's 1 visualized 1 personally 1 five - year - old 1 mice 1 sparks 1 stab 1 superior 1 rained 1 dropping 1 appraised 1 roads 1 miss 1 pride 1 reach 1 bowls 1 purely 1 funded 1 reliable 1 neatly 1 scarcely 1 chocolates 1 gravitas 1 particular 1 discern 1 9 1 vanguard 1 glaring 1 el 1 manitou 1 chapter 1 ances 1 implacably 1 blend 1 was - poor 1 surgeon 1 traditional 1 fishy 1 fears 1 follow 1 11 1 continued 1 endless 1 approving 1 ecological 1 chasing 1 queued 1 smudges 1 bravado 1 prints 1 snicker 1 glittery 1 friday 1 abduction 1 sly 's 1 wonder- 1 soundings 1 fed 1 camouflage 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wha - a - t 1 chuckles 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 unease 1 leech 1 corona 1 day 's 1 stumbled 1 circling 1 chest 1 wondering 1 ganja 1 months- 1 mush 1 sensible 1 slumped 1 ascended 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 repeat 1 screwing 1 jerks 1 wave 1 victims 1 eternal 1 putting 1 hissing 1 protect 1 penitence 1 herself 1 underneath 1 amateur 1 agency 1 indebted 1 gibbering 1 comfort 1 mixer 1 subtly 1 unseen 1 come - on 1 muggers 1 thud 1 steep 1 burst 1 ethel 's 1 ammonia 1 dorm 1 pal 1 innocent 1 as- 1 che 1 incidents 1 grottos 1 nose 1 prospects 1 unscrewed 1 outgrabe 1 illuminated 1 gentlemen 1 impatience 1 own - and 1 delusional 1 miller 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 invasion 1 couples 1 slugger 1 trembled 1 cutting 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 calls 1 visitor - call 1 fields 1 jeez 1 lashed 1 know - two 1 civilization 's 1 spacious 1 fright 1 special 1 stores 1 bruises 1 sundew 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 s 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 changed 1 ruefully 1 shed 1 cloudy 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ziggurats 1 actors 1 weekends 1 disconsolate 1 plaster 1 traveling 1 sober 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 hiss 1 half - crouched 1 hullo 1 hiker 1 discoveries 1 doorknobs 1 overnight 1 beat 1 cooler 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 indignities 1 wednesday 1 colleagues 1 intent 1 marks 1 handy 1 mome 1 bookshops 1 insides 1 eager 1 sake 1 dwelled 1 exquisitely 1 standby 1 announced 1 choir 1 insufferable 1 postmark 1 material 1 repulsed 1 heed 1 griping 1 amazing 1 men ' 1 grillwork 1 blob 1 bole 1 fence 1 depressingly 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 roof 1 parked 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tops 1 migration 1 3 1 venture 1 timeless 1 groans 1 inspection 1 storm 1 delivered 1 dismissal 1 parking 1 shapes 1 soup 1 punctured 1 horn 1 betters 1 treaty 1 yawned 1 winter 1 amniotic 1 silently 1 explained 1 confident 1 beds 1 iii 1 insane 1 slither 1 shocked 1 freaked 1 ungainly 1 you - no 1 cackle 1 bellicose 1 subscription 1 oasis 1 shrank 1 14 1 begged 1 mischievous 1 overripe 1 basket 1 hooked 1 bouquet 1 imposter 1 recorded 1 screaming 1 robot 1 blind 1 desks 1 peephole - she 1 scuttling 1 lesser - known 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 accomplishment 1 disappointing 1 perilously 1 inlet 1 caked 1 tomb 1 remainder 1 james 1 awarded 1 reasonable 1 frankly 1 calendar 1 luxuriating 1 penchant 1 slimy 1 forests 1 sparked 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 pop 's 1 making 1 fulfilled 1 matches 1 figurines 1 camps 1 thickness 1 cleared 1 axis 1 father 's 1 appalachian 1 swim 1 muggy 1 kiddo 1 overlong 1 thickets 1 grandma 1 flat 1 slime 1 plenty 1 annoyed 1 misty 1 guzzle 1 senior 1 spooled 1 behavior 1 dislocation 1 chatted 1 afterthought 1 da 1 toughs 1 file 1 dignity 1 degrees 1 starch 1 pissed - i 1 vodka 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 chivvied 1 semi - hypnosis 1 creaked 1 received 1 valium 1 hi 1 devise 1 earthman 1 slice 1 fbi 1 deserted 1 circle 1 cooperation 1 cuffs 1 melvin 1 fate 1 over - head 1 customs 1 glimmered 1 getaway 1 everywhere 1 snatch 1 mitt 1 seventy - two 1 uh 1 palm 1 rammed 1 august 1 guant 1 flying 1 children - unfortunately 1 scraped 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 bane 1 odor 1 lobbyists 1 choose 1 tip 1 hypothermia 1 movies 1 fondness 1 chewed 1 mob 1 indulged 1 eat 1 legends 1 liked 1 robes 1 adams 1 helplessness 1 defeated 1 ansel 1 handed 1 mist 1 queenly 1 lush 1 fancifully 1 barton 1 halfway 1 dribbled 1 squeezed 1 harriet 1 cultural 1 terrestrial 1 vermiculate 1 reassuring 1 habit 1 transfixed 1 suffering 1 bury 1 busy 1 disliked 1 wives 1 brush 1 aspect 1 teens 1 kinds 1 sardonically 1 rooting 1 killingly 1 househusband 1 barnacles - a 1 beastly 1 sighed 1 seasonally 1 phantoms 1 brimstone 1 gnaw 1 settled 1 riveted 1 career 1 ordered 1 rapidly 1 preparing 1 wenbr 1 swipe 1 uninterested 1 ventriloquism 1 elevators 1 fans 1 shift 1 dash 1 healthy 1 immortals 1 bat 1 mid - tune 1 studying 1 destruction 1 ties 1 dessert 1 banana 1 pits 1 carpet 1 phone- 1 reef 1 hackles 1 lipstick 1 tumwater 1 frame 's 1 lit 1 contortionist 's 1 ter 1 staking 1 becomes 1 american 1 ironically 1 posh 1 bothers 1 chuckling 1 abyssal 1 dashing 1 some - thing 1 hideously 1 cliffs 1 involved 1 torments 1 speechless 1 blurred 1 whispering - he 1 magma 1 investigator 1 boys 1 confined 1 person - sing 1 runs 1 sporting 1 eggshell 1 warehouses 1 spilling 1 forty - something - she 1 honeydew 1 originated 1 chords 1 ruffians 1 sucked 1 ship 1 discovered 1 tapered 1 bookshelf 1 sweltering 1 questioning 1 powerful 1 rum 1 obligatory 1 curb 1 salary 1 impending 1 probing 1 loved 1 clangs 1 potted 1 sucking 1 jimmy 's 1 unpacked 1 consultant 1 write 1 guide 1 scouring 1 washington 1 legislature 1 abutted 1 alkaline 1 inscrutable 1 schoolboy 1 worse 1 denver 1 drooling 1 mutton 1 pilates 1 reports 1 gulley 1 laid 1 ye 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 silhouetted 1 fluttering 1 bulletproof 1 recent 1 so - called 1 bric - a - brac - and 1 concentrated 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 scraping 1 bolt 1 tenant 1 sharp 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 semi - deserted 1 menagerie 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 photo - graphs 1 accomplished 1 wrestling 1 butcher 1 unhappily 1 napkins 1 surfaced 1 grizzlies 1 warranted 1 cyclones 1 cassock 1 denizens 1 depressing 1 screwed 1 weakness 1 world 1 tinfoil 1 greatest 1 slow - two 1 customary 1 murder 1 demesne 1 breach 1 hurry 1 niche 1 pragmatist 1 fern 1 form 1 rough - hewn 1 phil 1 traveled 1 incredulous 1 gaze 1 throng 1 smooth 1 subconscious 1 i - this 1 annual 1 vanished 1 1989 1 ribs 1 savagery 1 possessed 1 priest 1 flights 1 costs 1 various 1 wilted 1 survivor 's 1 intruding 1 obsession 1 imagining 1 devoid 1 walls 1 may 1 suckled 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 paternally 1 gravel 1 installed 1 attached 1 wrists 1 peril 1 23 1 glances 1 holly - style 1 apartment - the 1 relieved 1 hyper - reality 1 convention 1 ah 1 creep 1 blocks 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 curling 1 suit - nothing 1 income 1 hesitated 1 glisten 1 casual 1 walk 1 manage 1 casualness 1 knock 1 eel 1 desisted 1 precariously 1 surely 1 flickering 1 effected 1 clicked 1 relevance 1 leaking 1 summoned 1 quivering 1 reds 1 frankie 's 1 fluctuations 1 incalculable 1 miserably 1 resist 1 kindly 1 terry - creature 1 interrogation 1 oxygen 1 included 1 tape 1 despaired 1 loveseat 1 rot 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 terrorize 1 winds 1 admit 1 munched 1 wired 1 bled 1 lied 1 nightclubs 1 pyramids 1 scents 1 largely 1 fallen 1 weeknights 1 albeit 1 meet - your - cute - neighbor 1 anger 1 crashed 1 stinging 1 tubes 1 pay 1 historical 1 wary 's 1 abscess 1 lord - are 1 shot 1 tension 1 studiousness 1 courtship 1 exhaustion 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 papers 1 rush 1 stronger 1 rustic 1 advancing 1 trespassers 1 broom 1 lizard 1 socialite 1 bother 1 sir 1 button - up 1 based 1 ruined 1 dial 1 sixty - seven 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 packed 1 ballroom 1 meaning 1 nut 1 pain 1 piled 1 chivvy 1 shape 1 degree 1 foresight 1 wasteland 1 politicians 1 illuminating 1 lamented 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 inkling 1 l 1 atm 1 successfully 1 ducts 1 16 1 existed 1 member 1 waves 1 computer 1 punching 1 delectable 1 orderly 1 malcontents 1 shortly 1 scram 1 nestle 1 handsome 1 1958 1 twice 1 u 1 cracking 1 hyperventilating 1 that- 1 raths 1 hurtin ' 1 flies 1 marshmallows 1 midnight 1 cry 1 mouthful 1 breaks 1 filled 1 weasel 1 dying 1 mustache 1 groping 1 beatings 1 imitation 1 ken 1 move- 1 burnt 1 buddy 1 suddenly 1 consented 1 politely 1 well - dressed 1 swirl 1 writhed 1 lightning 1 pop - let 1 separation 1 lust 1 corners 1 math 1 boom 1 underworld 1 turtlenecks 1 useful 1 mud 1 winked 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 pushing 1 throat 1 sufficiently 1 band 1 posturing 1 sealed 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 charm 1 arrayed 1 switched 1 nameless 1 lamp 1 malign 1 takeoff 1 confronted 1 overseas 1 trappings 1 drawer 1 bonfires 1 jaded 1 dropcloth 1 tidy 1 shiny 1 dried 1 alien 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 distant 1 rambunctious 1 sundown 1 suspended 1 late - night 1 transmitting 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 threatened 1 periodic 1 droopy 1 typical 1 safe 1 luminescent 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 ice 1 hibernation 1 fitful 1 schlepping 1 ignorance 1 pointed 1 softened 1 searching 1 message 1 suburbanite 1 belly 1 began 1 whisper 1 downpour 1 frailties 1 idiot 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 pelted 1 dashed 1 freezer 1 creep - infested 1 perform 1 shoveled 1 treetops 1 excursions 1 gift 1 dresses 1 stranger 's 1 curiosity 1 planets 1 aging 1 taste 1 dictated 1 miasma 1 medium 1 root 1 kissing 1 puffy 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 perhaps 1 burns 1 blindly 1 captors 1 credible 1 jumping 1 jointed 1 voice- 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 placing 1 townhouse 1 forget 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 absent 1 clapped 1 showered 1 tightwad 1 cookies 1 eyeing 1 4 1 belongs 1 drifting 1 recorder - pershing 1 noise 1 thinker 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 humanoid 1 robed 1 temperate 1 cable 1 thin - he 1 cozy 1 air - conditioned 1 flapping 1 matters 1 open - heart 1 slack 1 seams 1 studied 1 incredible 1 access 1 panama 1 land 1 churned 1 guts 1 lots 1 toothbrush 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 shouted 1 type 1 upright 1 hauled 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 ended 1 nilson 1 fortean 1 northerly 1 security - conscious 1 nervousness 1 simultaneously 1 memos 1 regardless 1 stepfather 1 jungle 1 faced 1 curl 1 houston 1 rendezvous 1 doubtless 1 front 1 measuring 1 pitchers 1 asking 1 week - hid 1 crinkled 1 bunch 1 12 1 moment - he 1 china 1 noise - which 1 exoskeletons 1 stoicism 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 flown 1 occasionally 1 twitchier 1 foulness 1 contact 1 holy 1 beaches 1 rolexes 1 mention 1 something - someone - watching 1 him - self 1 river 1 products 1 hunted 1 pace 1 jet 1 chick 1 frequently 1 poor 1 smiling 1 sickos 1 waking 1 tea 1 ouster 1 four - star 1 johnny 1 sweeping 1 fostered 1 build 1 magician 1 cottage - style 1 navigate 1 hip 1 proposed 1 done - in 1 drenched 1 known 1 peek 1 atop 1 mug 1 visits 1 ham 1 trudged 1 sneering 1 hammered 1 testicles 1 cloves 1 dizzy 1 turkey 1 fungi 1 mossy 1 bickered 1 walton 's 1 perception 1 crooked 1 slug 1 clusters 1 silver - sly 1 reminding 1 salad 1 stunned 1 someone 's 1 ankles 1 four - piece 1 croaked 1 impressed 1 towed 1 quarters 1 clich 1 at - an 1 giant 1 yelm 1 limber 1 deceit 1 immortality 1 offspring 1 fewer 1 dais 1 reflexive 1 lunch 1 metamorphosed 1 sconces 1 laugh 1 spiked 1 sentience 1 tale 1 sickly 1 bloomed 1 remarked 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 reception 1 substance 1 claim 1 shines 1 infuriated 1 mansion 1 bore 1 ecclesiastical 1 plants 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 downed 1 shrubbery 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 needling 1 grip 1 lurking 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 cloister 1 physician 1 sue 1 unless 1 spun 1 5 1 complete 1 porcelain 1 mortified 1 understaffed 1 flowers 1 mates 1 pants 1 chilled 1 wife- 1 hollows 1 agree 1 wood 1 misfit 1 diffuse 1 frozen 1 inebriated 1 encountered 1 cases 1 temporary 1 chosen 1 equally 1 stammer 1 inhaled 1 rental 1 comprehend 1 warned 1 mock 1 waving 1 trait 1 deadbolt 1 blades 1 nailed 1 raining 1 boulders 1 cramped 1 60s 1 wobble 1 steel 1 laborious 1 magnified 1 warnings 1 contract 1 cheerily 1 gasping 1 duct 1 significant 1 extended 1 interlaced 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 mask 1 blinked 1 height 1 malfunctioning - condensation 1 shoved 1 howled 1 snooper 1 disappear 1 lever 1 gestured 1 comes 1 deity 1 half - empty 1 paused 1 opposite 1 slope 1 midday 1 boiler 1 listening 1 interminable 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 tormentors 1 fanned 1 fairly 1 arrival 1 honey 1 snickered 1 disagreed 1 beast 1 caught 1 organizing 1 region 1 according 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 sour 1 predicted 1 weary 1 replied 1 re - creation 1 hapless 1 language 1 aura 1 damaging 1 camino 1 snake 1 fiber - optic 1 earshot 1 emotional 1 assured 1 radiation 1 heaps 1 winding 1 clean 1 main 1 mantel 1 conferences 1 drive 1 broadly 1 13 1 mail 1 soiled 1 relics 1 drained 1 smattering 1 berkeley 1 somewhere 1 deep - sea 1 date 1 concerned 1 toil 1 autumn 1 vending 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 absolut 1 roaches 1 sometime 1 inward 1 basement 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 mirror 1 month 1 float 1 griffey 1 doomed 1 wilds 1 appears 1 policy 1 shampoo 1 neighbors 1 seek- 1 fist 1 uniformed 1 brand 1 snugged 1 readings 1 explain 1 sky 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 brass 1 squirming 1 plucking 1 underbrush 1 measured 1 cheery 1 imminent 1 shuttered 1 shot - a 1 droop 1 invaded 1 mornings 1 survive 1 shirts 1 bearable 1 buzzed 1 unchanged 1 af- 1 proper 1 warmed 1 seam 1 places 1 slight 1 midwest 1 ago 1 agonies 1 haze 1 mistake 1 doncha 1 safely 1 coveralls 1 crack 1 crude 1 coiffed 1 tunnels 1 machete 1 caliber 1 heighten 1 lounge 1 dark - haired 1 animal 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 photo 1 lesser 1 circles 1 opaque 1 ringing 1 canned 1 associates 1 chill 1 claiming 1 deco 1 goods 1 east 1 hotter 1 roar 1 games 1 cornered 1 realm 1 crawled 1 art 1 screeches 1 half - hearted 1 truly 1 months ' 1 feelings 1 flag 1 911 1 apartments 1 foolish 1 understood 1 campers 1 sixty - nine 1 papered 1 seat 1 thick 1 lutheran 1 gear 1 protestations 1 dispatcher 1 shame 1 clay - ton 1 wedge 1 wandering 1 mugged 1 assimilation 1 pistol 1 deck 1 civilization 1 toadstools 1 currently 1 deepened 1 malevolent 1 creepos 1 mini - cameras 1 vertebra 1 signs 1 frankie 1 aside 1 added 1 guppies 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 provided 1 contracting 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gulped 1 sidewalk 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 bulk 1 bones 1 monitor 1 spine 1 coomb 1 parlors 1 shears 1 force 1 trembling 1 measure 1 deform 1 damnable 1 threats 1 shove 1 history 1 perfume 1 seems 1 observing 1 awake 1 louisville 1 renovations 1 exquisite 1 sooty 1 swaying 1 recognition 1 buddies 1 impress 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 swing 1 generation 1 1979 1 radiance 1 ginsberg 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 receded 1 plate 1 sip 1 yell 1 wishes 1 bushy 1 sixty 1 croaks 1 consolation 1 hollow 1 full - blown 1 olympia 's 1 informing 1 rosary 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 propagate 1 thinking 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 juice 1 legs 1 answering 1 moderate 1 beings 1 days ' 1 navy 1 engineering 1 skyline 1 keepsakes - snapshots 1 leg 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 garden - party - throwing 1 counts 1 tagged 1 bowels 1 terror 1 shells 1 weirdo 1 tarot 1 docks 1 technologies 1 maneuvers 1 bastards 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 conducted 1 grind 1 accentuated 1 swirling 1 images 1 service 1 escaping 1 forever 1 tones 1 buoyed 1 horror 1 uprooted 1 6 1 penetrate 1 thrillers 1 settings 1 sprang 1 outta 1 gargantuan 1 leaden 1 percy 's 1 hour 's 1 pillow 1 subscribe 1 course - also 1 wish 1 promise 1 shredded 1 void 1 wormed 1 clientele 1 sighing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 visitation 1 prowler 1 icecaps 1 melancholy 1 tough 1 reality 1 dreamt 1 pieces 1 prowled 1 carton 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 mush - rooms 1 recognized 1 of- 1 sublime 1 folding 1 doubt 1 block 1 grow 1 squeeze 1 edgy 1 heck 1 muscle 1 outer 1 mission 1 employee 1 chums 1 estimated 1 bounced 1 rabid 1 year 1 caressed 1 embarrassment 1 sprawled 1 delighted 1 among 1 wooded 1 epoxy 1 photos 1 moist 1 stride 1 shawl 1 idiotically 1 refined 1 golf 1 jose 1 knuckle 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 filthy 1 ratty 1 proportion 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 half - dozen 1 electromagnetic 1 mimicked 1 cover 1 par - ties 1 migrated 1 covering 1 bucko - we ' ve 1 some - times 1 footprints 1 average 1 ernest 1 warning 1 cuddled 1 hunters 1 gracious 1 cause 1 tore 1 moon 1 odds 1 sewage 1 beefy 1 status 1 internally 1 ufo 1 unfold 1 clever 1 tight 1 signed 1 sniveling 1 were n't 1 mica 1 stairs 1 popular 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 crackpot 1 hobs 1 handle 1 irate 1 olympic 1 eh 1 equipment 1 paced 1 sergeant 's 1 indeed 1 cannery 1 coincidence 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 curtains 1 brood 1 recovered 1 retired 1 bowed 1 christmases 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 knows - perhaps 1 bear 1 waitresses 1 play - by - play 1 converted 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 tramped 1 suit 1 primeval 1 reserved 1 resident 1 wiser 1 tacoma 1 elementary 1 sans 1 superstitious 1 listener 1 worlds 1 prayers 1 lunatic 1 due 1 argued 1 cautionary 1 agnostic 1 amusing 1 toes 1 sub - basement 1 coldness 1 frames 1 catcher 's 1 flows 1 kilter 1 elongated 1 suited 1 vacation 1 prominently 1 intensity 1 raw 1 diabolic 1 hoot 1 ya 1 grate 1 similar 1 peninsula 1 cloth 1 bits 1 doorframe 1 flowed 1 francisco 1 summer 1 barked 1 waste 1 push 1 hold 1 homesteads 1 beamed 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 populated 1 resonated 1 friends - did n't 1 disappointment 1 tremblay 1 labor 1 bags 1 license 1 sons 1 explanation 1 disguise 1 seven - floor 1 tracks 1 paranoid 1 goosed 1 7 1 larger 1 loose 1 suppressed 1 parkas 1 predicament 1 gloaming 1 uptight 1 impressive 1 sneaky 1 night 's 1 theorized 1 mourning 1 pissed 1 raised 1 jangled 1 blue - tinged 1 ticked 1 den 1 ass 1 professor - and 1 outdoorsmen 1 hike 1 undefined 1 amazement 1 unbecoming 1 haircuts 1 rack 1 separate 1 metastasize 1 dwindled 1 waddell 1 grandmother 1 diatribes 1 space 1 testament 1 librarian 1 parts 1 hollywood 1 wonderland 1 corporation 1 kooks 1 wedged 1 clinked 1 savage 1 fake 1 incident 1 influenced 1 girly 1 reeked 1 heineken 1 orbits 1 gentlemanly 1 continuing 1 re - move 1 relished 1 half - dead 1 ill - concealed 1 eyelids 1 supine 1 squat 1 circulation 1 manic 1 women 1 guevara - loving 1 am 1 public 1 there 'll 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 yelling 1 stale 1 vile 1 fully 1 grotto 1 propped - up 1 ruffled 1 flap 1 oddly 1 patiently 1 cynic 1 skating 1 lulled 1 screwdriver 1 anthony 's 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 uncoiling 1 hysteria 1 checking 1 downhill 1 able 1 style 1 signal 1 tighten 1 eavesdropping 1 ing 1 ranches 1 seventh - inning 1 swung 1 celebrities 1 wan- 1 segued 1 crates 1 entrenchment 1 peeked 1 ushered 1 fred 1 upper 1 creak 1 wooden 1 bart 1 hallucinating 1 outhouse 1 twigs 1 lethargic 1 pill 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 freedom 1 noon 1 commanded 1 chanted 1 unable 1 dude 1 faculties 1 spitting 1 alive 1 prohibited 1 jihadist 1 shushing 1 species 1 gentry 1 intestine 1 crash 1 remedy 1 tongue 1 wants 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 mike 1 outcroppings 1 waddel 1 stream 1 justice 1 echoed 1 woefully 1 horridly 1 shushed 1 pools 1 store 1 response 1 lair 1 seeping 1 weird 1 trips 1 ranting 1 skills 1 stabbings 1 tiny 1 fillings 1 prefer 1 70s 1 walking 1 altogether 1 bank 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 trio 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 perfectly 1 bumping 1 straightened 1 occurring 1 inconceivable 1 borrow 1 adaptations 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 frequency 1 grill 1 squirmed 1 management 1 namo 1 oven 1 rude 1 beaming 1 broad 1 shore 1 muddy 1 longer 1 jogged 1 surprising 1 scores 1 grandfather 1 tilting 1 steps 1 expanding 1 limp 1 woman 's 1 wander 1 ground 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 laboring 1 coast 1 argue 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 wordless 1 malice 1 no - freaking - body 1 cubicles 1 idealist 1 roasting 1 stark 1 drying 1 clouded 1 fashion 1 believe 1 otherwise 1 evilly 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 flee 1 should ' ve 1 too - frequent 1 generations- 1 grotesque 1 hangdog 1 rushed 1 twenty - first 1 scratched 1 firelight 1 well - dresses 1 child 's 1 mode 1 creepy 1 rooted 1 secure 1 winced 1 garble 1 inflict 1 useless 1 shall 1 further 1 happily 1 messages 1 albums 1 gusts 1 scribbled 1 stubbornness 1 door - way 1 roses 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 sold 1 puppets 1 step 1 smithsonian 1 calmness 1 nudge 1 winded 1 neglect 1 charged 1 hikers 1 suites 1 entrails 1 objects 1 unknown 1 machine 1 seniors 1 crowded 1 cried 1 point 1 absentee 1 secretiveness 1 gained 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 pinned 1 marched 1 youth - clean - shaven 1 trap 1 ingles 1 pastureland 1 bibliophile 1 pull 1 gait 1 clumsy 1 perforce 1 briefly 1 toolbox 1 ganglia 1 color 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 locked 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 staring 1 scalded 1 distanced 1 ether 1 mariners 1 belongings 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 c 1 shelf 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 palpable 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 herd 1 inevitable 1 revert 1 turbines 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 baggy 1 pierced 1 purple - black 1 screams 1 minute 1 cigarette 1 quo 1 unspeakable 1 merlot 1 kettle 1 mooning 1 neanderthal 1 lose 1 spoken 1 vain 1 pause 1 skyward 1 courage 1 gramps 1 warmup 1 sunday 1 nagging 1 holocaust 1 starless 1 owners 1 granite 1 inherent 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 accumulation 1 toothless 1 logging 1 videos 1 present 1 ape 1 large - hearted 1 imitated 1 apparition 1 unceremonious 1 proverbial 1 wherever 1 shrieked 1 guys - i ' m 1 relaxed 1 joined 1 bathed 1 waiter 1 ate 1 lured 1 cupped 1 rankled 1 driving 1 restore 1 supposed 1 mad- 1 shops 1 barbequing 1 gradually 1 ca n't 1 24 1 century 1 robinson 1 agreed 1 diaspora 1 utter 1 colliding 1 crank 1 fooled 1 quoted 1 club 1 gently 1 jelly 1 prepared 1 promptly 1 awaiting 1 seem 1 blackest 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 section 1 estimates 1 sunset 1 invisible 1 cleveland 1 spending 1 tunnel 1 shingle 1 street 1 landlord 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 vocal 1 acting 1 social 1 raise 1 bloom 1 histories 1 blacked 1 lines 1 doses 1 safety 1 retreat 1 waterproof 1 recliner 1 susurration 1 hotel 's 1 chance 1 scoop 1 obscenities 1 millions 1 favored 1 detective 's 1 buried 1 true - that 1 armpit 1 camped 1 facelifts 1 from- 1 dimmed 1 protocol 1 substitute 1 foliage 1 swivel 1 crab - walked 1 intelligent 1 anderson 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 searing 1 avoided 1 nauseated 1 bedrooms - naked 1 hopped 1 blackness 1 folk 1 foundation 1 swanky 1 shake 1 jacket 1 drop 1 ridge 1 football 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 bloomers 1 services 1 party 1 notepad 1 live 1 tepid 1 counter 1 sergeant 1 automaton 1 adaptable 1 twenty - sixth 1 lecher 1 culprits 1 squelching 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 sentient 1 leap 1 laughed - that 1 jr 1 team 1 1918 1 hallucinated 1 microphones 1 demonstrated 1 destroy 1 six - pack 928 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
the small flat shook again , this time sending a tiny spider plant crashing to the floor , its terracotta prison exploding on impact .
she has a penthousea big one , with a flowering corpse plant plunked right in the centre of her living room .
instead , there was chicory prepared from the root of the plant , grown for the purpose ; fresh milk ; fine ale and mead ; and wine from gloucester .
she surmised that if there was a distraction , she might be able to get away , but she knocked the pot plant that stood at the base of the door with her shuffling feet , causing her to let go of immediate thoughts of running , and focus on the two men who now occupied the small space between the building and the unnecessary fence line .
owen ran to the window as elise picked up the pot plant at her feet , hurling it at james who tried to dodge it , but failed .
next thing i know , this dude is like , popping up from behind the plants , blood all over his face and holding up his hands like i was gon na arrest him or something .
the same plant , poison ivy , also grew as a shrub underfoot .
hideous , obscene travesties of normal plants , whose leaves were long , narrow , snake - like , with the suggestion of ugly heads .
loathsome , lividly green plants writhed like reptilian monstrosities upon its black hills .
one must die so the other lives , whether tree , or plant or animal .
harold brokholc was nt controlled by any combination of plant neurotoxin , fish tetrodoxin , or haitian voodoo .
there are no plants in the greenhouse , just piles of stacked empty pots .
the dcor is simple , plain wooden booths line white walls with large - brushstroke paintings of mountains , trees , and plants that are hung above each seating .
a large white beckoning neko sits on a large shelf against the back wall along with a golden buddha and a small bamboo plant .
it has a waterfall and all these amazing climbing ivy plants that cover parts of a concrete walkway that he built himself for her .
emma stops to rest just outside of the greenhouse filled with plants and flowers .
of plant life reinhouer had seen none , but it was very likely that something similar to flora existed somewhere in his worlds vast sister dimension .
the professor began stuffing the plant matter into the voluminous pockets of his pants and coat .
he seemed pleased and went into the garden for some roots and plants , which he placed in water , and then upon the fire .
several new kinds of plants sprang up in the garden , which they dressed ; and these signs of comfort increased daily as the season advanced .
at the center of the garden , a towering fountain stood which was used to shower the thirsty plants each morning .
each plant , each sapling , each root ball and bulb , chosen to represent a unique moment in her life .
my plants need me .
the plants worked to fill in the hole in as hannahs exposed legs intertwined and turned a bright shade of green .
she had long , fuzzy brown dreadlocks that she always wore pulled up in a messy pile atop her head and her clothes always looked like they were homemade from some kind of organic fabric spun from plant byproducts .
no cracks were openly visible , but concrete had a habit of allowing in all sorts of natural detritus , even allowing plants to take root .
probably a root from a vine , the plant invading every seeming organic space it could find .
it was probably just a branch , stirring in the breeze , an innocent caress of a harmless plant .
they re surrounded by plants like buncor , polyox corp . , what used to be called union - carter tech in schmedleyville , and of course scow .
variation in the number of chromosomes can be induced artificially , especially in plants .
the deer , the waterfowl , and the fish eat the plants .
its the same weather , and to a certain extent , the same wildlife and plant life as in the carolinas .
they knew the trees , the bushes and the plants .
tendrils of a woody , vine - like plant with fern - like appendages hung down in huge swooping fronds .
here were epiphytic plants , growing in vast profusion , cheek by jowl and one on top of the other .
the growth was becoming a jungle , with creepers , woody plants , and succulent plants that did nt support your weight .
the growth was becoming a jungle , with creepers , woody plants , and succulent plants that did nt support your weight .
here was the sun , this life giving star we ve got making us all warm and gil said the sun was stealing his life from him to give to someone else and gil thought that perhaps he was just supposed to give up his life so that plants and people in places that were nt in arizona could thrive .
even the potted plants that usually hung from the front porch had been removed .
so on days like that she 'd leave her xbox and go out , wandering the mountains of the moon that towered over the town of sintra , sketching in her notebook and identifying plants , and wishing for something unusual to happen .
was he a plant ?
` ` you do n't want that stuff in your plant food , '' i said .
considering the numerous plants , the color green was , surprisingly , one of the least visible colors .
brice would have liked to probe him further , but his bald head turned , and the elf changed the subject , relating the history of several oblong , spike covered plants .
for the most part , the courtyard was now vacant , the gardeners having rounded up most of the wildlife , as well as any edible plant life , to be immediately delivered to the kitchen , prepped for storage and added to the keep 's list of supplies in anticipation of a lengthy siege .
the plants and the animals have written since the birth in their dna the direction toward which to push every motion of theirs .
the greatest part of the i house - plant with trees , however they were safe perlomeno .
you / he / she had left some disposition to alone ivo , without giving him some explanation to respect and now that it almost appeared evident to everybody that the colors of the landscapes became opaque more and more , that the perfumes of the plants and the flowers and even the food you / they were changing , as if the aura of every thing of the servant was suddenly growing weak himself / herself / itself , that people started to fear to be incurred in a divine punishment .
the plants , the air , the men that have done us of the evil and the same wounds that you have brought are until too much true to still fake to dream . ''
from the folds of the flesh , tufts of dark hair stuck out , like the hair on the lips of a carnivorous plant .
when the cold withdraws him , the sky becomes brighter than its same reflex in the walls of the skyscrapers , the perfumes of the pollens and the hormones wander in the air fraternally entertained by particles of thin dusts , the plants return to dye him of life , thanking with the green the man that has left them that meter picture of earth among the sidewalks to stretch the roots ; and the women few to few they discover him relegating in the attic the heavy cloths androgens that insult their beauty .
crossing the woods of the brianza , it licked up plants that stretched out him on the street , they almost wanted to grab her / it .
ebb and flow , let it grow , feel the warmth beside you ... of a line the plants that made wall opened .
the damp air breathed : greedily you / he / she could feel until in the mouth the natural humors of the plants , of the earth , of the air .
yet they were not the same plant .
this plant from the innocent air contains abundant doses of dimetiltriptamina , for the friends dmt , a hallucinogenic hormone that our brain already secretes in small doses .
80.000 plants exist in amazzonia .
about ten thousand of years ago , our ancestors not only individualized a hallucinogenic plant , but they discovered whether to make her / it effective crossing her / it with another .
to ask him / it to the sciamanis , the answer that is gotten it is amazing : they are the spirits of the same plants that teach them as to use her .
you / he / she has worked for us since yesterday , treating the two plants and mixing the infusion to prepare her .
under the leafy branches of the tallest plant a pot reboiled on a light fire .
between a plant and the other , shepherd of the serpents , as if from them it originated and on them he / she watched over .
shades , among the plants , inside and out .
the plant of the souls had refused him / it .
the steel bars around all were the last therapeutic fury ; stentavano the plants to cover her , as if they refused them same that extraneous body to the citizenship of the multiform vice .
it looks at that group , under those plants .
but yes , on top of the plant !
they were there , long metals her / it , among the plants of the sempione , where at night the cars dart for passing from the white cafe to the old fashion .
she had asked him to plant flowers instead , and he d started the laborious task of tearing out the old plants a couple weeks earlier .
as he found his shoes behind a row of potted plants , he began to wonder what he might say to wendy .
she was confused , because she recognized it as an iris budbut the plant , quite clearly , was no irisand never in history had an iris been so red .
once there , he searched the flattened plants for his sword and found it reflecting the sun .
on his pinto filly , he sat head and shoulders over the rusty plants on either side .
the old buildings thatched roof showed over the plants before the corridor opened into the front yard .
wind whipped through the tops of the plants but not where she sat in the dew at the base of the stalks .
he crashed through the plants around the house , shouting his daughters name .
pulling up several bulbous plants from the moist soil , john said , we can eat these !
i like plants .
it contained a jungle of local plant life that he d collected for study .
men , beasts , plants , they all do what they re meant to do and the world works .
near the execution building there were some medium sized marijuana plants being tended to by some of the other residents .
it 's kind of overgrown at the top with plants and crap .
he did an odd staggering trot until spotting the suv 's headlights illuminating a patch of barrel cactus plants and two fairly small wolves trying to squirm inside through the partially open driver side window .
he threw her toward the patch of cactus plants as if she weighed almost nothing before dropping down to seize one of dudley 's legs .
one of the unbroken headlights of the overturned suv spotlighted a fairly large patch of barrel cactus plants and as bo watched , the man and wolf rolled toward them .
bo flew backward and landed in the midst of the barrel cactus plants .
less than a hundred feet below bo appeared to be in a world of hurt as a big wolf and another man were rolling through the cactus plants in the midst of a savage bloody battle .
each capsule appeared to hold a uniquely diverse species of tall stemmed and tri - lobed genetically modified plant structure , entirely immersed in some type of cloudy , but still translucent , liquid solution .
right at the top of each plant , stemming from a bizarre cone - shaped funnel , was what looked to be a tightly - wrapped green whorl that to elias resembled the rolled end of a fern frond .
it was a spacious dome with sculpted plant life around a scattering of small buildings a park , florina said as she spun around to take in the sight .
the immortal continued tending to her plants .
oddly cloaked figures rush pieces of furniture , rugs , potted plants , and area lighting to centerfield , thirty yards away from where a wild and similarly dressed drum corp beat a syncopated rhythm the stagehands have a hard time keeping up with .
the row against the back wall where the garbage cans stand like sentinels to some silent murder ; the cracked ceramic fountain surrounded by sweating mexican tile ; the profusion of airplane plants and ferns twisting lightly in the wind that spills in from the street .
i d forgotten that plants no longer qualified as life .
usually , the room was a calm , ordered arrangement of soft couches in muted colors and potted plants .
the plants had been overturned , the soil spilled out all over the floor .
they brought to mind the fronds of a plant brushing against me , the sliding touch of wet rope .
on either side of them was a row of flowers perfectly placed so each plant had enough room to grow .
they never decorated at all , except for house plants .
i felt positive i could slow dance with any dead - looking yucca plant in the room and nobody would bat a disinterested eyelid .
and is a plant .
nelson scratched at his bloated stomach and peered out of the window from behind a tall plant .
the next hallway was silent , brightly lit and housed a whole bunch of plants , standing tall in terracotta pots .
he wondered if he d ever see his house again and if not , whether his plants would die before someone realized he was missing .
and with cain dead , every gene genie on the plant woke up all at once .
after dinner i found michael spraying plants in the backyard .
my feet rested on a box filled with indoor plants and one framed photo .
the notebook is something i compiled that has the right plants to eat and words of advice .
i had seen many of the plants she had described along the way .
pulling out the edible plants i had gathered , i hand him some .
the plants are actually very tasty .
beams of light illuminate the plants in her kitchen window .
the plants are plastic , which are easier to care for than real plants .
the plants are plastic , which are easier to care for than real plants .
just to be sure , she edges toward the window to watch through the miniature forest of plastic plants and ceramic planters .
my eyes watered , my throat and nose itched , and the patches of bare skin the plant leaned in to kiss were bright red and swelling .
he was nt allergic to the brilliant yellow plant , so he did nt have to worry about the branches that hung on all sides , and he made good time on the trail .
i pushed my back against the wall of plants , not caring that they scratched across my bare skin as i slid sideways up the trail , keeping my eyes trained on the rustling behind me .
dan brought me a prickly cactus looking plant and stuck it on the ground beside me .
surprised at his kindness , my opinion of him shifting again , i broke off a second piece of the plant and rubbed it onto the worst patch of hives with a sigh .
i was going to have to get me an aloe vera plant .
i could see what i thought were peas climbing a section of netting , large rubber tires housing a creeping plant of some sort , and several raised beds with strawberries in them .
i was covered in them from head to toe , the bumps starting to develop even where the plant did nt touch me , its infection of my skin spreading like some horrid disease .
the plant was taking hold of the humans it inhabited like it did all the areas it was introduced to .
the back of it was covered in the faint lines that shadowed so much of the bodies of those who took the drug , designs that look suspiciously like the flower on the broom plants .
17 the broom was mostly out of bloom now , the seed pods hanging heavy on the branches , ready to germinate for next years crop of hateful plants .
barbara has schooled us all in edible plants and the types of materials that can be found in the woods with which to make the most durable melee weapons if our ammo runs dry before we can stock up .
not that he planned it that waythe smallest of the domes gargantuan stones had been over herebut the north side of any structure tended to have moss or lichen or some thallophytic plant .
the office was rife with wrinkled , discarded legal documents , broken laptops and dead , brown plants in mouldy pots .
up on this pedestal , was this five tier stair - step display standkind of thing the missus would put plants on , you know ? cept here each row is heads .
all plants , animals , and humans are made up of pure energy .
some of the plants had already closed their blooms .
it was the only plant she could be bothered with owning : low maintenance and hard to kill .
two weeks prior i had painstakingly prepared a small plot of soil in our back yard to receive these magical seeds , i carefully followed the instructions and , sure enough , within the next week or so i could see the sprouting of a most unusual type of plant .
as they matured over the following days , each plant grew a thick rigid stalk and numerous pod- like structures poked out in all directions .
between school and my chores at home , i still managed to find time to lovingly nurse my plants to maturity and , to my great joy , it was nt long before they bore their promised fruit .
i was overjoyed not only by the number being born in such a magical way but also by the variety the plants had to offer .
i was astonished by the prolific nature of the plants and it became clear that i would never be able to fully contain all of my little darlings .
although i could see the occasional small shrub or plant sprouting here and there i was amazed when , to my right , i saw an enormous tree not thirty yards away .
we d have to spread over the entrance of our little hollow whatever pungent flowers and plants we could find to mask our smell .
she reflected on how shed probably never see again anything in this convent , the church , the novitiate , the gardens , the plants and trees and all those people she knew .
tools and metal implements hung everywhere , and the floor was the bare earth beneath cleared of all grass or plants .
bob and margret higgins strolled up to the checkout counter with a cart full of plants and other items .
he spit the ground up plant out , hearing it fall to the ground with a splat .
then they walked to opposite sides of the grassy clearing and began to grab the tops of the grass and chop at the bases of the plants .
both of them were covered in plant debris , dirt and sweat , but the area was bare , except for the dirt mounds and the piles of camping equipment .
the group topped the rise of the hill , and as it descended they cast their eyes on more of the same scenery that they had just passed , the same tall weeds , with the same thorny bushes and thistles , the odd cedar or fir tree standing alone amidst all of it , the tree line of the woods fading away to their left , being replaced by this open area of nothing but shifting plant life , dank humidity and brow beating sunshine .
the bag was filled with large , green masses of densely packed plant material , with little orange patches .
the sound of giant metal fans whirring filled the office area , leafs of paper and plant material waved under the onslaught of the air .
they were each carrying flashlights , and kerosene lamps hung from plant hangers at the edge of the porch ceiling .
the suns heat reflected off it and baked the surrounding scrub plants in the cracked earth .
helen loved the diverse colors of fall and wished tree leaves and all plant leaves for that matter , remained the same varied array of colors throughout the entire year .
as she opened a cabinet , the pothos plant hanging nearby caught her eye .
helen used to take great care in tending to her plants .
she had a chinese evergreen in the kitchen , ( next to the pothos ) , an asparagus fern in the living room and several other varieties of plants scattered throughout the house .
then with a sadistic joy , she pulled the leaves from the plant stem and tossed them indiscriminately into the air .
finally , max burst through the thick plants , and i clutched my heart and let out a sigh of relief when i saw that he was unharmed .
a thick , oriental - patterned rug provided a footing for this comfort zone , along with a thick , walnut table placed behind the sofa and holding a fake plant .
long dead plants decorated the room , and a couple of bird cages were on the end of the narrow wall .
she waited with ned , hiding behind a bush as a speeding truck approached , its intense bright lights illuminating the white road and snowy covered plants that grew at the roads edge as its wheels skidded along , fighting to keep a straight line every time a bump or delve was driven over .
the thick branches of the various plants and trees form thick symbiotic knots around one another .
almost every available shelf had a plant or flower on it as well as most of the floor space .
it was painted a restful green and had neutral paintings and big green plants .
in addition , she never failed to bring flowers and potted plants .
besides , there were probable plants to water , a possible cat to feed , although by the way he reacted to the cats in the building this was unlikely .
she found no cat and no vulnerable plants in the flat .
the cactus plants were sure to die .
although expressionless and bearing no plants or pastry , she had nt failed to inquire about his health and to comment on the unseasonably warm weather , if minimally .
he stood there for a few seconds and then pushed past the swinging doors and sat down in the empty green lounge with neutral paintings and big green plants .
he placed the plants at the foot of the two tombs .
at the very moment ( 9:00pm january 29 ) that the director reached the page that recorded those words , the alarm clock next to the cactus plants summoned him to dinner .
they d plant rosebushes .
for years , those plants had reminded him life exists somewhere high above the ice cap .
they stood out from the other green and brown plant life because they were completely black - like charcoal .
the sun was shining brightly on the river and made earth delightful , while it filled me with love for life , for the swallows , whose swift agility is always delightful in my eyes , for the plants by the riverside , whose rustling is a pleasure to my ears .
our makeup is so weak , so awkwardly conceived ; our body is encumbered with organs that are always tired , always being strained like locks that are too complicated ; it lives like a plant and like an animal nourishing itself with difficulty on air , herbs , and flesh ; it is a brute machine which is a prey to maladies , to malformations , to decay ; it is broken - winded , badly regulated , simple and eccentric , ingeniously yet badly made , a coarse and yet a delicate mechanism , in brief , the outline of a being which might become intelligent and great .
dead plants .
just beyond , brown , wilted plants cluttered the tables and benches to the far wall .
pollard eyed the plants .
there s this beautiful world full of trees and blue sky and rain and birds and perfect moments , like licking a mint chocolate chip ice cream cone , and watching people wander around the outdoor mall , not there to shop , but just to enjoy the benches and plants and warm air and the sounds of other human beings and feel connected to the rest of their community , even if they do nt actually speak to each other as they pass by .
a bright drippy splatter of red , white and gray coated the plants where the remnants of hector 's head had been blown apart .
there were small patches of trees and plants to the left and right sides of the trailer park .
the original road that led to his personal version of shangri - la was overgrown with decades worth of plants and trees .
they d feasted on and eradicated his tomato plants and then moved on to his corn , which he used to make whiskey with a homemade still .
sunday , they had nearly devoured almost all his corn and moved on to attack his beloved marijuana plants .
on the plus side , that made snapping their necks easy but the loss of two fully grown pot plants still infuriated him .
the small hidden valley echoed with the sounds of classic rock and those rabbits that had n't gotten stoned by feasting on marijuana plants bolted away but , after growing accustomed to what they perceived as just noise , soon returned .
the rabbits stopped chewing on the remaining vegetables and marijuana plants as they sensed the mad men coming closer .
the only ones that were still in the compound as the men found their way inside were the ones that had been gorging themselves on the marijuana plants .
he did this because he strongly believed his plants grew better when exposed to classic rock music .
after stumbling into the moonlit garden the two men , which colonel lester would have classified as screamers , attacked everything around them including all the plants that got in their way .
they literally stumbled on the sleeping rabbits that had eaten some of the marijuana plants , ripped the furry animals to shreds , and feasted as the songs continued to play- albeit at a much lower volume .
every one of his plants was destroyed .
the corn stalks and tomato bushes were trampled or eaten , but far more infuriating to charlie , every single one of his nearly nine foot tall marijuana plants were gone .
no plants grew in the decimated valley .
arms and legs were arranged like plants in a topiary , a blossom of death , wreathed in blood that dripped like sap , like pollen , like crimson nectar .
when the meadows , flowerbeds , plants , and trees surrounding them had taken on their true mystical properties , when their rose - colored bodies had grown paler and their dark green eyes had shrunken into their skulls , the incubus drelrei began the ritual , the sacrifice which was rebirth .
inside a greenhouse pagoda of the fiendfarms , the tantradox made love to itself , heliotropic plants growing and blooming toward the burning light of their souls , the smell of recently - smoked opium and jasmine - scented aphrodisiacs strong in the perfumed air .
the very planet itself was their lair , their sanctuary , and their palace , and drelrei and junisia perpetually explored and circumnavigated their paradise , experimenting with its ambrosias , discovering its strange secrets , and communicating or battling with its plants and wildlife .
the tantradox spent this day observing the heavens from a hillside precipice several miles high , where coca plants grew one hundred feet tall , awaiting the shooting star that had been augured in the designs of the eviscerated siamese twin chimeras ' entrails several nights ago .
for hours , the tantradox waited , eating the leaves of the giant coca plants to improve its vision and its powers of discernment and observation , listening to the rustlings of the albino cocaine demons throughout the cliffs around them , foraging , fornicating , and satiating their addictions .
behind them the cliffs of caine , to which the griffins had been summoned by the call of their master , loomed like frozen tsunamis , their hundred - foot tall coca plants forming pentagram - shaped silhouettes against the horizons of midnight .
the dream - eater ejaculated with masochistic delight as the plant tried to devour his members , then ejaculated again when its viscous tongue ripped all the skin from the underside of his upper penis .
the masochistic dream - eater had begun to enjoy the prolonged torture , and as they were dragged through various fields and gardens until the afternoon , often masturbated by turning over on his stomach and rubbing his phalluses on plants , flowers , grasses , and the abrasive , decorticating ground .
the sculptures in the walls of ganja plants and opium poppies were different , of course , and he could see , hear , feel , taste , and smell all the characters in the scenery , and their stories .
as he journeyed through the spiral maze , there were also several plants and flowers which he had not formerly perceived as drugs , but when he ate them , or lit them and inhaled their perfumes , he discovered that they really were and always had been .
from the tranquility of hyacinth to the sexual rush of roses , the battle - strengthening effects of venus fly traps to the near - death experiences of asphodel , chariah felt as though must have eaten one of every species of plant in existence within the last hour .
every plant , every flower , every leaf were all lit by his pyromantic breath , but instead of bursting into flame , they kindled like hemp in a pipe .
giant fronds and ferns overlooked high terraces , while flowers , berries , and fruits bloomed on plants and vines that hung down from every ceiling like the tresses of a fertility demoness .
a pair of siamese twins , joined at the head , lay broken and bloodied beneath the coca plants as the oneirophage ravished their minds .
the oneirophage crawled behind the large stem of a giant coca plant and lay in wait for his prey , then ambushed them with a cobra strike that paralyzed them in mid - gait .
the cocaine demons had rigged up an elaborate system of coca ingestion , with the twigs , vines and roots of the surrounding plants inserted into their nostrils and the veins in the insides of their elbows , feeding them cocaine intravenously while holding them aloft in the branches above the ground as they made love .
with all the coca plants surrounding them now barren , the drugs sucked from their leaves and stems into the oneirophage through the conduit of their bodies , the cocaine demons were left in a state of agonizing withdrawal , screaming , sweating , shivering , and shaking , the male 's phallus now flaccid in his lover 's dry and parched mouth , and she leaking blood between the cracked lips of his .
the giant iron cross was blasted from its foundation and toppled heavily down the cliffs of caine , flattening hundred - foot coca plants and crushing cocaine demons in its wake .
i loved flowers and plants .
i had my land surveyed and proved to him that my plants were five feet from his property line .
` ` he sells the ginseng and some other plants and roots , '' she explained .
` ` he even told me that he uses some of the plants to treat himself .
i know the native americans used plants for just about everything . ''
the unmade road was full of potholes and mounds of renegade plants that had forced their way up through the gravel .
i ate spiders and frogs and translucent bugs and thin , spindly plants .
the random potted plants swayed with the wind that she created with her passage through the corridor .
one of the less stupid administrators had at one time decided to lighten the atmosphere and make it less imposing using potted plants .
after weeks of nothing but canned food , his mouth watered whenever he even looked at the growing plants .
the edge of the mine was barren of all plant life for fifty feet , making it easy to quickly look over .
he had made his way to the far side of the hill from their new camp , when jason came upon a large grass filled clearing where a herd of deer consisting of a large buck and his harem of does , were grazing on small leafy plants .
we spray pesticides on plants so the bugs do nt get them .
so , the problem is that when we use pesticides , some of the pesticides can harm the plant that were trying to growbecause they re a lot like poisons .
so , scientists have made genetically modified plants that are resistant to the pesticides they want to use .
that way , we can spray the plants all we want and kill only the bugs , because the plants are made to withstand the pesticide .
that way , we can spray the plants all we want and kill only the bugs , because the plants are made to withstand the pesticide .
it seemed from what they were saying that its not a virus so much as a poison , like the human body reacting to something in the genetically engineered plant .
outside the cave there was a large patch of multi - shaded green plants .
minutes later she emerged from the plant enclosure holding her nose .
looking into the jungle 's confusing mixture of plants , vines , rocks and trees , she remembered his cautionary words : still plenty big enough to get lost in .
` ` i was saying , '' dick continued , walking over to the plant behind jessica .
part 2 secrets chapter 9 the butterfly danced and landed on the plant near kyle roberts and a smile crept across his lips .
she maneuvered past , through , and around plants , vines , and trees ; all flying at her as hazy shapes .
she could still see him holding the poisonous plant , telling her , ` ` eat one of these and you probably wo n't be coming home for dinner . ''
she cut one of the poisonous plants and dropped it to the dirt .
into the poisonous plant .
it was one of the poisonous plants that richard said were all over the island .
jessica dropped the plant and ground it in with her heel the same way she had the day bobby attacked her .
the locals around auschwitz thought it was a sausage plant . ''
down here in these wet and swampy lowlands , in this jungle where the night - flowering plants extruded blood instead of sap , he was a hunted animal ... prey .
my name is tom wallace ; i work in publications at the north american aircraft plant in inglewood , california .
` ` we 'd appreciate it , '' i told him as he turned away and stepped over the plants onto the lawn .
` ` i 'll call the plant . ''
her shirt said browning and schuyler gardening center with a few plants done in line art .
someone was water - ing their plants .
he walked down the path , aware that he was glimpsing plants he had never seen anywhere in ohio before spiny cactuses and drum cactuses , winter fat , squaw tea , russian thistle .
he could see buildings here and there amid rows of gray and listless plants .
tak is great , tak will feed , and tak will rule as it has always ruled , in the desert of wastes , where the plants are migrants and the ground is magnetic .
some people and plants take hold in the sun .
i drew the stuff growing around big pink , then had jack buy me a book - common plants of the florida coast - so i could put names to my pictures .
there was aloe vera ; sea lavender with its bursts of tiny yellow flowers ( each possessing a tiny heart of deepest violet ) ; inkberry with its long spade - shaped leaves ; and my favorite , sophora , which common plants of the florida coast also identified as necklace - bush , for the tiny podlike necklaces that grow on its branches .
` ` i ' m the artist who does the sunsets with the big shells and plants and things sitting on them .
she lounged on a rattan couch that was surrounded by lush tropical plants , some of them in crimson and pink blooms .
i ' m all clocked out , and i put the report on those marijuana plants we found in robbie rennerts 's back field on your desk .
curtis made a number of experiments between ' 79 and ' 83 , leaving various plants and animals in and around the buick when the temperature dropped , but all the results were essentially reruns of what happened with jimmy and roslyn .
' it looks like some sort of uprooted plant , ' brian said .
the stalks looked more like treebark than parts of a flowering plant , their green surfaces covered with a network of cracks and crenellations .
curt reached into the trunk and grasped the plant just above its rooty bulb .
curt dropped the decaying corpse - lily plant inside , and even the sound it made going down the bag 's plastic throat was somehow wrong ?
the smell of the decaying creature was getting worse by the minute , and i remembered the puff - pak curtis had worn when he 'd come in here to investigate the plant that looked like a lily .
it 's not much different from a venus flytrap or a pitcher plant , do n't you see that ?
on the other hand , if pete did n't like one of the places their mom picked ( his least favorite by far had been the plant - a - torium ; returning to sanford that day he had been in an especially boogery frame of mind ) , he was generous in shar - ing his opinion .
he looked like mr . bork , the science teacher at sanford elementary who had taught them about the plants and animals of northern new england ... including , of course , the world - famous beechnut .
the gray appendage started swaying back and forth like the stalk of some undersea plant undulating in the current .
the plants that grew after a rain like that would be monsters .
what grew best in the shallow soil which remained was plants with shallow root - systems and hardy natures - weeds and trash - plants , in other words : scruffy trees , thick low bushes , and virulent infestations of poison ivy and poison oak grew everywhere they were allowed a foothold .
what grew best in the shallow soil which remained was plants with shallow root - systems and hardy natures - weeds and trash - plants , in other words : scruffy trees , thick low bushes , and virulent infestations of poison ivy and poison oak grew everywhere they were allowed a foothold .
every day for a week they would take the a out and load the bed with rocks which might break a harrow - blade when the time came to turn the earth and plant .
mike had been given a five - percent interest in the farm when he was five years old - old enough , will had told him then , to hold a hoe and to tell the difference between witchgrass and pea - plants .
` ` shut up , '' henry whispered to the ghost - voices , hoeing faster , beginning to hoe up the new pea - plants along with the weeds .
i let all of them do me , i was nothing but a slut , but now i ' m rich too and we 're all together again , and we 're doing it again but you could n't do it now even if i let you because you could n't get it up , so ha - ha on you , henry , ha - ha all over you - he hoed madly , weeds and dirt and pea - plants flying ; the ghost - voices from the ghost - moon were very loud now , echoing and flying in his head , and fogarty was running toward him , bellowing , but henry could not hear .
there were plants he had never seen before , and richie realized some of the things he had first taken for trees were really giant ferns .
he looked around again , nervously , almost expecting to see a brontosaurus raise its cranelike neck against the sky and stare down at them , its mouth full of mud and dripping uprooted plants , or a saber - toothed tiger come stalking out of the undergrowth .
the lobby was old , festooned with plants , and still possessed of a certain fading charm .
henry stepped out into the silent hallway ( more plants here , hanging ones , spiderplants , he did n't want to touch any of them , not those oozy green runners , they reminded him too much of the things that had been hanging down there in the dark ) .
ben saw bushes which suddenly became man - eating plants .
there was grasses wavin and plants that was all knotted together so it seemed like they made faces , and i seen somethin sittin in a squat on top of a stump , and it looked like a tree - toad , only it was as big as a full - growed cat .
` ` every single one of them will die without me , like plants without water in the desert .
not like an animal but like a plant .
maybe she was only a clinging vine after all , because the venus flytrap is a species of vine , but that plant is carnivorous and will make animal motion when a fly or a bit of raw meat is placed in its jaws .
chester was supposed to be watering the plants and dusting and waxing the floor .
my guess is that the plants went thirsty that day and the only waxing that was done happened because of chester 's dirty ear polishing the keyhole plate of that connecting door .
` ` bart , do you know what it 's going to mean if your estimate is wrong and we lose that plant ?
you dragged your heels on finding a new plant for the blue ribbon laundry and finally got canned- ` ` i did n't .
it 's a ` ` plant '' .
the indian theme continued , with more animal statues and painted plants on the walls , with real plants huddled under full - spectrum lights , so it gave the illusion of sunlight coming through a jungle canopy .
the indian theme continued , with more animal statues and painted plants on the walls , with real plants huddled under full - spectrum lights , so it gave the illusion of sunlight coming through a jungle canopy .
other than the fact that the house was set in a yard that ran high to rocks , sand , and native desert plants , it could have been one of a million housing developments anywhere in the country .
it gave the illusion of water , dry water , flowing in the shape and color of stone and plant .
` ` it 's just rocks and plants , '' olaf said .
i felt so emotional and stunted , like i was some shriveled plant begging a gardener to water me .
except i was n't a nice plant like a rose bush , nor a useful plant like a tomato vine .
except i was n't a nice plant like a rose bush , nor a useful plant like a tomato vine .
at last he crept back into his bed and pulled the blankets up and watched the shadows thrown by the alien streetlight turn into a sinuous jungle filled with flesh - eating plants that wanted only to slip around him , squeeze the life out of him , and drag him down into a blackness where one sinister word flashed in red : redrum .
/the plants are moving under the rug . ''
she screamed and the force of her cry seemed to break the room apart , to let in darkness , and she was mother abagail again one hundred and eight years old , too old , my lord , too old ( but let thy will be done ) , and she was walking in the corn , the mystic corn that was rooted shallow in the earth but wide , lost in the corn that was silver with moonglow and black with shadow ; she could hear the summer nightwind rustling gently through it , she could smell its growing , wholly alive smell as she had smelled it all her long , long life ( and she had thought many times that this was the plant closest to all life , the corn , and its smell was the smell of life itself , the start of life , oh she had married and buried three husbands , david trotts , henry hardesty , and nate brooks , and she had had three men in bed , had welcomed them as a woman must welcome a man , by giving way before him , and there had always been the yearning pleasure , the thought oh my god how i love to be sexy with my man and how i love him to be sexy with me when he gets me what he gets me what he shoots in me and sometimes at the instant of her climax she would think of the corn , the bland corn with its roots planted not deep but wide , she would think of flesh and then the corn , when it was all over and her husband lay beside her the sex smell would be in the room , the smell of the spunk the man had shot into her , the smell of the juices she made to smooth his way , and it was a smell like husked corn , mild and sweet , a goodish smell ) .
fran was curled up on the double bed , wearing one of his shirts - it came almost to her knees - and reading a book titled fifty friendly plants .
love did n't grow very well in a place where there was only fear , just as plants did n't grow very well in a place where it was always dark .
one of nature 's real marvels , the pitcher plant .
the venus flytrap is able to close on its hapless , insectile victims ; the pitcher plant , with its delicious smell and its deadly , glassy - smooth sides , only waits for some flying asshole of a bug to buzz on down and inside ... where it finally drowns in the rainwater the pitcher collects .
5 four o'clock came , and as if the tap 's total emptiness had been only a clever piece of stage setting to lure him in - like the pitcher plant with its innocent look and its tasty smell - the door opened and nearly a dozen men in work - clothes came sauntering in .
does a fly or a ladybug feel relief if an unexpected gust of wind comes along and tilts the pitcher plant just enough to allow the drowning insect to fly out ?
jack became quite nervous ( visions of wolf caught in a steel - jawed trap had begun to come to him , wolf caught and grimly not howling as he gnawed at his own leg ... ) before wolf returned , walking almost upright this time , and carrying plants in both hands , the roots dangling out of his fists .
but the good smells are like the medicine plants .
it was the pitcher plant again .
twice the walls of the valleys grew up right alongside the tracks , and all jack could see on either side were scrubby reddish cliffs covered with low creeping plants .
au the same , stark moved rapidly for the large potted plant which occupied the comer of the elevator lobby along with an absolutely useless non - representational painting .
he did not so much hide as submerge like a submarine going to periscope depth , and the concealment the potted plant offered was at best minimal .
the plant 's broad , crisscrossing leaves printed sawtoothed shadows on his face .
it had shattered ... but the plant doctor , who came on the run , said later that he believed mrs . shelburn was dead before the water had soaked through her dress and her underclothes to wet her skin .
and an ace of spades or a pot plant on the other one , kinnell thought .
the scrubby pines behind the service area sloped down to a boggy area that stank of plant and animal decomposition .
they go way up in plant areas .
upon each she put a planter , and in each planter was a different sort of plant or bunch of flowers .
a wide path had been worn through this , but on both sides of it the plants continued to grow in rampant splendor .
bobbi was growing a garden full of huge plants , but the vegetables were inedible ... perhaps even poisonous .
her tongue floated like some fleshy undersea plant .
the wings were spreading through the obscenely overgrown garden , and as the mutated plants burned , the fire glowed green .
two of the gigantic , flaming corn plants toppled onto the crenshaw woman , who shrieked and let go of the dune - buggy 's steering bar .
bloody strands of scalp still clung to the ends , as clumps of earth cling to the roots of a plant which has been roughly pulled out of the ground .
in the sixties , vic thought , she would have been in a commune , diligently picking bugs off tomato plants .
anna quietly unlatched the back gate and , once through , led the way quietly through the expansive back yard , past the koi pond she loved so much , and to the key hidden under the third potted plant from the door .
then ruby rides the elevator with temple up to the sixteenth floor , where temple 's room is , a little office with a mattress on the floor and a table with a lamp and an artificial plant .
what you got in it , plants ?
she did n't think it would be so difficult , picking the berries , but the plants are thorny and if she pulls at the berries too hard they crush to purple sap in her hands .
dusty computer screens , mugs full of ballpoint pens , framed photographs , ceramic pots with viney plants long dead , their dry tendrils snaking along windowsills - here and there smears of black - brown dried blood across the blotters .
then abraham circles around the side of the group and begins tossing obstacles in their way - tables and light aluminium chairs , artificial plants in clay pots , light - weight kiosks .
they sit , affixed in their places , like plants and other anchored creatures of nature , biding their time , their mouths filling up with snow , their eyes filling up with snow , spectral and full of peace .
he spread his arms out and knocked the plant off the table , pretending it was an accident .
then he picked up the plant and set it back on the table .
no dogs , cats , goldfish , not even a potted plant .
her breasts were encased in horrible - looking green alien plant matter .
it resembled michelles place , but on the opposite side of the street , with different plants .
if that plant leaves , hundreds of families from around here are going to have a real hard time surviving .
the issue with the plant deserved a persons concern and consideration , yet no one affected by it followed me around giving me the old evil eye .
this does nt involve the plant .
there are all manner of weird fishes and plants out there .
then they were in their offices , safely ensconced between coffee machines , water coolers and linen plants in terracotta - colored plastic pots .
she had a bamboo plant that would die and be replaced every two weeks , so the living element was there .
the flowers fascinated lulu because if she was back at home on the other side of the quartz , she could actually fly onto the flower and enjoy the nectar , but on this side she was too big and stood many times taller than the plant .
if he squeezed his right fist close to any living plant , a blue aura appeared about his fist and the plant advanced in time until it died .
if he squeezed his right fist close to any living plant , a blue aura appeared about his fist and the plant advanced in time until it died .
conversely if he squeezed his left fist it had the opposite effect and the plant went back in time .
there was no reaction until his fist was moved close to the plants ; in fact nothing happened until the blue aura engulfed part of the plant .
there was no reaction until his fist was moved close to the plants ; in fact nothing happened until the blue aura engulfed part of the plant .
louie and lulu amused themselves making plants older and younger , still not believing that it was for real .
there were nt many people around and i had gone over to where there are plants growing in a bed put there by the council .
i became mesmerised watching the plants age then become younger again .
anyway unbeknown to me , a person some distance away behind had noticed something odd about the plants and had come over to investigate .
before moving to sri lanka in february 2011 to manage the tea estate i thought it best to conduct some research into tea ; how it grows , how best to maintain the plants to optimize on the yield , how much cow poo to put it in the ground to keep everything organic and all other manner of things that i thought were necessary to understand prior to taking on the job .
the home always had plants growing , lots of flowers in vases and it was occupied by lively animals , including a large fish tank .
he struggled to communicate properly with me at times but he was a dab - hand at getting a plant to grow and he has a way with animals like no other person i know .
the first : after brothing up a world with water and soil and fish and plants and beasts that stand on two feet and talk and would eventually want credit cards and cell phones and satellite tv , god dipped his finger in the wetness between new jersey and long island and summoned forth the rock called manhattan .
after creating a world with water and soil and fish and plants and beasts that stand on two feet , god dipped his finger in the wetness between athens and africa and summoned forth the rock called kos # # # this book is a work of fiction .
a carnivorous plant closed its leaves over a struggling fly .
ok grigor grunted in reply as he stepped over severalon - fire , upturned potted plants that littered the area .
also , if you re in some kind of waterworld scenario where everywhere is flooded and everyone is like , riding on boats and fighting over plants and stuff while kevin costner is all like i have gills and mad fighting skills .
actually no plants were growing near the water which was a clue that the pond was dangerous .
was nt a plant there before ?
he noticed some dying plants in a corner .
` ` still ca nt take care of plants .
tracy practically jumped up and down behind some potted plants .
the more people there were , the fewer plants .
more likely the drops journeyed through bodies , flesh and stone , made tours of countries and circumnavigated the globe , never settling in the same place twice , lest it be by chance , occupying through time every pore of the earth , composing plant and animal over generations , being drunk and passed from one condition to another , frozen and boiledsuspended in clouds .
vern recalled its special springness - air infused and rarefied , sharing the fate of its kind , drowned in its turn , pumped , adhered to haemoglobin , transmuted , respired , used , carbon - dioxide its surrogate , which was waste to man and ambrosia to plants and trees .
i walk and stop , walk again , in search of those i might tend , as a loving gardener the limbs of plant and tree after the passage of a great storm .
the two streets of houses had quite long gardens on the southern and western sides so the place got plenty of light for plant growing which was mainly cash crops such as tomatoes and cucumbers .
he introduced them briefly and then watched as john put his arm around wayne 's shoulder and the two of them walked away down between the rows of plants , john explaining and wayne nodding .
the goat crept up her walkway , sampling more of her lovely plants .
his only love was his garden back in west virginia , and how his tomato plants were getting along .
every morning he d go out to that garden , and if he saw even so much as a shadow of a lady bug or an aphid or any other kind of bug on one of his tomato plants , he d whip his little rubber band pistol out of his pocket and shoot that bug so fast it would make your head swim !
but , if i was to guess , knowing mitchs love for plants , i d say last night he probably put together some little pellets of poison ivy that he could load and shoot just like bullets !
i ca nt leave , replied mitch calmly , as he filled a pitcher of water to take out to his tomato plants .
then , he dug his heel into the dirt , crushing the plant to smithereens .
then , to the amazement of all , he lifted the massive hulk of big tom right off the ground ( where he had fallen on mitchs potato plants ) and heaved him out into the street .
then mitch turned , paying no more attention to the brute , and quickly began trying to revive his crushed plants .
he was too busy with his wounded plants .
replied mitch calmly , as he replaced the bandage on one of his half - crushed watermelon plants .
three of them stormed up to him while he was watering his cucumber plants in front of the sheriffs office .
mitch winced at the thought of one of his beloved plants being shot at .
a group of them cornered him later that day while he was weeding his potato plants in front of the sheriffs office .
then while everyone looked on and giggled , mitch tenderly set the plant on the table and gave it some water from the watering can he had brought along .
everyday , amidst the jeers and catcalls of the watching saloon patrons , mitch would visit the saloon and gingerly water his precious plant .
after he left , they would all gather round and speak to it some more , and its a good thing the poor plant could nt understand what they were saying .
finally , the memorable day came when the plant began to bloom .
they found him tenderly putting a splint on the stalk of one of his broccoli plants that had been knocked over by a passing dog .
mitch looked after them for a long time while thoughtfully stroking the leafs of one of his tall sunflower plants .
suddenly he got excited ( something that rarely happened , unless he saw one of his plants in bloom ) .
//// chapter 6 - how some bank robbers got stung for their crimes one day while itchy mitch was weeding tenderly around his watermelon plants ( he would stroke them and talk to them while he did it ) , he was surprised to look up and see the bank president standing nearby .
` ` hmmm ... '' murmured mitch as he stooped over to brush an ant from the leaf of one of his tomato plants .
some said it was because mitch was writing a new will leaving his plants ( and of course the responsibility to water them ) to whoever he thought was most deserving .
then mitch went back to his office to water his cucumber plants , leaving everyone to wonder what was going on .
he found mitch out back weeding his turnip plants .
for a minute , mitch did n't even look up from where he was watering his broccoli plants .
when he finally did he just tipped his hat and said , ` ` i 'll be seeing you , '' and then went back to watering his plants .
mitch was singing to the potted radish plants on his desk while elias sat across the room wearing earplugs , reading a book called how to find gold when nobody else can .
mitch liked to sing to all his plants to help them grow , but he especially liked to sing to the radishes which seemed to get bigger and redder every time they listened to o susannah , or shell be comin around the mountain .
( since they were only plants , they could nt tell he sang off key ) .
few things stirred him more than the suffering of innocent plants .
he thought carefully for a moment , while stroking the vine of one of his tomato plants in the window .
when mitch got back to his office , he found joe slug lounging in his chair with his feet propped up on the desk , dangerously close to mitchs potted tomato plants .
he left the four farmers in his office ( each one had taken over his own jail cell in order to be more comfortable ) with strict instructions to water his zuchini and tomato plants , but without a word about where he was going .
when asked what was in the sacks , he just smiled and then carefully watered his potato and cucumber plants in the garden next to his office .
but mitch just smiled , picked up his watering can , and headed outside to water his cauliflower plants .
mitch was already up ( since his pea plants preferred to be watered early ) and when he opened the door was surprised to see rancher bomont standing in front of him , looking madder than an unmilked cow .
some said he was writing a long last letter to his mother , while others said he was counting his cherry tomato plants for the last time .
mitch tethered the cow ( which he named flutterbusket ) behind the sheriff 's office , making sure it was far enough away from his lettuce plants to not do them in .
mitch was often over at her cottage at the edge of town to admire and talk about her garden , and the two frequently exchanged seeds and plants .
` ` sorry , cousin , '' said mitch as he watered the tomato plants in his windowsill .
and on the way out to chase after mitch he slammed the door so hard that one of mitch 's tomato plant pots fell off the windowsill and broke on sonny 's foot .
when they finally got there , mitch just sat stupidly in his chair and did n't even water his zuchini plants like he always did in the evening .
to the amazement of all , actual weeds appeared in mitch 's garden , and some of his plants began to droop from lack of water .
she then hunted down mitch and gave him a stern lecture about fulfilling his responsibility to his plants , but the poor man just stared at her with a vacant look in his eyes until she gave up in disgust .
where before he would constantly water and weed his plants and baby them along , now he hardly touched his watering can , and left his garden to fend for itself against weeds and the hot nevada sun .
( mitchs plants started rapidly dying after this ) .
it was so quiet you could almost hear a ladybug walking across the leaf of one of mitchs wilting tomato plants in the window .
mitch picked up his watering can and went over to the cherry tomato plants on his windowsill .
mitch just shook his head with a smile and went back to watering his cherry tomato plants .
he and judith mae took buggy rides into the country and went on lots of strolls through the hills , looking for rare flowers or plants .
they spent hours in mitchs garden at the sheriff 's office , tenderly watering each plant , carefully weeding down each row and talking to all of the beets , radishes , egg plants , etc .
they spent hours in mitchs garden at the sheriff 's office , tenderly watering each plant , carefully weeding down each row and talking to all of the beets , radishes , egg plants , etc .
mumbled elias , while mitch went out to water his broccoli plants .
reese contented himself with balancing the rim of a large potted plant by the door .
i picked up the first proposal , which was about late - blooming plants , and quickly moved it to the reject pile .
its like a frickin plant , man .
when she wrote this essay about tide pool economics she sat there at her desk in the room that looked out on the eastern side yard of the old bungalow and the old bed of irises ( probably important plants for the old lady who had once lived there ) , and she quickly zipped out an utterly bizarre essay on the computer , without a single revision , without thinking .
you like to garden , i murmured as i stared at his tomato plants and rose bushes , which were in full blossom .
he had become quite fond of his little patch of land with its rows of carrots , beets and the occasional tomato plant .
they collected here awaiting transport , avoiding eye contact with people they 'd seen every day for years , as familiar as house plants .
silently they argued over a route , deciding on a central path , dodging between pestilence and bestiality , fragrances wafted by fans , skirmishing with plastic plant fronds and shying from gilt - edged advertisements for lip colour .
both fertilizer and plant , future growth from this reluctant medium , here adhering to the past , refusing to move , to put forth or even germinate .
the water is brown because of the plant life at the bottom of it , along with roots and things like that , dad said .
what a majestic buildingso bigand all glass , gold and steel with lush potted plants .
it 's just a few feet away in that big building in the middle of the blockthe one with all the glass and gold , the one with the big potted plants out front . ''
duncan looked at me like i was crazy , which i felt was rich coming from a man who thought plants could read .
the potted plants had been exchanged for some that were n't shrivelled .
` ` two potted plants and one hundred and twenty - eight guards . ''
pebble : would n't let me go ... wife , kids , all gone ... then chucked into the water ... left to drown , sinking , watching the water flow past my eyes , watching the plants and roots , silver fish , hitting the sand with a jarring thud ... ... . the horror , the horror !
'' i ' m sorry , plant , '' he mumbles contritely , '' really sorry .
'' you 're a very nice plant , '' chicory murmurs .
'' you must be joking , you big - nosed bastard , '' the plant replies .
'' it 's a fecking plant , you moron , '' says rocket .
arden thought he could hear the plant breathing through its elongated phloem and xylem .
the plant could season and seal thirty - two cans of jam a minute , the same amount of time it took bugs to manage a single jar .
a couple of gardens once housed flowers and plants , but now contained only weeds and dead stalks .
pane looked at him as if he had just sprouted a a zucchini plant out of his nose .
from the low ceilings , fluorescent lights cast harsh , artificial luminescence onto the muted earth tones that are the common denominator over everything from the furniture to the plastic , potted plants .
it was nt hard to imagine computers tossed out windows in fits of rage , chairs crashing into walls as executives screamed their resignation , or plants and furniture upturned as vice presidents met in the center of the conference rooms and waged hand to hand combat over the laying of blame .
mike nodded affirmatively , and then thinking he might have inadvertently implied he wanted to be a large plant , clarified his answer , i do nt want to be a fern .
he shook his head back and forth to emphasize his desire to remain a person , not a flowerless plant .
stuck in his mind was plants line , all that lives is born to die .
oh my god , i m going to be plant food !
it almost looked like an exotic plant with delicate , silver vines weaving around a gleaming , black pearl stem .
the cave was plentiful with little plants and reasonably sized branches .
it was a shame that while talented with any form of plant life he appeared to lack a single ounce of the white christmas touch that the world had so come to expect from their father christmas .
` ` bella says you 're good with plants ... er ...
through the tips of the trees i watched the glass - enclosed train , four cars long , clank and squeal its way down the gentle gradient like a reluctant caterpillar inching along a plant 's drooping stem .
not a soiled , unwashed root plant . ''
down the wide hallway we strolled , passing calderesque mobiles a - dangle with thin strips of recycled metal , misshapen busts of the starving poor sculpted from discarded fruit and a series of oil portraits depicting industrial landscapes under attack by hirsute children who appeared spawned of daisy plants and rabid beavers .
he took in the whole room at one glance : the defunct plant loosely draping its leaves on the mantelpiece , the sofa with the mensa book and shakespeares illegally procured works , and a broken brush with only half a handle lying against the side of the sofa , one of the sofas , the fourstar pizza box ( empty ) , the wrecked chipped vinyl faux floorboards ( black , black with ingrained beerstains and muck ) .
he was fed up being fat , but liked pizza , and wanted to be dead to the world , but something in him was living and breathing like a new - blossoming plant , something he d rather kill and squash .
it was a plant , and a cliff , and many things besides .
the previous few weeks had seen a petrol bomb thrown out the window ( by levin mccochall ) , the invention and one - off consumption of irish tea ( whiskey and dope ) , a book scam perpetrated by the infamous willy stroker , the casual sowing of cannabis seeds in a plant pot outside the front door , hamish voluntary departure from the university , the sustained consumption of cannabis over several weeks , a spontaneous journey to an unknown forest on the outskirts of belfast , a three - day military coup against the democratically elected leader of venezuela , smoking of marijuana grass in home - made bongs , the invasion of gaza and the west bank by israeli troops , multiple viewings of the film airplane by james hendry and others , the writing of essays and untimely handing in of coursework , making dope yoghurt , drinking of michlobb beer , eating cannabis resin to excess , eating esperantos kebabs , attempts to buy special wraps from esperantos , the discovery of the link between quantum uncertainty and event horizons at the micro and macro physical levels , listening to shee - ha - ha music in the livingroom , non - stop smoking and breathing and eating of cannabis resin , watching of rodge and podge , the receipt of a student loan cheque , the purchase of cannabis from a drug dealer , complaints about the quality of said cannabis , confused thinking , pleasurable insights of extraordinary magnitude , the alteration of social norms in a peripherally isolated community , the accumulation of dishes and filth , the playing of pink floyd , of velvet underground , of nirvana , of muddy waters , of radio radio , radio radio radio failt radio radio radio radio radio radio failt .
emmett tried not to glance at the cannabis plants sprouting happily from the pot plant at the door and smiled with terror .
on saturday 4th may , 2002 , chris separated his male plants from the female ones , based on flower type .
the female plants are the only ones worth cultivating for resin , which is mostly concentrated in beads around and just beneath the female flower .
levin stuck two of them in a plant pot , gave a third to neil , and with some thought decided to dismember the forth and dry it .
look at plants .
they will grow , often in a twisting motion , towards the light , and many plants also respond to touch , either by dropping their leaves suddenly , or , more long - term , producing stunted growth in response to repeated pressure .
others were more like wind - buffered plants growing in weird shapes .
levin , erwan and neil stayed carefully on one side , clinging to the stems of hardy plants ; chris and john did the same on the other .
in contrast to the rest of the plant , which everywhere bore the indelible imprint of his passage , he took inordinate pride in them , ritualistically washing them in solvent after use and stacking them up one inside the other so that they formed into a gigantic gleaming yellow phallic symbol , a monument to himself .
on the opposite shelf , samples from each of the plant experimental runs had been neatly laid out .
` ` it 's your plant ! ''
it is an ancient plant worker , and he sidles up to me , by thy long black beard and glittering eye , what 's with this packet of three ? ''
` ` you are in a mood for plant gossip today are n't you .
` ` i thought that pike said we could n't have any plant time because we are too busy . ''
first , it was god asking us to be good ; then , it was chimps evolving into us ; now , its et just visiting for a few plant samples to take back home ; next , it ll be benevolent bacteria petitioning congress for funding for space travel ( if an idea ever needed a walt disney -- or his mutant child pixar -- its this one ) .
viruses are little snippets of dna that must get inside a cell ( bacteria or plant or animal ) and hijack its reproductive system to reproduce themselves .
the weight of all the bacteria on earth is thought to be greater than the weight of all the plants and animals on the planet combined !
the microbe mind in any individual creature ( plant , animal , human , whatever ) consists of trillions of cells with gazillions of connections .
kenaeth goldwrite was watering plants on the red wooden deck behind his house .
it was a large , circular room , with windows showing a sunny day , and plants could be seen touching the bottoms of the windows on the outside .
clarence saw a chair to his left behind a stand holding a small , leafy pot plant , he walked over to it and sat down , he wanted to have a few words with cloud but it could wait .
while the servant stood with the tray , sir rupert began to pour himself a cup , but he was still groggy and managed to pour the steaming liquid onto larkins hand , with a yelp of pain he stepped back and bumped into the small table holding the pot plant , it wobbled a little and finally the pot plant fell from sight to land with a gentle thud .
while the servant stood with the tray , sir rupert began to pour himself a cup , but he was still groggy and managed to pour the steaming liquid onto larkins hand , with a yelp of pain he stepped back and bumped into the small table holding the pot plant , it wobbled a little and finally the pot plant fell from sight to land with a gentle thud .
speak up , sir rupert was jabbing his cane at a large pot plant , well , god gave you a tongue , you poor , skinny fool , speak up .
one of the maids came upon the dismembered plant .
she looked at the half plant standing in the pot , then she looked up at the top of the window before which the plant had been standing , she could see a leaf caught there .
she looked at the half plant standing in the pot , then she looked up at the top of the window before which the plant had been standing , she could see a leaf caught there .
the plant was one of those long , leafy drooping things that grew constantly , it was a special prize of one of the cooks .
winterhaiming had tied a piece of string to one end of the plant , passed the string through the top of the window and tied a small bucket of sand to it .
ah .. ahmr plant .
mr tree .. mr plant .
his name was mr plant .
i can speak for him on this matter of mr plant , you may consider yourself free from guilt because of the seedy character of the victim .
what did you do with the body of mr plant ?
mr plant was buried in the garden ?
as you know i murdered this plant .
you murdered a plant ?
a plant .
this plant .
what plant ?
the plant i murdered .
you murdered this plant , you said ?
called plant ?
i did nt know his name was plant until clem told me .
lord haddington told you he was called plant , did he ?
such a poor , forlorn name , artichoke plant .
yes , artichoke plant .
artichoke plant , artichoke plant , you know ?
artichoke plant , artichoke plant , you know ?
of course , there were nt any green fish any more ; they had all been eaten by the plants .
if they disappear , the local effects will be staggering : plants dry up and die , and animals simply move away .
and we ve discovered a rare plant too .
thought , had a place down in kent somewhere , with bees or bedding plants or something .
being one little fellow on a bunch , stuck to a vine , halfway down an endless line of other similar vines , which were themselves but one row in a vast army of plants surrounded by countless other vineyards upon the sides of gentle slopes somewhere in france .
also , some of the outside athena plants under the window and been cleared away to make a small path thru them .
the plants needed watering more than she needed a rinse , anyway .
she crushed a few leaves of something spicy in her hands and stuffed the crunchy remains in her pocket , then started the tedious chore of watering her plants .
feeling much better and semi - fed , henna sighed , finished the weeding and trudged off to get some water for her plants .
and a bag for collecting flowers and plants we pass on the way .
splashing in the creek while she watered her plants was n't much of a wash for a shopping trip , but it would have to do .
she suffered thru it while scouting for worthwhile plants to harvest .
some wind - blown seeds from strange plants on the other side of the gate .
there were a few mysterious plants here and there in the badlands .
there were plants that would perk the horse up for a while , but the horse was entirely likely to lie down and die at inopportune moments during the bargaining if he got into them .
bandits and foot soldier ghosts did n't usually know much about plants , and marvin had lived with a witch girl - friend before accidentally getting killed at the gate .
i mean , with so many wizards and whatnot getting killed around here , you 'd think there 'd be more magical plants .
you 'd need a dragon 's grave before you got enough concentrated magic to effect plants , and then it 'd be only a maybe .
the spell i was making stuck around for a while , that s what did the plants in .
and the dragon plants would smell real bad .
the plants they grow on their graves are even worse .
sometimes it 's a lot like trying to guess which plants are poisonous by testing them out on yourself .
and any other plants he wants from the plains .
well , the ones smart enough to survive picking poisonous plants .
or need any special plants from the badlands ?
that blasted plant - oil the bookstore owner wants flowers for only about a night and a day .
people that like plants .
i can track this witch across snow - fields , bare rock and avoid most of the weirder plants she puts in our path .
you 'd better check the path down is n't loaded with tied - back bushes , holes , poison plants or another mud slide .
there was n't much daylight left in the day with her frequent stops to harvest some plants during the day , just not much .
the wizard had stayed frozen into place whimpering while she had gathered supper in the grasslands , among a few other plants .
aaron had n't know just how well a witch could curse , even muffled by plants , till henna had flipped over him and gone for a header into the river .
henna the red snapped her head off the apprentice 's shoulder and stared intently at a plant she knew she wanted growing in the grass .
more witchcraft plants .
if we 're lucky , he 'll find some pain - killer plants for you .
with that , i picked up the day 's collection of witching plants henna had dropped beside me and forced myself to make my way to the well .
he also disliked having to march almost in place when marvin told henna about some particularly nice patch of plants they could harvest .
on at least three kinds of plants .
the three plants harvey doused them with ?
if i had n't gone high scouting for plants , i would n't ' ve noticed them at all .
he was still lying on his back in the middle of the large ring of standing stones , beside a small fire and surrounded by what looked like a witch 's garden of weird plants .
marvin mentioned absently from where he was bobbing around , cataloging the plants infesting the ring for henna .
but you wo n't like what the plants here do to you .
magical area , magical plants .
he had been inspecting plants since they got up here and was still fascinated by them .
most of the plants will do very interesting things to you , too .
henna twitched absently as she sewed and glanced at the plant .
he grumbled out , glaring around at the plants that surrounded him suspiciously .
the ring was filled to bursting with strange weeds and flowering plants .
very disturbing plant .
she had stuffed her knap with all sorts of weird plants she assured me were valuable , rare , powerful or just plain cute enough to be worth collecting and there was nothing trivial about her demands for me to stop while she dug something else up and added it to the festering pile in her knap .
we 'd come down the wrong side of the mountain , then henna had forced me into a path that ran her way , a way that had every stinking rare plant in the world on it from the way she was gathering things .
she 's another sad victim of self medication , and a lot worse than usual because she knows which plants have the most kick to them .
a reception desk waited in front of them , framed by a couple of elaborate tropical pot plants and backed by a large print of an alpine sunset .
all the plants and animals started to grow really big .
the girl lost the urge after imagining the sheer repulsion of having rampant egg plant sex amongst gouts festering toe nail clippings .
the vernacular the vernacular noun the commonly spoken language or dialect of a people or place a local style of architecture , in which ordinary houses are built adjective relating to , using , or in the vernacular designating or relating to the common name of an animal or plant built in the local style of ordinary houses , rather than a grand architectural style merlot filled spitfire in on gouts whereabouts , as it was quite odd not seeing him sitting there , bolt upright , on his usual perch .
it was a connoisseurs batch concocted from an authentic recipe of medicinal plants and flowers , including a healthy portion of wormwood , all macerated in a wine - based alcohol and distilled in one hundred year old alembics .
we learned a bunch of useless information , such as you can actually get a patent on a plant and that george washington signed the first patent in 1790 .
dying plants sat along the window ledge that fronted the street .
josie : oh it 's fine i wish i 'd gotten- john : well you know salad 's not really a real kind of food it 's just , it 's just leaves and it 's just grass , it 's just plants and it 's just trees .
they bordered a low redwood coffee table bordered by redwood end tables bearing green plants .
little pockets of trees and plants dotted sprawling lawns .
i saw some palm trees , some ferns , hibiscus and some plants with trumpet shaped flowers i could nt name .
they exited through what appeared to be an indoor hallway lined with wooden beams , benches and plants .
there s a plant called an angels trumpet .
sure enough , there were a few plants on the lawns with pretty trumpet shaped flowers .
they could charge people to come and see this , he thought , there was not a tree or a plant that was not at its best , perfectly pruned and trimmed .
wild plants lurk on the edges of lawns and carefully tended arbours , patiently waiting for a chance to return , to reclaim the land from which they have been evicted .
pot plants added a warmer touch .
i love the yucca plants , the painted colors in the sky , the feeling of wide open spaces .
in the lobby , hiding behind the plants .
potted plants and dazzling sunshine are her only company as she caresses a sixty - three year old photograph of an offspring who must remain a stranger .
she takes a leaf between her thumb and index finger and gently wipes dust from a thriving plant before thanking her lucky stars for its simple beauty .
daily mail pot - bound the roots of a pot - bound plant wind themselves round and round the inside of the pot making an impenetrable wall .
he took a seat at the end of a row of plastic chairs , next to a drooping plant .
even the plant looked as if it were dreaming of greener pastures .
the edge of the roof came up to meet him and he caught a glimpse of deckchairs , pot plants and a timber deck as he sailed past them into the pool .
was it true that plants had feelings ?
they were from a rare plant and though slightly bitter , the leaves were refreshingly juicy and a good source of energy .
larderman belonged to a select few who knew a great deal about plants with such properties and their survival uses .
the only other plants were tightly packed clumps of thorny bushes , some metres across and waist high .
it was only seconds before i realized connie had also watered the bench along with the adjacent potted plants .
panatella was aware of erasme 's map collection , which he pronounced in his thick louisiana accent , at a dinner in march , 1902 : fah nawah , da fahnst cash a geegrafcal aydes to navgahtory n explortory docamenshun a da knoiwan soiface a de plant since de lousane poichus waws ih - self poichus .
i pictured skate - boarding to the airport over an accessible trail , the wind at my back , and my rolling duffels - cum - backpacks trailing behind via a stustainably - produced tether , as i rounded corners planted with native plants , my solar - powered - and - body - heat - regulated reflectors on my packs blinking a warning to all in my path .
todd said it knocked things off his shelves and got into some of his dried foods and toppled a bunch of potted plants .
but the most interesting thing in my garden in my dads back yard , he was saying , are the plants hidden in the far corner .
i said , what kind of plants are those ?
moreover , we have a fucking singer who sounds like robert plant .
it is the coolness that we need , and the life it gives to plants .
the most beautiful of all plants .
are a couple plants going to make that better ?
played with the plants , sat down and drank a glass of malbec , played with the plants some more , drank some more wine , asked his neighbors how many tomatoes they wanted tomorrow , and went to bed .
played with the plants , sat down and drank a glass of malbec , played with the plants some more , drank some more wine , asked his neighbors how many tomatoes they wanted tomorrow , and went to bed .
what they did do after shooting him was to prop him in a sitting position on the ground of the garden , take a wooden stake that was one inch wide by one inch thick by four feet long from one of the tomato plants , with a point on the end that went into the soil , tilt the nazis head back , put the pointed end in his mouth , and drive the stake down his throat , through his stomach and intestinal track , out his asshole , and into the grass on which he sat .
like a hill of artichoke plants , moses replied , but they re agave .
it looked strange with rounded hills and these sticks poking into the sky from the agave plants scattered here and there .
we went on for a few miles admiring these plants until they gradually disappeared .
rosa is bent over watering a fake plant .
rosa leaves the water pitcher in the plant and tiptoes into the office .
numbers feels the leaves on the plant .
numbers this plant is fake , simon .
why would someone water a fake plant ?
they walked to the first floor flower showroom , a giant area in the ground floor of the building , filled with expensive cars , flowers and vases , and plants , where scafarel was talking and entertaining men and women , officials from the bahrain ministries of labor , justice , interior , information , agriculture , oil and gas , and transportation , and telecommunications , and a woman working at the public commission for the protection of the environment and wildlife , which included flowers .
he loves all of the strange plants and the rich , damp , planting beds covered with decomposing leaves that yield the fattest fishing worms he s ever seen .
the only way to the pay window is by the bus , which always takes them to the grove in the morning to pick , and to the plant saturday afternoon to get paid .
once , a service person saw me emerge from between a couple of six foot high hibiscus plants and was surprised momentarily , but quickly recovered his do nt look at the guests composure , driven by hotel policy .
amazon reviewer pot - bound the roots of a pot - bound plant wind themselves round and round the inside of the pot making an impenetrable wall .
i crawled past the potted plants and plastic ware and entered what appeared to be a warehouse .
the plants here can be eaten , but i always sleep more when i do that .
i saw a tractor but no rows for plants .
it was bright with wonderful plants all around .
some of the plants were blooming so they must have been forced into blooming .
most of the furnishing was uncomfortable angular and hard but i planned to soften it all by smuggling in fabrics and plants and cushions and rugs .
once , in a biology class we were supposed to find a particular plant and marissa just went to the nearest bar for a beer .
i remember i was standing nearby with a ziploc bag in my hands and she came out of the bar , sightly buzzed , and simply plucked up a random plant and took it to the class .
the teacher said , this is not the plant you were supposed to find , but it 's a good example of a plant which originates from far away and has spread with people , a good example of a really aggressive plant .
the teacher said , this is not the plant you were supposed to find , but it 's a good example of a plant which originates from far away and has spread with people , a good example of a really aggressive plant .
the teacher said , this is not the plant you were supposed to find , but it 's a good example of a plant which originates from far away and has spread with people , a good example of a really aggressive plant .
just half a minute later a gentle summer rain swept the tangled plants in the yard and started tapping the window panes .
travelling island to island she grabbed any job that passed her way including : babysitting , plant nursery assistant and volunteering at several health institutions .
constantine walked around the outside of the house , looking at the plants .
she waited a second , then said , did you know that yeast is not an animal or a plant ?
the garden also was old , meaning the plants were old and mature and enveloping , which gave a sense of privacy and enclosure .
on the other hand , they were able to grow some corn , though the fully - grown plants might be considered seriously anemic by anyone from iowa .
cookbooks and china and plants all went crashing , and fur went flying .
no one grows it ; it just grows on wild land that no one plants with another crop . ''
as we traveled along the pacific coast highway , certain plants intrigued me .
` ` honey , what do you think these fields of bluish green plants are ? ''
walking here in my nerved temper on the village footway , just came in front of me was a small dense lemon plant .
she was bending on her knees for looking inside the lemon plant from its bottom .
if any grown up like me had seen this lemon plant after a day , he would have rather kvetched for seeing merely two more .
she looked again at the lemons for once and then pointed her stick towards roots of the plant in the ground .
` ` whoever can forget that local fete when she came dressed in nothing but her birthday suit and a toilet roll hat while carrying a californian flannelbush , her favourite house plant .
when asked why , she replied that she loved the plant so much that she kept it with her at all times , forgiving its irritation to her skin and eyes .
you : the ford plant .
the packet read : century plant : these iron - hard seeds sprout at their own schedule , waiting centuries if need be for the right conditions , suddenly thriving and producing vivid orange blossoms like the fire that consumes the phoenix , and disappearing just as quickly .
he noticed the small potted plant that rested on the sill .
( note : farms are where you grow plants to eat and rear animals that shit discs three foot in diameter .
jack hands me a plant as i approach and a full smile in blessing .
she taught me everything i know about trees and plants .
our own bodies are hierarchal systems of single - celled organizations that operate independently , but in harmony with each other , just like the interrelated systems of fish , amphibians , reptiles , mammals , plants , fungii , insects , birds , etc .
they say dirt and plants house the most bacteria , and i have now cut myself in the mist of both .
i ' m ok , just got molested by a plant .
alice was soon being educated in the horticultural industry that had introduced many exotic plants to the area , much of which washed over her as she could n't tell a fuchsia from a freesia .
it was probably collapsed and buried under seven centuries of dirt and plant growth .
they were crossing heathland now , open country with short stubby plants and the occasional straggly tree .
he had a pair of secateurs , which he kept because he liked to take cuttings from interesting plants .
the ground was free from plants and untrodden , not compacted .
somehow i suspected that they gathered in one place , one elegant and graceful place with flowers and fruit trees and ivory - coloured buildings with real glass windows and a faade covered in flowering plants .
i could n't remember the name of such plants .
i left the window and returned to my desk , pulling open the bottom right drawer and selecting the heavy book : plants of earth .
i recognized the name although i had never seen the plant .
indeed , i had never seen any flowering plant other than the dandelions that grew through the cracks in the pavement .
one seemed like a world of jungles , with strange creatures that lived in the canopy , a world of water where solid ground was nonexistent and towering plants rose from a watery base .
i was standing in a field of plants that looked like lettuce .
that was unusual because she watered it diligently and it had survived years as a healthy and robust plant .
in fact , the plant was leaning more than usual , away from the skull .
another alien entered an area filled with large plants and sat on a bench , pulling out some foodstuff from a brown paper bag .
in any case , i could not stand the stench of the busy street so i went down a side street which had wonderful plants that arched across the road , providing shade .
there are many global locations where conditions do not favour plant growth .
we did try growing vegetables from seed , in various areas about townespecially the nearby parkbut they usually did n't germinate and those that did produced plants that were unrecognizable .
the answer was obvious : there were plants to eat and animals to hunt .
the water is shallower and there are shallow water plants that nessie can eat .
i was surprised to see her eating the plants on land , so the next morning i broke off a bunch of branches from the mulberry bushes that grew alongside the cabin and brought them to the loch .
she cleaned it up nicely , with lots of plants and curtains and nice carpets and books to line my bare shelves .
at the end of the tour , he listened to a short talk given on the delights and mysteries of the propagation of various tropical and sub - tropical plant species .
under the name rosemary on the hand appears the barely legible word plant .
plants grow from seeds .
tau muon ion was the plant and that suggested her mother , photon and/or her father , boson represent the seed that grew into this plant .
tau muon ion was the plant and that suggested her mother , photon and/or her father , boson represent the seed that grew into this plant .
also by jennifer erickson : what i dreamt last night down the throat of the mountain superkid and the mutant plants published by a. e. lucky at smashwords copyright 2014 a. e. lucky smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook .
fine , then i shall tell you of the exciting adventures that superkid had while battling giant , ferocious mutant plants that threatened to overrun poolington and turn every human being into slaves to serve their diabolical , evil , planty needs .
a. e. lucky is proud to present superkid and the mutant plants !
the answer to his question was a plant .
it seems there was a delivery mix - up today , for when she opened her package , expecting the newest addition to her collection of strange and interesting plants , what she pulled out instead were extra - large degradable capsules !
doctor red was n't too happy about getting an ugly plant instead of the degradable capsules he wanted .
he tossed the plant onto the table and then decided he was going to call the post office and complain .
he suddenly became aware of how dim it was down here in the basement and realized that plants need light to grow .
after setting it gently down , he looked down at the plant 's teeth ( trichomes ) and with a tempted grin slowly reached his finger into the plant 's mouth and tickled it .
after setting it gently down , he looked down at the plant 's teeth ( trichomes ) and with a tempted grin slowly reached his finger into the plant 's mouth and tickled it .
little did he realize chapter 2 : the care and feeding of your carnivorous flora it was an unlikely and somewhat disconcerting relationship between the mad doctor and his carnivorous plant .
he flashed a smile at his precious plant sitting on the shaded portion of the windowsill and cooed to it , ` ` now you can watch daddy while he works ! ''
the venus flytrap seemed to smile back at him -- seem to , you understand , because everyone knows plants ca n't actually smile .
some of us know that all this is nothing more than a setup for a tragedy -- made all the more gripping by the knowledge that this was dr . red 's first true love for someone other than himself even if it was a plant .
everyone knows plants ca n't actually join in a mad scientist 's mirth .
the plant bobbed its head as though it was agreeing -- but again , it was just the breeze .
the sunbeam heated the marigold mixture to a violent boil , causing the chemical to expand to the rim of the beaker and then spray all over the place : onto the table , onto the wood floor where the little spots the mixture touched swelled into horrendous boils like those on a teenager 's face ( nothing personal ) , and , most importantly , onto dr . red 's precious plant , vena yes , i know it 's a little strange to give your plants names , but he is a mad scientist , after all .
the sunbeam heated the marigold mixture to a violent boil , causing the chemical to expand to the rim of the beaker and then spray all over the place : onto the table , onto the wood floor where the little spots the mixture touched swelled into horrendous boils like those on a teenager 's face ( nothing personal ) , and , most importantly , onto dr . red 's precious plant , vena yes , i know it 's a little strange to give your plants names , but he is a mad scientist , after all .
and did i really refer to a non - sentient plant as a ` ` she '' ?
on the other end of the plant , the pot it had grown in cracked and then utterly shattered as dirt poured out and thick snaky roots plopped onto the table and then slithered over it .
an enormous lump shaped a little like the profile of someone quite ugly erupted from it , which caused the plant to give another shriek and begin to grow faster .
the plant just stared at him .
snatching up his weapon , red took off running , dodging giant plant arms , bobbing left then right then under .
everyone knows that the best way to grow your plants is the red thumb way !
red thumb plant growth formula grows your plants better than the leading brand !
red thumb plant growth formula grows your plants better than the leading brand !
your plants will grow bigger , stronger , and healthier too !
just pour the red thumb plant growth formula around the base of your plant and in seconds you will see the results !
just pour the red thumb plant growth formula around the base of your plant and in seconds you will see the results !
red thumb plant growth formula has been known to cause abnormal side effects in plants .
red thumb plant growth formula has been known to cause abnormal side effects in plants .
if your plants grow out of control or tries to eat you , get help immediately .
chapter 3 : rise of the mutant plants the plant was quite busy over the next couple of hours though you could n't tell that just by looking at it .
check out that wicked - looking plant !
man in business suit : i was driving home from work and i just spotted it in my rearview mirror , so i turned back to look and there was this this giant ( holds up hands to indicate size ) plant !
if the local mad scientist accidentally spills a chemical or releases mutational radiation or blows up a mutated plant that has the ability to take control of other plants and his accident infects your lawn , having it trimmed would give you more time to discover your grass 's active mutation and allow you to react in a timely manner .
if the local mad scientist accidentally spills a chemical or releases mutational radiation or blows up a mutated plant that has the ability to take control of other plants and his accident infects your lawn , having it trimmed would give you more time to discover your grass 's active mutation and allow you to react in a timely manner .
the whole yard had turned into some sort of plant tongue garden !
the diabolical plant leaned close and when the spider rolled close enough , it fired its needle !
a civilization that was coming under attack by a bunch of vicious , evil , mutant plants and then it happened !
so then the plants turned to something else -- morphing again .
these evil plants could n't be stopped for long .
everywhere , plants were coming to life and attacking people , who ran screaming in panic , trying to find a safe place to hide from the demonic vegetation .
mutant plants ?
something more urgent than mutant plants attacking ?
mrs . purn was using her son to weed her garden while mutant plants were on a rampage !
we 'll just stay long enough to watch the mutant root pop out some spines , plug them into the bulbs and begin pumping poison to change the domestic tulips up above into man - eating plants of doom .
if aaron did n't know better , he would have thought it was a hungry , mutant plant with a drooling tongue hanging out for a taste of him -- which , of course , was exactly the case , and , coincidentally , aaron was n't really in a condition to know better .
he writhed and squirmed in the coils of the mutant plant 's tongue .
closer and closer the plant pulled him to its cup - like mouth .
once a humble gardening tool that kept the pests of the plant kingdom in line , it was now a mighty weapon that cleaved through the demonic armies of the underground .
aaron had managed to keep a hold of that little garden shovel when he had been swallowed and now he was using it to cut himself out of the mutant plant 's throat !
once the mighty weapon had pushed itself out far enough , it slowly began hacking in a slow circle around the plant 's throat .
the evil plant 's desperate groping became even more desperate and now it was writhing in agony .
the plant gave one last jerk , throwing itself to the ground with a surprisingly soft thud .
` ` first i get all these calls about monster plants attacking and now you come in and tell me you were eaten by a giant flower ? ! ''
it was right now just a dry patch of dirt -- no plants of either the mutant or the ordinary kind .
derrick remembered back in third grade when he had done an experiment for the science fair , which was ` ` do plants like music ? ''
these plants were dancing to it like little kids !
if i had used these plants in my project , he thought .
mutant plants were everywhere !
so derrick ran -- not only to find superkid as quickly as possible but also because he had a horde of mutated plants chasing after him .
the plants lunged for him and slammed into him and crashed through the door .
he turned and saw the tangled mutant plant heap rolling its way toward him .
but he had to decide now -- the plants were thumping closer , so eeny meeny miney -- there !
he faced the other direction but that was when the plant tangle rolled in , hitting the wall in their haste .
the plants were nearly on top of him .
there was a muffled screech outside the door that must have been the plants in pain or a brat throwing a temper tantrum .
` ` but there 's mutant plants everywhere ! ''
we were shocked though when we came home and was attacked by all these plants .
` ` weed killer should take care of these mutant plants . ''
the only problem was everywhere they went , plants were leering at them and the tree managed to catch up to them by taking shortcuts .
it was like a graveyard for rusty machine parts where the ground was steeped with bright orange rust -- much too toxic to support plant life and thus the perfect retreat for our three young heroes .
first of all , we need to figure out where all these mutant plants came from . ''
what would cause plants to mutate into malevolent agents of destruction ? ''
but i think we know by now that plant life everywhere was coming to life , meaning this was n't so strange .
also strange was that there was plant life at all in the hazardous wasteland of the junkyard .
there were a lot of evil , mutant plants waiting for them just outside the junkyard fence .
fortunately , none of the plants made a move to cross the gate into the deadly rustlands .
but while they could n't cross to capture the three humans , neither could the three humans cross to escape the plants .
but superkid , who noticed the plants ' reluctance to touch the rust - imbued ground , was suddenly struck by an idea .
we can use them to beat away these mutant plants . ''
` ` the rust is toxic to plants -- and people for that matter , '' our hero replied , tapping the pipe in his hand to test its weight .
at the sight of the horrific orange chemical though , the mutant plants retreated before the three of them could touch them .
satisfied that they had showed these mutant plants who was boss , they started toward darrin 's house to retrieve superkid 's costume so that he could be properly attired for the grand battle between humans and plants .
satisfied that they had showed these mutant plants who was boss , they started toward darrin 's house to retrieve superkid 's costume so that he could be properly attired for the grand battle between humans and plants .
back at the junkyard , the mutant plants knew the destructive power that rust had on them .
plenty of sensitive plant organs were smashed and valuable appendages chopped , but eventually sheer numbers overpowered them , they lost their rusty weapons , and they were forced to flee for their lives .
this was getting increasingly difficult to find as more and more plants were turning evil and more and more of them were turning to these three pesky boys who were outright defying their tyranny by not huddling in feeble safe rooms that they would eventually crush .
the three heroes tried to run , but they were soon surrounded by evil plants .
the most obvious one was to fight their way out , but first let 's see what they 're up against : a thin , towering tomato plant with two bulbous tomato fists punching together and rocking on two tomato feet -- a car - sized tumbleweed with its brambles acting as its legs , looking like a bony spider -- a man - shaped cacti plant made up of connecting biscuit - shaped segments with long needles protruding from its body , including three on either hand that made it look like wolverine claws -- snake - sized celery stalks with white feelers protruding from their heads -- a corn stalk with a cob for a head -- and a dark green mass of moss -- oooh , the odds did not look good for our heroes .
the most obvious one was to fight their way out , but first let 's see what they 're up against : a thin , towering tomato plant with two bulbous tomato fists punching together and rocking on two tomato feet -- a car - sized tumbleweed with its brambles acting as its legs , looking like a bony spider -- a man - shaped cacti plant made up of connecting biscuit - shaped segments with long needles protruding from its body , including three on either hand that made it look like wolverine claws -- snake - sized celery stalks with white feelers protruding from their heads -- a corn stalk with a cob for a head -- and a dark green mass of moss -- oooh , the odds did not look good for our heroes .
but as they were preparing to launch off -- superkid had his hose to his mouth -- one of the mutant plants -- a daffodil -- stepped forward .
as if to answer , the plant shrieked again .
a moment later , an enormous plant bounded into the circle .
so our heroes were about to go toe to toe with a vicious weed based off of a feline / plant pun .
` ` problem is '' derrick glanced around the circle that the mutant plants had formed , ` ` where are the safe spots ? ''
the vine that leashed the monstrous dandelion whipped off of its neck and , with an excited cheer from the spectating plants , the beast belted out a roar and charged forward .
as he had hoped , the dandelion lurched to the left , landing just in front of the mutant plant crowd , which scrambled backwards safely out of the way .
but while it was thrilling for superkid and terrifying for derrick , it was devastating for the mutant plants unfortunate enough to be in the way .
these plant monsters all yelled his name when they died . ''
the plant monster was quite stunned at how easily it had been taken down .
it 's like these plants are being controlled or something ! ''
we 're all being attacked by mutated plants . ''
they all turned around to find a group of giant plants with spiky leaves and fluffy purple heads charging toward them , whipping green ropes above their heads .
chapter 9 : the hunt for red doctor it seemed that there was nowhere to run , for every time the spider turned a corner , there was a horde of evil , mutant plants waiting for it .
not usually do you have a threatening plant horde behind you to drive home its implication .
what are we going to do to stop all these plants of evil ? ''
my hobby is collecting plants that are rare or unusual . ''
` ` you collect rare and weird plants ? ''
darrin said , ` ` did any of your plants like , were any of them weird ?
` ` well , uh , i do n't recall '' ` ` are you suggesting , '' said black belt in her usual cold voice , ` ` that dr . rowenna is responsible for the plants ' uprising ? ''
also worthy to note was a significant lack of plants just as superkid had said .
black belt checked suspicious cracks in the ground in case some monstrous mutant plant could survive here .
we want you to get rid of your evil plants . ''
` ` not until you get rid of all your plants ! ''
` ` my plants ? !
` ` re - e - e - e - e - e - ed , '' darrin imitated the rough , high - pitched wail of the plants .
` ` with all of that , an army of mutant plants is right up your alley . ''
to tell your plant army to retreat and to go back to where they came from .
dr . red sputtered in amazement , ` ` you think i ' m controlling those plants ?
as he paced , he ranted , ` ` wherever i went , plants came to life and i had to flee ; i ran to the grocery store and the produce came to life ; i ran to the lumber mill and the logs came to life ; i ran to a steel warehouse and the little potted trees they used to brighten the place with came to life !
` ` and i do n't know where all the plants came from , so go away and leave me alone ! ''
` ` and ever since then , i ' ve been in hiding , always wondering if she 'll find me , always fearing she 'll get me '' darrin -- the only one awake after that -- said , ` ` so wait , all these mutant plants are coming from your vena ?
a plant you did n't order ? ''
` ` when my formula mutated her , it must have also given her the ability to pass on this mutation to other plants . ''
` ` she 'll just keep mutating plants until she finds you until there 's nowhere left to run '' doctor red fell into silent pondering .
he 'd sooner let the world succumb to the plant 's evil influence than sacrifice himself !
of course , he knew that ` ` optimal immobilization '' meant he only had a few seconds , so immediately after he was done , he dashed forward , skirted nervously around the plant warrior , and sprinted towards the copse of scraggly trees on the pond 's left side where he had hidden his skeleton - like vehicle .
he ignored the squeals of the other plants monsters joining the pursuit and the thuds of the foolish fiends that thought they could intimidate him into braking for them .
it was no longer an option to bash the wicked vegetation as they had been doing previously , which had entangled the plants in the vehicle 's radiator , quickly making it look like an overly dressed float in the christmas parade .
with the mutant plants becoming larger and larger , they were forced to make detours to avoid collisions .
remember everyone who had all been under attack by their plants coming to life ?
well , this is what happened to them when the plants got them : they were put in tumbleweed cages , which were suspended above the streets by thick , woody vines that supported themselves over the rooftops of the buildings .
the streets were almost entirely covered in plant material .
you do n't suppose those oddly developed plants have captured them , do you ? ''
as for doctor red , vena 's target , he was running as fast as he could through the vine - riddled streets , firing at any plant that attempted to pursue him .
he realized that this was where vena wanted him to go , but panic was preventing him from countering this , for mutant plants emerged from alternate routes , driving him down the path leading to their master .
the evil dr . red leaped over large loops of giant roots like he was in a demented environmentalist 's version of the hurdles , stumbling more than once , only to get right back up again and keep running -- -- black belt snapped her whip at mutants that got too close as she dragged doctor rowenna along -- -- superkid performed amazing midair kicks to clear their path as he and his friends continued their sprint -- -- doctor red fought desperately for breath as he tried to maintain focus on the light at the end of the plant - constructed tunnel -- -- derrick began to stumble , feeling weak , out of breath -- -- black belt whipped dr . doublin into her arms and sprinted for all she was worth -- -- the leaves seemed to be closing in on red as he ran faster for the light -- -- the howling of the plant beasts was building , but black belt was quickly catching up to the three kids -- -- derrick suddenly tripped and stumbled forward , wheeling his arms in frantic circles -- -- dr . red , so close to the light of freedom , shot himself faster -- -- black belt caught up and tried to pass around the kids -- -- derrick caught the hem of her blouse as he fell -- -- superkid tripped over derrick 's flying leg -- -- darrin veered away to avoid the accident but tripped over his untied shoelace -- -- the mad scientist leaped through the shrinking hole -- -- and they all crashed into each other and fell in a jumbled heap .
black belt sprang forward , using the thick roots and the eaves of the ruined abandoned post office to catapult herself up the body of the mutant plant .
` ` so wait , so the reason all the plants came to life -- the reason we were being chased all over the place -- the reason we were attacked by ugly trees , dandelions , and that telephone pole was because this thing wanted to be doctor red 's friend because it missed him ? ''
all he has to do is tell this thing to put all the plants back to normal and bingo !
he set in motion the scheme to overrun the world with an army of mutant plants .
from above it appeared that nature had just gone nuclear and dropped a vegetable bomb that blew outward in clouds of green and upward in the shape of a mushroom -- in keeping with the plant theme wait , mushrooms are fungi not plants !
from above it appeared that nature had just gone nuclear and dropped a vegetable bomb that blew outward in clouds of green and upward in the shape of a mushroom -- in keeping with the plant theme wait , mushrooms are fungi not plants !
the nearest town , sothton , was soon being overrun by the mutant menace that was spreading like weeds -- having been mutated by the plant - themed nuclear radiation you know , just trying to make this work .
` ` plants do n't have stomachs ? ''
and so it seemed that they had discovered a way to escape the monstrous plant 's belly .
eventually , he realized they were the roots of the monster plant above !
` ` to kill this plant monster , father !
neither had superkid , but apparently he could do it , especially with the help of a titanic mutant plant .
black belt stood at the base of the enormous carnivorous plant .
` ` what 's happening to your plant ? ''
` ` the roots sustain every plant and are what keeps weeds returning again and again . ''
she had plugged all of her roots into every available plant , mutated and normal alike , and was sucking all of their vitality dry -- which meant if superkid and his friends somehow managed to destroy vena and survive , they would n't have to worry about cleaning up .
that would n't sustain her for long , which was why she had more roots seeking out other plants to suck vitality from .
since vena 's last desperate ploy to stay alive , every single plant in poolington was dead : weeds and flowers , trees and shrubs , fruits and vegetables .
` ` we could put some potted plants in the dungeon , '' said merlin .
there were plenty of plants and flowers , but no sign of her mother .
the headlights came on , splashing the front of the trailer , illuminating the plant pots that sat in regimented lines along the paving slabs in front of the door .
the key had grown encased in plant roots and she had to tear it free .
a green picket fence penned in a small but picturesque garden bursting with plants and budding flowers .
perhaps it was partly due to the weird plants the origamis would ingest every once in a while perhaps it was nt ; but they were known far and wide for their sense of humor and their talented comics .
two villagers were sent out to gather some more plants for a quick new batch of arg , accommodations were arranged for lodging the gaspachos .
all in all , it was a welcome break from the mosquitoes , the venomous creatures and plants , the thorns , the vines and the general hassles of everyday life in the jungle .
once behind his venetian blinds , captain wright carefully watered the geranium plant on his window sill , before crossing smith and geranium off his list of things to do .
not so much as a plant .
but there was a nursery just out of town with a good selection of plants that would be a lot more practical than cut flowers anyway .
she grabbed several leaves used to make the wrapper , made from the larger , lower leaves of the plant , which kept the whole cigar together .
` ` good , these are nt items of animal or plant origin , you re ok , ready for shipment , along with your exercise shipment .
how many plants do you have in your home ?
there are at least 25 species of plant belonging to the coffea family , but only a handful make up the bulk of commercially produced coffee .
stenophylla took 9 years to mature into a high - yielding plant , while arabica trees grew to maturity in 7 years or less .
the exportation of a single coffee plant from france lead to the dominance of south american coffee growers in the world today .
` ` holly , you do n't have a green thumb ; you ca n't even grow house plants . ''
for a week i kept a plant sprayer full of water beside the bed and used it on george every time he scratched .
` ` i brought you a jade plant , '' she said , pushing her long blonde hair back over her shoulder .
` ` nobody can kill a jade plant . ''
` ` the plants and pots and soil cost me over twenty dollars ; i ' m not letting the deer eat them . ''
i spent a half hour filling pots with black soil and crooning over the plants to make up for my ineptness .
it would be me planting the garden because plants shrivel up and die the minute you look at them . ''
i went off to the veranda to dispose of the cherry tomato plants .
even the jade plant sue had given me was slowly withering .
i threw the dead tomato plant skeletons in the compost box and said to ben , ` ` you and george are doing such a good job of training nicky that i 'll leave you to it .
` ` i still think we should fill the pool and plant spring flowers , '' i said .
` ` we 're just lucky he did n't decide to water any of the potted plants in the bedroom . ''
` ` i ca n't water the plants , in case the babies get wet , but they 'll be grown up and gone soon . ''
as she turned toward the door , sue saw the jade plant she 'd given me .
would you mind if i take this poor little plant home and nurse it back to health ? ''
there were dozens of potted plants , a cappuccino machine , souvenirs from the 1957 world series , three tins of erinmore pipe tobacco , a complete set of tiny mother goose figurines from the red rose tea collection , and a huge , signed portrait of carl barks .
it 's a new plant . ''
she likes plants that sting and bite . ''
it was a blend of the smell of the outdoor patios of chic restaurants and of city parks in late spring , exhaling the scent of soaking plants after a passing shower , which were locked at dusk to bar entry for people who were tempted to seek out a more satisfying environment for their miserable ways .
i was nt exactly dressed for running in a robert plant tee shirt that barely covered my tush , and my favorite floppy pink slippers with more holes than substance .
and i 'd begin to look more closely at the plant life .
almost every time i 'd spot some new entity , a plant i ' ve never encountered anywhere else , an insect having no pictorial representative i 'd ever seen before .
there was a steady , growing feeling of damp chill as i moved forwards to the shelter , back behind it , where the plants out what was left of the late afternoon sun .
for a length of time , i carried weird fears of something macabre and unwholesome sprouting from my name , as if tweety plants were growing from it , the type that sweepingly and swiftly takes over your indoor garden and covers the other green foliage over , choking it .
you weed anyway , with meticulous care deftly flowing through your hands , and you go in with shears and spades and poisons , talking to the treacherously innocent plant , chopping up the roots , crying out your hardening lungs , because if you let it go for one moment it dominates and destroys you .
like a plant .
with naughahyde plants drooping over the booths .
it is believed that jerboa developed his extraordinary powers through his baptism in the river juru ( a river 1900 km ( 1200 miles ) in length which rises in east central peru and flows north east across nw brazil to join the amazon ) in the rainforest , wherein his parents , keen botanists searching for the rare and wonderful juru flower , ( a large fern - like plant with vivid maroon and orange flowers ) , were killed and eaten by marauding jaguars .
these experiments , in spite of the warnings of several prominent plant and eco - biologists that no good could possibly result from any process of cross - breeding that bore such a strong resemblance to the creation of frankenstein 's monster , culminated in the short - lived but spectacularly successful jersey piper , recognisable by the streaks of maroon in the bushy lushness of its foliage , and the exceptionally large head , earning the tuber the sobriquet spud head ( latin : potatalis frankensteinis ) .
she spends much of her time at the commune spinning yarns , advising people on the distillation process for producing essential oils from plants and herbs and manufacturing necklets , small wooden cats , icons , carvings and candles for sale at art and craft fairs .
meagre , scanty , barren , unsatisfying to the mind jequirity n. indian twining shrub used in medicine and for ornament japonica n. kind of japanese plant , esp .
see , i run a florist shop and plants need constant attention , or they die .
marla believed the shop could burn down around her and she would carry on spraying the spider plants .
the plants were grotesquely overgrown .
a load of plants , that s all .
there was a large writing bureau here , with a dead spider plant on top .
the port director was ok , but his gossiping gaggle of an office staff leaked secrets quicker than water through the certified 100 % effective soaker hose he used at home on his tomato plants .
discover other titles by phillip donnelly at smashwords.com fiction letters from the ministry the conscript , the girl and the virus the screen boots kev the vampire travel writing lebanon between east and west vietnam notes on nam china me and the dragon india what all the other books leave out table of contents chapter 1 : the fall of the park of plants chapter 2 : seine demons chapter 3 : origins and originality chapter 4 : the symbol chapter 5 : bum wars chapter 6 : the dream of the dark lords chapter 7 : the screen teens chapter 8 : the sandwich of doom chapter 9 : the prison ward chapter 10 : the illogical woman chapter 11 : the dying of the light chapter 12 : escape from asylum chapter 13 : salvation epilogue chapter 1 the fall of the park of plants inaction man is a man of his time .
discover other titles by phillip donnelly at smashwords.com fiction letters from the ministry the conscript , the girl and the virus the screen boots kev the vampire travel writing lebanon between east and west vietnam notes on nam china me and the dragon india what all the other books leave out table of contents chapter 1 : the fall of the park of plants chapter 2 : seine demons chapter 3 : origins and originality chapter 4 : the symbol chapter 5 : bum wars chapter 6 : the dream of the dark lords chapter 7 : the screen teens chapter 8 : the sandwich of doom chapter 9 : the prison ward chapter 10 : the illogical woman chapter 11 : the dying of the light chapter 12 : escape from asylum chapter 13 : salvation epilogue chapter 1 the fall of the park of plants inaction man is a man of his time .
as he lay on the grass with a broken bottle of vodka at this feet , covering himself in rotting plant life , he heard the cries of pain from the leaves he touched .
farewell , my park of plants .
on this day alone , he had met two shape changers in jardins des plants and battled a changeling by notre dame .
we had to follow this cement path that wound us around clusters of various plants .
i made like i was reading all the signs with the scientific names of the plants .
the process began with single cells without nuclei , then a billion years later single cells with nuclei , then a billion years later simple multi - celled creatures , then plants , then fish , then insects , then reptiles , then birds , then mammals , and then , finally , man with a brain .
in the middle , velicia lightning bug , wearing a flowery floor - length cotton dress , was surrounded by plants draping down from her ceiling .
the first drops embedded themselves into the ground , with each subsequent drop being fuel for those seeds , which rapidly grew into formidably - sized carnivorous plants , and ate him .
he had seen one of them fall from a tree and bounce upwards and into a hoop - shaped plant that sat nearby .
they re plants .
not plants , but not animals .
he had never known pizza or doughnuts to be plants until now .
maybe every food he loved was to be found in plant form .
another suicide attempt was unnecessary , even if it was an unintentional one , so fortunately , over the course of the last few hundreds of years , refuse from the outer world , such as rocks , plants , and a whole myriad of objects consisting of solid matter , had fallen through the surface and filled it in so that it had become habitable .
on top of this , the dressing which topped each plant and dripped down its side only made the passing more difficult .
though i do yearn for the flowers of the macaroni and cheese plants over there so that i might satiate my appetite , i am unable to leave this post , for fear keeps me here .
after taking a bit of extra precaution not to step on the neonatal salad plants waiting in the foyer , they gazed up when they saw that arthur had trod upon concrete , and bari floated above the very same substance , and it seemed that they had no entered a labyrinth , but a vast warehouse , bereft of anything that might take up any amount of space and thusly make it seem even a little bit smaller .
most of them were extremely picky in their eating habits , and did nt even consider eating anything else when the plants that they preferred died out .
the first was a plant that was known as a hijartial , who survived without feeding , and in fact died when they ate .
oddly enough , there was only one thing that the sharks upon the moon really did not like eating , and that was the hijartrial plant .
the meadow , as far as they could see , was bereft of all but flora , but what odd plant life this was .
in due time , they were merely strolling through a rustic scene , and the positive thoughts even paid off in the form of a plentitude of pizza plants perpetually blooming .
as they clambered up the cliff , a cavalcade of coniferous plants fell from above and with them a multitude of rocks , obscuring what little path existed .
no , plants were the first life to be given complete control of the planet , but growing numerous beyond comparison they required further life to maintain the levels of carbon dioxide in the air , and so mobile life was created .
only the birds could handle such a challenge and the final battle of mobile life reigned until everything wiped itself out , leaving only the plants once more .
so why do nt the aliens wait until there s only plants left ?
the owner of the property stood frozen in the front garden , inspecting a plant .
cross breeding of plants became such a skill by those that discovered it they could grow an entire housing estate from one seed .
unruly youths had to be trimmed occasionally to keep the plant flourishing .
shimmering rocks supported strategically placed vines , and plants held flowers that inspired romance .
but i meant roses the plant , quentin said .
its clean , good sense of community , fascinating plants ; i like it .
in the front garden , weeds had overtaken the plants , and then bigger weeds had overtaken the weeds .
paddington ambled around and found plants just outside the open back door .
paddington spotted lisas reflection in the glass door and quickly looked from the overalls to the sprightly plants .
lisa took a torch from beside the door and swung the beam around as paddington pretended he knew what the plants were .
they let you remove plants from the city garden ?
why plants ?
i like plants , lisa said .
where was the whatever had disappeared among the plants ?
i had no idea that , since their livers are so poor at detoxification , they get ill from eating plant matter or anything even slightly toxic .
a month ago he would nt have asked , but his time with lisa had given him a rudimentary interest in plants .
or an interest in her that he could express via plants .
first the prophecy on the tree ; then the andrastes who did nt eat their vegetables ; now plants again paddington felt another piece of the puzzle slip into place .
she wanted to go home , see what was happening in the nursery without her , what plants needed tending .
he missed the scents of the plants and the ocean .
paddington said that plants were key here we are !
a moment later he returned with a thick - stemmed plant that had a cluster of heart - shaped flowers .
mitchell crushed the plant into a ball and tossed it onto the floor .
thomas flung clarkson away , bumped the duke aside , and pawed at the plant with his long claws .
what was that plant you left us ?
* * * three weeks later , outside a different house , a hundred plants slowly died .
each pot had a small tag indicating species and genus , and each plant was missing a leaf , or a limb , or its roots .
right beside the back door , however , were half a dozen lush and green plants .
lisa sat at the table , crossing out the next plant on her list .
three weeks of fourteen - hour days of testing different plant extracts on every zombie who would volunteer his living corpse to science had nt yielded even the start of a cure .
i was on the verge of smooving her when that pint suddenly grew like a new branch out of the rubber plant on her side of the table .
i crouched down and tried to peek under a plant , but while bending , my rucksack became tangled in the bushes .
for a moment the plant had me trapped .
celestine led me to a spot in the back where she had laid some tools next to clumps of plants with their roots showing .
coffee is nt too strong for plants ?
from them emerge strange plants that grow rapidly to giant proportions .
people congregate under the enormous plants , which they begin to think of as sacred .
celestine asked me as she pointed to some tall plants .
my friend told me that by the end of the program , you come to realize that the bare room becomes everything and nothing , a sacred space yeah , but could nt it be sacred with some potted plants and a couple of lounge chairs ?
marias vaginal tattoo is a carnivorous plant .
its a meat - eating plant .
john had found a book on local plants and taken it outside .
he was comparing the plants in the book with the ones scattered all around .
he had just matched up a bougainvillea from the book with the thick , brilliant green and red plant that grew along the side of the house at the end of the porch .
ricky , said wanda , he thought you were growing a couple plants , not a couple acres .
he promised to watch our place while were gone , water the plants and everything .
he s all pissed off because you pulled up his plants .
however , things never run smoothly for me of course seeing as the fag then proceeded to set fire to its dry moss covered container with the flowering plants in .
then he strolls toward the exit , rips off the sticker from his charcoal grey tee shirt and scrunches it up before disposing of it in the metal wastepaper bin next to the large fake pot plant .
to make up for the lack of booze , i hastily nick a bunch of pink tulips that were in a chrome bucket outside the entrance amongst the other flowers and plants .
i shake my head to tell him that that is not it as he nearly rips the whole plant up when he yanks at it hard .
and then marigolds before heading for the black eyed susans ( rudbeckia hirta and i only know this because i d looked it up once for a client in work who d wanted to know what the proper name was for this particular flowering plant ) .
he races over and instead of concentrating on what he should be ; the little man is , distracted by a bumblebee that flies past his shoulder and lands on a nearby plant .
i hastily park up a little too enthusiastically and end up knocking over a potted plant on a metal stand .
the plant will hopefully , survive its foray into the bushes behind it as i shove it back inside the soil with gusto .
i want to be cremated and my ashes mixed in with some aquatic soil and put in a lovely pond with plants and frogs all around me .
there were potted plants , comfy leather chairs and the sweetest summer breeze flowing in and out of trees for a constant pleasing rustle .
what s that word for a plant that explodes outward , sends its seeds outdehiscence .
i just thought that i liked plants , you know .
his daddy loved plants and insisted on trying to keep a farm going here , even when other guys of his generation jumped on the opening of the fish processing plant on seagrape cay and made some money .
everything was covered with the same ugly tile , no artwork , plants , or people .
when children are raised , knowing in their hearts that they re part of god , they treat everyone and everything with love and respect , people , plants , animals and the planet itself .
my hand was sore because i had put it into a cactus plant at the florist shop .
then i put my palm flat into a wooden bowl full of cactus plants and i closed my fist , driving the spines beneath the skin .
this was applied to the body with a kind of ink , extracted from one of the countless varieties of plants that happened to contain a dark sap .
lately , they had taken to wearing robes of spun gauze from the pod fibers of a snow - white plant .
this girl who made her living tending plants was filled with ideas !
in the late evening clover paced around the yard , morosely observing the weeds and neglected plants in his dead wifes gardens .
clover remembered mocking the list of silly names of each plant as she had pointed to them proudly and tried to explain why she had chosen each one for each spot in her yard .
i will water the plants , go out to lunch with my neglected girlfriends , get into a good book , actually read the newspaper instead of relying on cnn highlights .
weed , spray some plants with rosemary water to discourage the white flies , weed some more , water the herb garden .
he lay in a shallow pool of darkest water , ripples breaking the vague plant shadows , cutting the fragile world into lesser and greater rings .
jerian 's fatigue washed the colour from his skin - but it was warm , the air moist , insects stirring in its embrace as the day nipped back the overlapping shades of plant fronds , green and brown here and there splashed with raw colour , red and blue , violet and orange blossoms , fruits , dangling petals like dogs ' exhausted tongues , the marsh an environment distinct within borders of fern and alder .
and there was no noise , nothing , no true shade of plant or flower .
it was a perversion of everything that was spring , a canker , a foulness crawling through animal and plant .
but still he walked unopposed through the verdant scenery , the great mass of plants unaffected , the route of his wanderings etched like a maze in the vestments of summer .
on the wide windowsill were three or four new plants to give the apartment a touch of green .
she had planted them from dried sticks she got from a mail - order gardening center , and after a slow start two years ago they had bloomed into healthy plants that were about waist high and had been flowering constantly throughout the summer .
with the tape measure and green garden sticks that were usually used for peas but which they employed as site markers , lowell and bill measured the forty - two - foot length from the corner of the driveway to a clump of three birch trees on the corner of the narrow lot and marked the places to dig holes every three feet for the fifteen plants they had bought .
bill added a mixture of bonemeal and compost to each hole , after which fiona would place the plant into its new home .
judging from the size of our plants , about three years , i d guess , lowell said .
stillbird was in her garden when the baby began to push out of her , thinning the plants , weeding out the wild things , caressing the earth the way she did as she squatted in the garden .
in march she would be planting onions and kale , peas and lettuce , and they would be eating fresh greens even before she put in the tomato plants , nurtured along in a window in the sun , before being arranged in their part of her overall design , usually next to or alternating with marigolds , which she planted to keep certain bugs away , and because she loved the smell of them .
she ate the watercress and the mint , but the earth itself , laced with the roots of these plants , smelled so good she wanted to eat the very mud , and sometimes she would taste it and swallow just a little , making her feel warm and satisfied even when other foods were scarce .
as mary got older and sturdier , charles spent more and more time with her , taking her with him when he wandered through the woods and teaching her the names and uses of plants and trees .
mary thought that was a very inventive way to support the tomato plants .
by the time it was warm enough to set out the tomato plants , the rest of the garden was growing in a noticeable pattern of concentric circles , and her father , who had been watching her planting as if he was watching some intricate dance step , asked her why she had planted the garden that way .
mary was good with little roger , though , taking him with her into the garden and teaching him the plants , teaching him some songs she knew .
once when roger pulled up some tiny tomato plants , mary had to teach him to pinch the little leaves and smell his fingers , so he could tell which were the weeds that smelled generically of the earth and which were the fruits and flowers they desired to cultivate and smelled sweet and desirable .
and a ghostly plant , silver - gray , out of whose thick stalk grew three symmetrical pairs of hairy scrolls .
no tree , plant or flower would ever grow or decay , no man - made structure would ever be put to use or be demolished , nor would the slice of a moon ever wax into a whole orange or wane into nothingness .
maybe when it got warm shed plant a garden , grow some flowers .
or just plain hand picking insects off the plants at times .
the orange balls of the pumpkin stood up out of the other plants flattened by the frost .
stuff to make plants grow quickand the land get hard .
the lack of plants .
the plants , touching her , tell her to stop and she does so just as the noise of the car builds until it flashes past , all metal and light .
she brought her favorite plants down into the basement where they might take a freeze .
ellen and lloyd remembered how she would snip ( steal , whatever ) gardenias from plants in botanic gardens and pocket them .
the lady at the information desk couldn = t have been nicer as she directed them to the gardenia plants .
she showed him each sapling , each bit of fencing , each load of manure piled here and there and the buckets she used to haul the water to pour around each corn , tomato and squash plant .
he figured since robert knew the latin names of all the plants in the region he therefore must know everything there was to know about the plants , including the strange rose bush .
he figured since robert knew the latin names of all the plants in the region he therefore must know everything there was to know about the plants , including the strange rose bush .
the old woman gave sarah a bitter brew made from a plant with small lacey white flowers and told her to return on the third day if the bleeding had not stopped .
she would wander and day dream and eat wild plants and berries and roots , sometimes a fish she contrived to catch and cook over an open fire .
but the boss was busted when local police tipped off the feds that the green - house in back of the barn was full of marijuana plants .
its like plant food .
so do plants , but not in that way .
she knew that pokeweed , milkweed , toothwort , early spring ferns , and dozens of other wild plants were edible .
beautiful plants , some the size of small trees , were in every room .
ridlons house had two large third - story dormers and a first - story wing that was supposed to be for plants and the like but which looked quite barren through the large windows .
there were a lot of plants , and two cats , tubby and sly , were more often than not sleeping on the couch or one of the chairs .
todays lab was going to be a field trip to the woods , marshes and fields behind the school to look for plants , animals and birds as well as evidence of ecological interdependence .
another large plant also was a mystery .
but this plant here , mr . adamson , charlie said , pointing , is a mystery to us .
mr . adamson examined the tall plant and seemed to know what it was , but before he said anything he asked to see charlenes drawing and notes .
its one of the plants that shows a wetland is of long duration , not just seasonal .
buttonbush is a plant that proves this is a permanent wetland .
noah loved learning the names of the exotic plants , names like bird of paradise , blue daze with a z , and star jasmine or night blooming jasmine .
it was not his nature to be long angry or sorrowful and he reveled in the beauty of the land and survived on the plants he found there , unable , because of an overly kind heart , to kill animals for food .
i thought that trees danced but so slowly we could not catch sight of their dancing and that rocks grew like plants but so slowly we could nt detect it and of course that is true .
he asked his sister - in - law for something he could give his wife to bring her to her senses but the sister - in - law told him there was no such plant .
pass numbly to the kitchen , the attempted world of advertising , failing weakly in the virginal light , sadly , pathetically , pitifully not quite modern in its vinyl and enamel finish , apologetic , the ice - coffin refrigerator deserted , in its last lap towards a piece of waste ground and an unsuspecting child , the fly stuck in incredulous frenzy , held in the maniacal jaw of a venus alien plant , carnivorous in your green peace slumber - fly , child , bottle of milk trap .
we did n't see the cow - pats , did we , my foolish love , or hear the transistor radio picking metallically across the blue and yellow genitals of plants that crowded in above our heads to watch us kiss among the hair and insects of a beautiful day like today , grabbing a jacket just in case , pocketing keys , turning slowly in search of forgotten items , and though i have to leave you , you knew i always would ; i 'd better be off .
and it 's always like this ; cool , dusky courtyards full of plants , families sprawling along the narrow streets shouting at each other as if still at home .
they walk from shade to shade , drooping like the stunned plants .
there were n't many people about , it being siesta time , and we walked slowly along the narrow streets under the plant draped balconies .
there were false windows , fountains , beams , pot plants , galleries and arches .
wotherspoon , the edible plants of early australia , p172 .
a nursery , plants , humidity higher inside and the stench of smoking life exchanged for fecundity .
he wandered about for fifty three minutes , touching a plant here , opening a door there , a maze that ever expanded the more his slow gait carried his absentminded shuffle through millions of species only the few had names for beyond flower , bush , tree .
they walked in silence , his hand ruffling the leaves of certain plants and avoiding others .
' this plant takes in many things , dust , memories , regrets , dreams , and purifies them . '
he stared at the plant for a moment , then the woman , the plant , the woman .
he stared at the plant for a moment , then the woman , the plant , the woman .
he took the plant from her and found himself back in the crowd , carrying the plant like an infant , close to his chest , his eyes nowhere beyond its small petals .
he took the plant from her and found himself back in the crowd , carrying the plant like an infant , close to his chest , his eyes nowhere beyond its small petals .
a cloud overhead , black but not smelling of rain , a young man bumped and knocked the plant from the old man 's hands , and he watched it spill to the earth , the soil mixing with the dirt and dust and feet .
he turned to the plant hidden in nightshade , past it to the hills far away on fire , and back to the blank page .
the plant he acquired the day previous grew and emanated a cold but faint violet light .
he turned back to the plant and smiled , put a finger to its petals , warm , burning like ice , caustic .
he turned to the plant , his face full of pleas and begs , long , the skin looser , the eyes deeper .
he peered from the blanket wrapped around his body , turbaned round his head , his eyes wide , catching the ardor particled by the plant , exchanged for the dust .
* * * the sun rose and dimmed the plant 's blush .
he turned to the plant , bigger than before , than moments ago , brighter .
the plant waved as if pushed and pulled by a breeze .
* * * the sulphuric air stung his eyes and nostrils but he shuffled along carrying a petal from his plant .
freed from his hand , the plant swallowed the haze around it , shining more and more .
his steps feeble and unsure , he made his way to the plant and bathed in its glow , but coughed anyway .
turned to the plant , its light spotlighting his movements , hand on the handle , he removed it and walked to the flower .
there is a darkness that happens in the depths of night spent in the depths of the earth surrounded by the lifesource of graveyards and plants .
i need that plant there as i need you .
without the plant , the outside will take me .
it entered his lungs , the sweetness of forgotten love as purified by the biology of plant .
the plant took them in , and another aroma cleared the apartment , the mist gone .
pulling the bud from the plant , he swallowed it , closed his eyes , and fell through the floor .
the plant bloomed and it spilled over the bowl it lived in , inhabiting the entire table , growing up the walls and over the floor , growing right onto him , tendrils attached , their fiery touch of bitter cold stung when he separated from it .
standing up , he stepped away from the plant consuming the apartment , blossoming within him and stealing his life by giving him a new one .
the millennial fires approached , scorching the walls , melting the windows , but not cooking inside , only feeding the plant , causing it to grow exponentially , and feed him who stayed to write it all back to life .
even now , the plant grows and threatens to take you from me .
the more i recall , the faster it goes , like drawing a map for this demon plant .
the plant keeps me alive but steals you , the reason to live .
i dare not look to it , the plant , its light mesmerises and i will be lost .
i must live to bring you back , and so the plant must stay , though it eats you .
the plant grew over him but the touch disintegrated .
his legs unsteady , cracking , creaking , the years flooded back into him , his lungs broken , his heart splintered , he shuffled through the vegetation , the fauna of his apartment until he reached its heart , the plant he carried home with him only days before when the fires were far away and not pushing on the windows .
he pulled the plants from the walls but they rotted and disintegrated before his hands made contact .
she opened her mouth and plants sprouted and grew at an alarming rate until they covered her face and spread over her skin like a disease .
in greece , the lotus was considered to be a plant devoted to the goddess hera .
i found out the following : the lotus is a water - resistant perennial herbaceous plant with a long stalk and large flowers reaching 30 centimeters in diameter and resting upon big leaves .
but remember , the plant should begin to work continuously no later than the 15th of august .
you spoke once about noninterference in our life , while this plant is evidence of the opposite .
he wanted humans to truly love god instead of simply existing in front of god as a plant pleasing his eyes .
god settled people on the earth , which was specially created for humankind , with seas , land , plants , and different animals .
there is such an ancient expression written in sanskrit , the god sleeps in minerals , / wakes up in plants , / moves in animals / and thinks in a human .
dark blue berries are scattered on the plants .
my work sent flowers and a poem about how they miss me , my mom sent a potted weeping willow tree that we can take home and plant outside , and scotts mom poured hours of time and energy into a special recipe card box filled with hand - written recipes she has collected over the years .
i also slip vegetable plants in among the perennial gardens , and i get planters from the thrift store and fill them with herbs and tomato plants , lining them up on the walkway and the driveway .
i also slip vegetable plants in among the perennial gardens , and i get planters from the thrift store and fill them with herbs and tomato plants , lining them up on the walkway and the driveway .
every day we tend to the plants , watering , weeding , pruning , thinning .
we observe their progress and clap our hands when we see tiny pea pods emerging from the plants flowers .
soon , there are flowers on the tomato plants .
morgen helps spread it in around the plants with the child - sized garden tools she got for christmas .
she checks on them every day , and when i get home from work she shows me the progress the little plants have made .
morgen helps us dig the holes , and we remove each delicate plant from the tray , careful not to damage the roots .
at night i listen to morgens stories of the bean plants progress and the tiny flowers on the tomato plants .
at night i listen to morgens stories of the bean plants progress and the tiny flowers on the tomato plants .
all over , plants are bent , drooping .
we walk around , pulling destroyed plants and re - staking some of the toppled ones .
yeah , he answered , stroking the fronds of a particularly well - balanced yucca plant .
in the days immediately following his forced stay in the strangely empty hospital , where a host of ancient doctors had run endless , repetitive tests on him , he 'd toyed with the idea of exposing the plant , stripping its cover , revealing its hidden depths and illegal activities and laying it prone before the clustered boots and gathered bayonets of the local environmental generals .
as he walked , upright on two feet into the lightening jungle , plant fronds and insects were crushed in the hinges of elbow and ankle , further oiling with there small bodies the metal joints of neck and knee , enabling the steady release of his muscles ' torpor while affording those same a mould of more suitably heroic proportions .
staples , disguised as a pot plant on the villa 's cluttered balcony , observed the newcomer in his dilemma .
and then there was scherzo out of his mind , whether in or out of his head , in the river , on his way to hospital , watching television as aliens landed , plants grew , as rain fell and crops thrived , as deserts turned lush and green , people fat , governments itchy ... and what else ?
we took command of animals and plants , all in the name of making life for humanity simpler , easier .
in recent years they d added a greenhouse ( glassed in garage ) and a patio with plants and umbrellas .
and in the window ill put chimes and on the sill , flowering plants .
the plants are large and in heavy pots , and there are many , up against every window .
the plants had to be deadheaded every other day if they were to grow to their potential .
as they walked down the lane with its powdery tire tracks separated by a rise filled with dusty burdock and sheared off milkweed plants , opa would teach bett about the sights and sounds and smells around them .
as a vegetable , okra was for someone else ; however as a plant it stole her .
with its ten - inch wide palmated leaves , its eight foot height and large custard yellow trumpet blooms , okra , along with hollyhocks and sunflowers , was one of the most imperial of plants .
every few years , when he could nt think of what else to give to her on mothers day , he would buy a trunkful of plants .
bett had never been able to understand what kind of person , whether scientist or plant lover , would want to stretch the genetic boundaries of a hollyhock so that it produced a profusion of flowers that better belonged on a carnation or mum .
at seasons end , she could pull up the plants , lop the stalks into eighteen inch lengths , then , bundle them .
their chemical make - ups caused various plant species to freeze at different temperatures .
he looked like a fuchsia plant .
bett brushed her way between the rows of tall wispy , plants with their yellow firework burst heads of developing seed .
as she snipped stems , bett murmured longfellows paean to fennel from the goblet of life : above the lowly plant it towers , the fennel , with its yellow flowers , and in an earlier age than ours , was gifted with the wondrous powers , lost vision to restore .
shuddering her shoulders as if she were a horse in the midst of a swarm of horseflies and shaking her hands as though they had gone to sleep , she ran from the garden leaving her basket and the kitchen shears in the middle of the row of gently swaying plants .
rounding the curve , her lower arm hit the half - open pod of a milkweed plant .
she wondered if everyone knew the patient loved pink cyclamen , or if one visitor had brought all four plants , or if there were a sale on cyclamen at the floral shop in the nearby grocery .
in the cutting garden , mature cosmos had dropped seed and those seeds had already sprouted into a carpet of six - inch tall plants , as delicate as spanish lace , growing up and flowering among the woody stalks of their parents .
she wanted it to blow fiercely cold air , unrelentingly , until every blossom head hung down , every plant leaf was curled , and every maple and oak branch was stripped to its brown skeleton .
plants continued to grow , blossom and fruit .
she did nt want to hear about the tenacity of plants .
turning plants to men .
and men to plants .
he would watch an uninjured leg plant itself for support .
nita was surprised to find bett in the small pantry which long ago had been converted to a nursery for her mothers plants .
some more for the church plant sale .
in that room the talk was of plants , of flowers and vegetables , display and cutting gardens .
the relief the plants brought encouraged her to bring the conversation back and back again to gardening .
that has been more the plants choice than anything i ve done .
i can remember one time we spent most of an afternoon moving wheelbarrow after wheelbarrow of mint plants .
in her violent heaving to bring herself onto her knee , a hand broke the stem of a newly weeded fennel plant .
she saw a basil plant had budded .
the air grows spicy as his pants brush against the plants crowding narrow footway .
sam stopped by a small half moon table with a potted plant .
bright lamps built into the deck directed their beams onto the surrounding plants , staircases and the primitive structure of the bar .
he dug out a clump of innocuous weed and threw it into the truck with a pile of genuine noxious plants he d worked on earlier in the day .
they brush against the tropical plants as they pass .
` ` these plants grow up overnight .
the spores come out in the feces , which lands on plants .
rats and other small animals eat the plants , and the fungus develops inside them .
that , and , of course , to find this shaman who can cure the infection , and get samples of the plant or plants he uses to do it . ''
that , and , of course , to find this shaman who can cure the infection , and get samples of the plant or plants he uses to do it . ''
and you can cure it with some plants or some tea ? ''
` ` but i do not want you to take away our plants that grow for medicine here on this island .
if you take the plants away , how will i make the herb tea for my own people when we are afflicted ? ''
` ` so many people will require many plants , '' the shaman finally says .
` ` if you can give us seeds , we can grow the plants on st . lucy , in outdoor plots or greenhouses .
we do n't need to take plants from here , after the first , if we can get them to grow .
should i believe you will wait , while the plants grow ? ''
` ` are the plants so rare ?
how rare are the plants ? ''
in the morning we go out together looking for plants . ''
i had studied under my father , learning about all the plants that grow in the jungle .
there are no medicinal plants growing in the city , i think .
he 's going to take us out today to get plant samples .
i ' m going out with azacca to get plant samples .
a minute later he reappears , carrying an actual canteen and some other bags that are probably for collecting plant samples .
` ` here , see this , '' azacca eventually says , stooping to point to a small plant growing parasitically like an orchid on a piece of rotting wood .
the shaman gives an impromptu lesson on the biology of the plant in front of them , how to grow it , how it reproduces , when and how to harvest it .
` ` this is one of three plants we need , '' he concludes , holding his hand out towards jack to reclaim a sample bag .
` ` this is the main one actually , '' he adds , taking up the entire plant and a generous section of the rotting log under it , placing them carefully into the bag and then handing it to zeph .
baldwin looks around and notices that there are a few more of the plants on similar pieces of deadwood nearby , spread out about ten feet apart .
it occurs to him that the shaman is cultivating the plants .
i inherited all this and learned to take care of it , but never needed to use this particular plant until recently . ''
first thing i did was to try using this plant as my great grandfather had .
he takes up two more of the plants and places them into sample bags of their own , then turns to walk off past the little garden of cultivated magnoliophyta , into another section of jungle .
when she gets no response , she adds , ` ` the plants back there .
` ` here , '' azacca says , pointing to the next plant they 'll collect .
by the time he finishes , baldwin feels confident in his understanding of the plant .
with that he launches into the final plant lecture of the morning .
after about twenty minutes he ends by saying , ` ` luckily plants grow quickly around here .
if you take back some of the shoots , you should have mature plants within the year . ''
after repeating the exercise with six more young plants nearby he seals off the final bag and hands it to jomo for safekeeping .
he 's spent most of the night experimenting with the plant compounds he obtained from the smaller island .
glancing around the big room , he notices some small plants baldwin has already started growing from the seeds they brought back .
the little plants sit perched in their little pots on the windowsill facing the morning sun , baby shoots nudging upwards from under little blankets of dark earth .
` ` i can go back to the island and try to beg some more plants from the old man , if that 's what i need to do , '' zeph suggests .
dark outlines of growing plants can be seen lining every window .
inside a big greenhouse next to the beach , annetka is helping baldwin with the plants .
since just before dawn they have been unloading small plants from the back of a truck and setting them up inside the newly acquired greenhouse .
` ` you ' ve been hanging around with snake too much , '' she laughs lightly , arranging a little plant just right to face its leaves toward the east , maximizing the surface area exposed to the light .
my own personal fear is that the light here will be too bright for these small plants . ''
she looks over at baldwin , who is looking at the plants , analyzing the possibilities .
our babies will grow up to be fine sturdy young plants , '' she adds , laughing lightly again .
baldwin exhales heavily and returns to working with the plants .
the little plant pots have all been set into long troughs on the table tops .
baldwin asks , stepping out from behind a bank of tall plants .
` ` plus , i have free gardening help , '' baldwin adds , nodding towards the two who have been helping him out with the plants .
then he grabs something that looks like a tall stool , but might be a plant stand , and sets it in front of the screen , gesturing to baldwin to sit on it .
she pulls the door closed behind her , latching it securely to protect the plants inside from the vagaries of the wind .
his plan was to take the harvest from what he had amused himself by calling the elcpelevated , linear compost processorand use it to top dress the french bed that would hold the tomato plants .
for a few moments he had pursued what he thought might be the pleasure of japanese gardening by making swirls in the dirt between plants with the tines of his garden fork .
not for the first time , maryellen felt a sadness when she considered how , because he was so pent up , gene had planted early , then , had had to re - plant when the seeds rotted from too much rain .
the weekend after halloween he had spent most of a day putting the garden to rest by pulling out the tomato stakes and pulling up the leggy , woody plants they had supported .
as gene loosely monitored khloe while he pinched suckers from the tomato plants , he remembered what it was like when tisha was in her mid - teens , especially in her post - drivers license , but pre - college period .
while pinching plants , washing dishes , watching khloe build a miniature stonehenge , or feigning sleep alongside maryellen , gene spent three days considering alternatives .
noah quickly stood up , looked around , and grabbed a plant vase sitting on the counter .
hell , he wondered with a smile , how many different things did the original harvesters of tobacco do with the plant before figuring out it was only good for smoking ?
as i edged closer to inspect the gashes , i realized that this was not a disease unique to these woody plants , at least according to natures design .
during my progression , this foliage became so dense that i had to squeeze between the brambly arms of wooded plants and witch hazel .
remember when you helped her plant tulips and some other perennials around her sheds lattice about five years ago ?
a good portion of this earth was laden with an assortment of herbaceous plants .
i reexamined the heaps of putrefying plant life that we both literally stood amidst , and therefore could nt relate to his optimistic disposition .
i then motioned to the withered plants crushed beneath the mentors feet .
i left the diseased prattler as i found him amidst this plot of spoiled plants .
if he could have , miles would gladly have transitioned himself to some sort of plant being that could photosynthesize for sustenance .
miles had often found himself thinking over the years that plants had definitely figured out a far better way to survive .
she s tellin father stevenson how she got bit by a snake in the walmart garden centerwhich is already big gossip in the congregationand that she was the one who put the snake in the rosemary plant and jabbed it til it bit her .
i was always careful to avoid being noticed by the caretaker , but i could nt keep my work a secret when the plants began to sprout .
i would have been thrilled , were it not for the spray paint that coated the ravaged plants .
i dab out the cigarette and put it in the enclosed ashtray tucked in the corner behind a plant .
when i thought about summoning enough energy to listen , i was convinced i could hear the plants grow in the humidity .
turns out , is office is in a big , new building on elgin street wit igh speed elevators an lotsa plants .
they are often found in heavily wooded areas because the excess heat creates a thriving environment for plant life .
or a seed , which she recognized from home - school as the kind that grew guava plants with sun and soil and water .
he heard , of course , the soft scrapings made by the german receptionist , roswitha , as she wiped each office plants leaves with a handkerchief .
on the contrary , it brimmed with comic lightness , the kind of mild rebuke that one might direct towards an old woman , perhaps a receptionist who had chosen this inopportune moment to dust the plants .
she sprayed herr halsas window , his silk plants , his brass lamp , wiped and rubbed , a water spritzer in one hand , an ammonia bottle in the other , wiping , rubbing and spraying , holding the plant handkerchief between her cheek and shoulder and a roll of paper towel under her wing .
she sprayed herr halsas window , his silk plants , his brass lamp , wiped and rubbed , a water spritzer in one hand , an ammonia bottle in the other , wiping , rubbing and spraying , holding the plant handkerchief between her cheek and shoulder and a roll of paper towel under her wing .
all other plants were required to be silk or plastic .
corey campbell ( pool ) , a student in warren wilsons mfa program for fiction , published pool at anderbo.com and the plants in new southerner magazine .
she 'd resorted to tying the goats into loose groups of three , with an extra length rope at one end which she 'd tie to a tree or plant in the ground .
a potted plant hydrangeas stood in the open window of the trailer , squat and unambitious , reaching out its thin leaves like flat fingers unfurling .
she went silently from trailer to trailer , sniffing at refuse - heavy garbage cans and dead plants in plastic pots , at car tires and old sneakers left out on welcome mats , at laundry hanging on the crudely strung up lines , all the wreckage of assembled human existence .
may strategized the building plan so that on one side visitors were enveloped by exotic tropical plants and soothing nature .
she drew back the curtains and looked out of the window across the balcony , with its unflowering plants growing in flower - pots .
atomic organic plant lifeanimal ... and - virus < power ?
as if for the last time , you seem to register every leaf of every plant almost like you were storing the images away for another day .
yet , here in front of me were huge stacks of fresh basil , cilantro , thyme , parsley , curry leaves and when i walked up to the stands and sniffed the individual plant bunches it was a whole different smell .
there are lot lots of pretty flowers and plants in the field .
some had pruned rose bushes under the picture window and others had what looked like trimmed raspberry plants .
but when his thoughts again turned to the world and its immeasurable number of plants , and creatures , and humans , and beings , and saw , again , how they dwarfed the sangha into a speck of hardly anything at all , then he feared that the young dhamma trees would soon wither and be swept away before the brute force of the world .
the scent of dew and many plants rose to fill his nostrils as he focused all mindfulness upon the answer to comefor as with all other things the buddha said , he had to remember it verbatim : he was the gatherer and guardian of the dhamma .
many drops are animals now , many more are plants .
the rest is up to each drop of animal , plant , human , asura , or deva .
instead he slumped back in the chair , looked out the window across the deck , across his back yard , his lawn , his plants , his trees , all gradually stepping into dawn now from the cover of night .
his plants , each distinct , each boiling with scent .
looking back upon itfor the tenth , hundredth , perhaps thousandth time ; for he liked to ponder this eventharrys pine again saw that the choice , at its core , consisted of this : animal or plant ?
by then inevar had no clear view of who or what it could have been , the one extending this officer , this ur - choice , which at its core , consisted of this : animal or plant ?
and he found that to those he could reach , he could pose the very question he had been asked : animal or plant ?
but manynot yet quite as tainted or dependentwould in the end choose plant , and so were born new trees : species guided and still grown by these spirits ; spirits now happy and grateful to have been given a choice , though few truly remembered , or ever dwelled on such details .
by now inevar had no clear view of who or what it could have been , the one extending this offer , this ur - choice , which at its core , consisted of this : animal or plant ?
and they found that to those reach , they could pose the very question inevar had originally been asked : animal or plant ?
it was hot and hazy , the air salty and a little rancid , the fertile rotting of water plants and microscopic animals .
sea air is nt good for plants , but of course i nourish the soil here .
i do nt mind if it dies , the plant , i m not attached to it really , i told her and she nodded vaguely , clutching it in one hand , swinging the keys in the other as if she was nt sure what to do with them .
my plant looked barely alive .
sarah gave me a new plant , a lush purple - blue hydrangea .
working quickly , knowing without hesitating which was the weed and which the plant and i could nt help staring .
not a queen , just small and pale as a weed growing in the shadow of the stronger plants .
chapter eleven i sat , twenty weeks pregnant , on a low - backed beige covered chair in a waiting room that they had tried to make a little friendly , adding one or two plants and keeping everything light - coloured and as soft as possible to make it different from those long blue linoleumed hospital corridors we had had to come down to get to this unit where they scanned unborn babies , keeping a sharp outlook for defects .
just stones and tenacious little plants , brown and green asking not to be stepped on .
thinking nothing elated her , she felt like she hovered above the moss and plants that supported her body .
she returned to her bed of moss and happy plants , lay down again and looked back at the stars .
seeing as our physical shells are not what we in truth are , eating is an obscene need that embroils every living thing on the planet , at least every alive thing beyond plant life , which survives just fine on sunlight , water , carbon dioxide and minerals , thank youmainly nitrogen , she added as a clarification , for carbon dioxide and water combine to sugar , which plants love .
we needed , and looked for , a shortcut , and the best shortcut available was either the plants , which in their eagerness to grow , built a pretty hearty diet for us mammalsask the cow , or the deer , or the gorilla for that matter , they all do very well on plant foodeither plants or other living creatures .
we needed , and looked for , a shortcut , and the best shortcut available was either the plants , which in their eagerness to grow , built a pretty hearty diet for us mammalsask the cow , or the deer , or the gorilla for that matter , they all do very well on plant foodeither plants or other living creatures .
we needed , and looked for , a shortcut , and the best shortcut available was either the plants , which in their eagerness to grow , built a pretty hearty diet for us mammalsask the cow , or the deer , or the gorilla for that matter , they all do very well on plant foodeither plants or other living creatures .
perhaps we should have settled with plants as food .
why eat plants , which you then have to laboriously digest and reconstitute or reassemble to those proteins and other building blocks that go to make up your body ?
why not chase it down and consume already prepared , why not call it pre - digested plant food in the form of these smaller animals .
i do nt know where and when this happened , but i do know that today this has become the norm : only the more tranquil of our species ( or any species for that matter ) eat plants : the rest eat each other .
theophrastus founded the science of botany , providing detailed and vivid descriptions of a wide variety of plant species as well as investigating the germination process in seeds .
this new freedom also brought the beginning of scientific classification as pioneered by swedish naturalist carolus linnaeus , who isolated and recorded close to 12,000 living plants and animals into a systematic arrangement that , in many aspects , is still in use today .
rather , he explained the higher forms of existence , such as plant and animal life and even human thought , in these purely physical terms as well and applied his atomic theory to not only psychology and physiology , but to theory of knowledge , ethics , and politics as well , and so presented the first comprehensive statement of deterministic materialismthe theory that holds that all aspects of existence are wholly determined by physical laws .
the qi of a plant , on the other hand , is murkier than the qi of a dog , so dogs can think and perceive , whereas plants can not ( at least not as far as we know ) .
the qi of a plant , on the other hand , is murkier than the qi of a dog , so dogs can think and perceive , whereas plants can not ( at least not as far as we know ) .
the qi of a rock is murkier still , so a plant is alive , while a rock is not .
a significant part of the rig - veda is devoted to soma , a plant whose juice produced ecstatic experiences and was therefore considered sacred .
she will not eat anything that has lived , other than plants .
some of the colors of plants and trees loved the ocean more than others and found in it a new home and covered first its shallow waters , then the deeps , with color , mainly green .
then the hunger worsened and grew so painful that some fishes could not endure it and they wondered whether color was edible , and they found it so , and they ate of the watery plants .
some beasts ate the fruits and grains and berries of plants to still their hunger and other beasts , larger and less patient , tore the smaller beasts apart and ate their hearts and livers and muscles and drank their warm blood to still their hunger .
only plants and trees were spared the hunger , for their roots embraced the earth in constant feeding and their leaves embraced the sky in constant breathing and they never knew the hunger of not eating .
gerald had tried , but could not make out the number of buildings , hidden as they were among lots of large and very green plants and trees he could not name .
: yama : the self is the sun shining in the sky , the wind blowing in space ; he is the fire at the altar and in the home the guest ; he dwells in human beings , in gods , in truth , and in the vast firmament ; he is the fish born in water , the plant growing in the earth , the river flowing down from the mountain .
tell them that the real self is the fish born in water , is the plant growing in the earth , is the river flowing down from the mountain .
dreams of fallen trees to decompose , of dying plants , and stomach linings , sunlight , and carbon dioxide .
laredo would have called the cops , but he had three baby marijuana plants growing in the herb garden in his windowsill .
a plant needs about twenty litres of water a week in the summer months , you know .
i said , its a plant .
i can swear to have seen to make him to disappear a whole plant hifi .
he / she knew a lot of things : he intended of economy and of banks , but also of law and architecture ; you / he / she could speak to you for times of every european plant , but also of animals of asia or the sudafrica ; it perfectly knew the traditions of this place , but also the uses of the aboriginal tribes of the new zelanda or the amazzonia .
there was odor in true summer in calabria and the dry earth , the white houses , the itinerant ones that you / they sold onions to the edges of the road , the plants of fig trees of indian and the blue horizon on which the shade of stromboli supported him made the small scaling toward the country a marvelous cloth .
i understand that the french grape plants were devastated by a fungus .
they went inside 59 rivoli , the cool galerie w , the hip point ephmre , the huge green plants that overtake the interior of the boxy , clear - glass fondation cartier .
my mom likes plants .
in the corner of the lobby and mail room , a man watered some plants .
if i get too old to grow plants and design gardens anymore , i do nt think i d want to go on , she said .
tom was leery because he did nt know much about plants or about business .
the arbor was covered with climbing white roses and pale blue clematis plants that they had forced into bloom out of season in one of the greenhouses , and surrounded by pots of also forced pastel tulips and bleeding hearts and live giant ferns , so that the effect was of a fairytale cottage garden .
a small potted plant was in the dead center of the table , and pillows were painstakingly arranged on both the couch and the chair .
plants of every variety and colours were bursting with fruits and flowers .
coupled with the pain inside , which caused her to gasp out , she realised she could not only breathe , but hear everything around her , from the sea creatures to the movement of the sea plants beneath her .
the land was almost barren as they stepped off the ship with just a few trees and plants and all that stood out from the greenery was a small cottage with a smoking chimney , high upon a rocky hill .
for john and janet table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 chapter 28 chapter 29 chapter 30 chapter 31 chapter 32 chapter 33 chapter 34 chapter 35 chapter 36 chapter 37 prologue i had always loved the plant called the burning bush .
not the biblical tale , rather the beautiful red - leafed plant that one can find growing in various common areas , looking fantastical and rare in direct contrast of its immediate surroundings .
such a lovely plant grew in the small excuse for a garden that was planted right outside of my apartment building .
my apartment was in the northeast and so the plant would only turn its wonderful shade of red in the fall , much to my disappointment .
inside of my apartment , however , not a single plant existed .
she reminds me of the plant known as the burning bush the biblical tale or the one seen nowadays ?
i know that plant well .
then you have wonderful taste in plant life , dear truman .
i checked under a piece of loose carpet and in the potted plants nearby , but found nothing .
on one particular occasion , i found that someone had planted one of those burning bush plants at his grave .
` ` they are n't picking this field today , '' said dawn , pulling an ear off a plant and thumbing kernels , watching them fall to the soil .
bryce escaped his jail and ran face first into a row , knocking down several of the brittling plants .
she turned in a circle to find her place , yearning to find the fort , or the road , or the house , but even on her tip - toes she could only see the nearest stalks , and those withered plants began to seem a legion of thin monsters , all closing on in her .
the spiny feet of the corn plants turned into hairy spiders .
crammed with dirt and wadded plants , the augur at the front of the combine resembled a beaver dam .
and fat ears with ice fall off of plants .
he dropped the combine into gear , let the machine crawl forward like a tank into the rows , set the cornhead down , and watched stalks fall , devoured between the pointed fenders as the chains ripped the plants upward into the augur , through the thresher , spewing the remains of leaves and dust onto a field of stubble .
not far from the house , ray noticed a gap in the cornfield , a hole where no plants stood , and he squinted at it .
down the hill , into the weeds , snapping branches and plants along the way , he cringed at the thought of his red paint .
jacob turned the steering wheel from side to side to try and make his tires grab the bank of scrubby bushes and plants .
he had missed a few plants .
hardly worth turning back for twelve plants , but driving by the field all winter , those plants standing in the snow ... yes , he would go back to get those few .
hardly worth turning back for twelve plants , but driving by the field all winter , those plants standing in the snow ... yes , he would go back to get those few .
a rain drop landed on the window and ethan saw the leaves of the plants growing wet in the flower bed .
he felt it would take years to clothe the nakedness of his education , and in his zeal ignored all that he had learned on the farm , his practical knowledge of animals , plants , machinery , and tools .
jacob did not know about years when cattle had to graze the ditches , or when wind blew down the plants in august .
weeds around the fence touched the wires and the posts , tall plants , still tall even after the first frost squeezed the life out .
he had a breadth of skill he could build houses , plant and harvest , plumb and wire bathrooms and basements .
with his knife he dug up a corn plant , imitating his father , to inspect the roots , not entirely sure what to look for , but knowing that seeing and touching a sprouted root gave his father great relief each spring .
overhead the rhododendron bushes intertwined so completely they meshed together forming natural platforms , he shinned up the gnarled and twisted trunks of the great plants and began clambering around passing from one mattress of leaves to another .
the thick woody stems of the plants provided good handholds but as he grasped them they oozed sticky sap causing every loose bit of bark to stick to his hands , however he managed to cover as much distance as was possible before he neared the field and the bushes began to thin out .
@ davey did n't answer , he was in a dangerous position , the spidery roots of the ivy were unable to penetrate the sandstone which had been tempered by weathering until it had become as hard as granite , as he put his weight upon it strips of the plant tore away , it was a grateful hand which took hold of a window - ledge .
the scene in the mirror was of the jungle , dawn was breaking and a heavy rain beat down upon the myriads of leaves and plants which filled the screen before them .
beautiful girls in the barest of costumes danced before the soldiers , they carried woven baskets filled with petals from exotic plants .
however even their attention could not remain upon the dancing girls for long , they were amazed by the splendour all around , bright , white buildings towered above them , gardens that seemed to cling to the sides of the buildings burst forth with plants and shrubs of amazing variety , winter was approaching but the flowers displayed were magnificent .
sparse and hardy plants which had died back in preparation for the coming winter were replaced by thin outcrops of trees which eked an existence from the weak soil .
they re growing plants that top 20 feet tall .
our task is to cut the stalks into 36 lengths , thresh the dirt and the insects by beating the lengths on a mat , and pack the plants in canvas sheets that are then loaded onto a dolly and carted back to the vans .
we sweep plant debris from the floor with wide brooms and pack this chaff in two more sheets , the last to be loaded on the vans .
burning all sorts of weird plants .
i sample a few of them , and come away with pamphlets and fliers about careers in forestry , forest fire prevention ( with some poor oaf dressed in a smokey the bear costume ) , invasive plant species , courses offered by the botany department , and preservation efforts in the brazilian rain forest .
leon : it 's rare that a wanderer finds plant - life in the desert , but i needed a dependable wood to carve the end - piece for my ney .
the birds capped the harmony and the waterfall batted a rhythmic roll onto the water , opening the plants ' stomata to breathe the song of the lagoon and enhance the growth of life .
heart of the people just loved smoking moishe 's plants .
all the world and everything inside it- the land , the plants , the animals , the men and all their hopes and products , their fears , and their history of conflict- shook and spasmed as the sun began to rise .
my mom was watering the plants .
in the day , i would see hummingbirds come by to drink nectar from the hanging plants .
i already watered those plants .
she nodded and turned back to tend to the plants .
she took pictures of plants , animals , and people .
the demon looked frail and wherever he walked , the plants around him wilted .
an aloe vera plant burst from the ground where prometheus had touched it .
he 's been awfully busy getting everybody situated with enough seedlings and starter plants .
as they were enthusiastically welcomed into each home they complimented the owner on something they admired : a particularly beautiful tree or hardy plant , even an animal that served their hosts family .
she observed the wedding guests all dressed in soft , woven clothing , carrying seedlings or saplings from a plant or tree that alex and jenica had especially appreciated on their visit to each persons home .
this may seem odd by modern standards , especially given that these were mainly wild animals , but the vedruss had a very different relationship with animals ; and plants and insects , for that matter .
the only thing left to plant was their vegetable garden .
their plants were meant for their familys needs specifically .
he was tending a small fire , brewing a plant spirit potion in a pot hanging above the fire .
the vibration of the song painted pictures in the air , and called down spirits from the plant , animal , bird and insect kingdoms to guide amelia through her visions .
as she observed each homestead amelia saw that everything had a natural quality to it , nothing was pruned or maintained , yet all the plants looked as beautiful and balanced as anything in nature .
the one that had the aloe plant in it .
they told us that she had certain allergies to specific wild plants and pollens and that were she to be exposed to them unexpectedly , she could die .
they do nt have the same plants there as here .
he had last been up here when he got the extra key under the aloe plant , but now the swaying and swing of the thing made him dizzy .
and , distributed throughout the house , were green plants .
random wore nothing but a pair of white shorts spun from the fiber of the hemp plant , and yet , from his pockets he pulled an unending variety of useful items : flint for fire , salt for seasoning , a knife for cutting and trimming .
` ` the crews themselves often give the initial impression of flowers , for with their brilliant robes and exquisite headdresses they look not unlike the individual petals of an elaborate tropical plant or feathers constituting the plumage of a very rare and exotic bird . ''
the argument became more heated , stopping only momentarily as chef said : a plants secret node , a leg of toad , stir by moonlight , quite a sight coming back in from the rain , he placed the pot back on the stove .
ian helped me put up my deck , and i hauled bags of soil for his tomato plants and roses .
but i was also vaguely aware that the tropical plants and flowers were all made of glass .
the invisible force shouted , and dropped me back into the garden , shattering some of the glass plants .
these plants are made of glass , cain said as he paused to touch some edelweiss .
effie wished she knew plant life .
there was a couch ( which robert found out later was a hhidea - ab - bed ) , a wash basin , a commode , a chair such as one might find in chain motel rooms , a plastic plant in a bucket .
* zoophytean animal resembling a plant .
* * * i would nt have thought it possible that they had room for me in the offices of ardent publishing , but when i went in that monday morning , my cheap case stuck self - importantly under my armpit , they had cleared a corner of the anteroom ( i ca nt imagine what was there beforei had no memory of a filing cabinet or couch or potted plant ) .
it did not take staid long to spot the two , plainly dressed guards hovering inconspicuously nearby , and staid acknowledged them both with a look , ensuring that the men had identified him and silently returned his acknowledgment before he approached the young woman , who was now taking whiffs through bags of incense in front of a garrulous vendor who was too keen on showing forth the praises of his superbly mixed plants and spices to realize that the customer before him was not listening .
the soil , like cake in its rich moistness , gave rise to every pleasant tree and plant known to the island , and the harvest returned bountifully from year to year , each tree in its own season .
every plant , every tree became their passion ; they knew when each did well , when each required pruning , how to cajole them into bringing forth fruit .
too , the orchards each morning showed forth less crop to harvest : the overabundance of beorns pantry led to sloth , the plants and trees fell to waste , the work required to husband fruits grew more onerous and begat more sloth .
the plants and animals remained as they had for generations of memory ; some died each year , but others came forth and grew to be just like those that went before .
the feohtans appetites had fully squandered the plants and trees of the garden , yet the shame he felt over this wreckage still could not stop his scavenging .
she has pots and pots of strawberry plants and she raises chickens .
i miss my floors and japanese maple and , near it , the tomato plants that stand along a sunny rock wall .
aside from a state - of - the - art stereo and a large collection of record albums , the interior of the house was a collage of seashells , beer cans , grocery store house plants , and mismatched furniture .
the front door stood open , held that way by a hefty potted plant .
the walking trail was absolutely gorgeous with wild herbs and plants of all kinds .
and some of the flowers and plants on the trail shed seen in vases at the grocery store .
the earth receives low entropy sunshine and traps it in plants and fossil fuels and we humans and other living organisms make use of it to sustain our biological life .
realizing that all life is part of a great stream of evolution of memory from that long ago random moment of initiation , bonds us as humans to all around us , our fellow humans , all living creatures and all living plants , even to the humble virus or bacteria .
by far the greater mass or volume comes from trees and plants both terrestrial and aquatic .
the increasing advance of agricultural land has wiped out whole ecosystems of diverse plant species .
it wants its existence to be exalted above the being of matter , plants or other bio - life .
writing early checks for bills , watering her plants .
the plants are threadbare , leaveless silhouettes , unmoving in the brittle darkness .
it is they who seem to be the real plant life .
outside on a broad sill there was a potted flower plant .
pockets of flax , wind seeded thistle plants and old burnt out tree stumps dotted the landscape .
i coughed and stood up , walking away a few metres , as if noticing for the first time some sub - alpine plant .
past the couple who sells plastic in all its various forms toys , utensils , laundry baskets , garbage containers , and plant pots .
i have never seen her again , but her journal remains next to the plants on the bookshelf behind my desk - the green doodles she drew on the cover blending in with the leaves of my spider plant trailing over the edge of the shelf , often the first thing that catches my eye when i turn on the light in my classroom each morning .
i have never seen her again , but her journal remains next to the plants on the bookshelf behind my desk - the green doodles she drew on the cover blending in with the leaves of my spider plant trailing over the edge of the shelf , often the first thing that catches my eye when i turn on the light in my classroom each morning .
* * * my secretary waters my plants and says things like roots grow deep unless the plants are in pots .
* * * my secretary waters my plants and says things like roots grow deep unless the plants are in pots .
whistle past old - lady doreen and her thousand plants , past the hippies and their drum circle , past the odd couple who look like opposing chess pieces .
but then he stared out the window , darkness beyond leafy spider plants .
i did nt want anyone to know what it had been , the space and me , only the plants i would leave could remember .
i stepped across the vegetable garden below the house where we had eaten , the tomatoes and pepper plants were still young , waiting for their fruit to appear .
in spring , he gathered green succulent leaves and learned which plants he could eat by watching what the grazing animals ate .
he could identify plants , trees , and everything else by the way they looked , felt , and smelled .
he knew the seasons by watching the plants and animals .
bright new plants sprang up , flowers bloomed , bees and other insects came to harvest the pollen , and pollinate the flowers they took the pollen from the plants to reproduce .
bright new plants sprang up , flowers bloomed , bees and other insects came to harvest the pollen , and pollinate the flowers they took the pollen from the plants to reproduce .
in certain environments , the plants are happy , and when they are happy they thrive .
if plants are unhappy , they do nt do well .
plants must fight for their right to live , and they must fight for their place in the sun , or in the shade , whichever the plant need to live out its life and fulfill its destiny .
plants must fight for their right to live , and they must fight for their place in the sun , or in the shade , whichever the plant need to live out its life and fulfill its destiny .
there are exceptions , but mostly predators eat meat , and preys eat plants .
people are both predator and preywe eat meat and we eat plants .
well plant trees and flowers along the stream and use the running water to irrigate them and add beauty to the hacienda .
by irrigating the plants in the courtyard , it would make the place more beautiful .
you can use the water for irrigation , and the plants in the fields will filter the water before it flows back into the river , sage explained .
and looked out the back window to see joan on her hands and knees in her small garden , holding two pieces of a plant she seemed to be trying to transfer from pot to soil .
the gaps between the portico columns were filled with identical plant boxes , their contents a beautiful blaze of red .
instead of solving the mystery , the tangle of plants wrapped the creek in its protective arms until it was no longer possible to distinguish the water from the shrubbery .
heaps of ferns and plants with coloured flowers hung in baskets from their front veranda .
the plants sparkled with droplets of water , and the ground was dark and muddy instead of its usual dustiness .
her plastic plant did not wilt or wither .
several plastic plants always seemed to thrive when she spoke to them .
` ` well anyway , many of the themes in his poems were dredged up from his youth working with the plants in the greenhouse , gathering moss for cemetery baskets , growing plants from seed , that sort of earthy reminiscence . ''
` ` well anyway , many of the themes in his poems were dredged up from his youth working with the plants in the greenhouse , gathering moss for cemetery baskets , growing plants from seed , that sort of earthy reminiscence . ''
mrs . berman , who was repotting an aloe plant that had outgrown the decorative ceramic bowl , looked up .
water the plants and just keep an eye on things until we return .
all sonny could do now was go over to the house with the emerald green shutters , water the plants , check to make sure everything was in order and wait .
to get his mind off the vision world fiasco , he went over to the israeli womans house and watered the plants .
his only legitimate purpose in being there was to water the stupid plants and check for problems .
parker also began tugging at the noxious plants .
` ` about a year ago , '' he added almost as an afterthought , ` ` on a whim , i started learning about the various plants and trees here in the park . ''
you know that lovely potted japanese boxwood plant ?
shed loved the plant .
she squeezed her hand and added , not the plant ; that s a write - off i m afraid .
dropping the bag next to the settee she went outside to water her patio plants .
seeing dc 's things his books and manuscripts his pencils patterned with bite marks his eyeglasses half - folded and set on the edge of the shelf his shoes in the corner a spare pair with the laces looped and draped back into the tongue drooping free the potted plant on the windowsill cactus turning a faint brown you can see the creep of death as the color fades like the advance of rot down a gangrenous limb it is overwhelming she can feel his presence here so strongly .
home - made jams and scones , clay pottery , toys , pot plants and bundles of flowers , musty smelling aged second hand books , vegetables and fruits , well used cds , dvds , video and audio tapes , even old 78s , 45s and lp records .
he subsisted on squirrel meat and fish and some berries and plants .
the aliens would go sit in there and absorb something from the green canisters , maybe they fed like plants by manufacturing fuel from light sort of like photosynthesis , i do nt know .
` ` here are the greatest number of our plants , and our pheasants . ''
mrs . norris had been too well employed to move faster ; for the housekeeper had taken her to the dairy , told her all about their cows , and given her the recipe for a famous cream cheese ; and they had met the gardener , with whom she had made a most satisfactory acquaintance , for she had set him right as to his grandson 's illness , and he had shown her his choicest plants , and presented her with a specimen of heath .
after anything unpleasant below , she could find immediate consolation in her plants , her books , her writing - desk , and her works of charity , all within her reach ; or if nothing but musing would do , she could scarcely see an object in that room which had not an interesting remembrance connected with it .
in some countries we know the tree that sheds its leaf is the variety , but that does not make it less amazing that the same soil and sun should nurture plants so widely differing .
if i could have altered the weather , you would have had a good sharp east wind blowing on youfor here are some of my plants which robert will leave out , and i know that we shall have a sudden hard frost setting in , and i shall lose every one ; and what is worse , cook has just been telling me that the turkey , which i particularly wished not to be dressed till sunday , will not keep beyond to - morrow .
when the old man told him he was looking for the answer , told him how long he had searched , and told again the stories of his days in the cave , his days of dancing , his days learning the power of medicinal plants , his days in the north , his days in the south , his days among library shelves , the jewish man said he had come to the right place because he knew just the person to satisfy his great need , the person who would give him his answer .
the way plants grew or died , or how people walked , or the way they dressed or how they changed over time with age and with sex , the object of the game was to pick the most interesting new observation and bring it back to share with the others .
amanda noticed that , despite bridget browns lovely smile and obvious love for plants , she had sad eyes and an air of resignation that made her seem tender and alone and , in contrast to her welcoming behavior , somehow withdrawn and shy .
ian felt like a glass cloche settling down over a young plant that had somehow survived a brutal winter .
the dust thrown into the atmosphere would darken the sun for months and all the plants would die and all the animals would die after them .
tiles and plants .
the plants and tiles transpire and cool .
its either that or a very old dead - end street with a wall and climbing plants .
we pull a few plants and ornaments down onto the stairs and pass briskly up to the door .
no birds sing and no plants grow in the gas poisoned earth .
roland sat at my feet , spell - bound , as i conjured up worlds of brightly - coloured flowering plants and an array of animal species that never would have fit onto noahs ark .
a mere handful of plants and mammals choose to make the north pole their home , and while millions of birds migrate there each year for the marshes , they at least are sensible enough to leave at the end of each season .
plants and family pictures decorated the tables giving the place a homey feeling .
he glanced towards the kitchen and could see through the window that his mom had gone out to the garden to water her plants .
upon settling in the forest , one of their spiritual leaders , a woman who went by the name of guru lolo rolo , decreed that the order would no longer engage in the killing of any living thing : no humans , no animals , no plants ; not even bacteria .
migrations separate families of every species of organism on this planet , whether it be animals , plants , sea life or bacteria .
it could be said that this species of moist - mouthed talker who stands before us is beneficial to his habitat in as far as he is able to produce waste chemicals which can be transformed , through a series of chemical reactions in the soil , into nutrients aiding the growth of plants in that same ecosystem .
in spite of the energy that is sure to be created for the sake of his survival and endeavor , his body is additionally impelled to create , perhaps out of some magnanimous sense of reciprocity toward its environment , certain waste byproducts which enter into the soil again , and chemically react with other cyclically - derived elements before being assimilated through the roots of latter generations of the very same plant species he had just consumed .
to make matters more complex , if you view this process of consumption and production from the perspective of those latter generations of plants he would surely nourish , the whole process could be understood according to its converse , for these young , arrogant plants are similarly inclined to consider themselves the end consumers in the process , in very much the same way as do those species which eventually come to consume them .
to make matters more complex , if you view this process of consumption and production from the perspective of those latter generations of plants he would surely nourish , the whole process could be understood according to its converse , for these young , arrogant plants are similarly inclined to consider themselves the end consumers in the process , in very much the same way as do those species which eventually come to consume them .
we understand that the idea of feline sin and virtue does not involve its more basic instincts , but rather more worldly behaviors such as restraining the urge to deface furniture or learning to relieve ones self in the litter box instead of the potted plants you keep by your kitchen .
they were too much maintenance , and if you did nt do the work , the plants died or the garden grew to chaos .
his earthenware urns , his decorative figures , even his lowly plant pots , were considered luxury items by most of the townsfolk and sold slowly .
he had chased off teds supplier , he had spoken to the transport companies , and he had stuffed his own shop windows full of cheap ceramics , from plant pots to hand painted figures .
she stole over to the house , tipped over a plant pot , retrieved the key , and struggled back to the car , indicating darla should roll down the window .
like plants smothered by mud , with time and pressure , turn to coal , which burns so hot .
i will get off with you , and walk you home , ill tell you on the way or you could come for coffee she offers and so i do , i walk with her to her little apartment with the slow elevator and green carpet , and listen as she shows me the shelf where the head i made sits in its box alongside a dying spider plant , a porcelain virgin mary and a ceramic sad clown figurine , and she shows me pictures of her children and her husband .
the area surrounding victoria falls nurtures several hundred types of trees and plants rarely seen in other parts of africa .
pursuing the pale woman , zigzagging through the dense , towering saguaros and the smaller desert plants , this rumpled rock avoided a jungle of cholla cactus , what we then called jumping cactus , and lime - green and yellow palo verde trees , which were leafing out with tiny oval shaped leaves and blooming , pale yellow star - shaped blossoms , their branches humming with black bumble bees , wasps and ordinary honey bees .
i sat listening to the sound of voices outside , communing with my clod ; there was a pleasant time each year in our desert , a season when the small high windows of my room could be cranked open , when it was neither winter , chilly in the desert without plants or wet air to hold in the heat , or blazing summer ; the linoleum felt smooth and comforting to my bare feet .
a comma usefully separates ideas and lists of prickly plants in our densely packed desert : barrel cactus , palo verde , saguaro , desert broom , desert marigold , palo verde , mesquite , palo verde , barrel cactus .
called mr . ralph campbell when we crunched across the white gravel of his little semicircular drive with three ocotillos plants , monkey coach whips or devils coach whips , one growing for each of their family , in the center of the gravel fan .
there was something very spooky about the desert plants coated with snow , there was no spot where someone might find cover , no comforting trees .
the small bottlebrush plants were like a set of uptight acolytes surrounding the greater african tree .
nowlisten to thisacross , across the wide , wide fertile plain of america in those early years , he began , that were then covered , covered i say kids , with teeming masses of frolicking antelope , the young antelope kicking their heels in the warm sunshine , which was the very best kind of sunshine , buttery yellow sunshine , just as though it was fresh from the churn , american sunshine of the western great plains , beating down on the fertile antelopes who in their multitudes were butting their small horns , like the horn of plenty , the fruits of many of unknown plants , plants sinking their roots in the dark prairie soil and lifting their leaves into the sun , across these plains traveled , ever forward , ever westward , by the teeming mass of covered wagons , carrying grandma and grandpa too and all the belongings , the quilts and bedsteads , the beans and coffee , and these wagons crossed the prairie , jolting , jerking moving over the grassy continent , carrying in them the possessions of thousands of family and those families themselves moving steadily westward , those pioneers ... into the sun ... sorry kids i need to visit the bathroom for a moment .
nowlisten to thisacross , across the wide , wide fertile plain of america in those early years , he began , that were then covered , covered i say kids , with teeming masses of frolicking antelope , the young antelope kicking their heels in the warm sunshine , which was the very best kind of sunshine , buttery yellow sunshine , just as though it was fresh from the churn , american sunshine of the western great plains , beating down on the fertile antelopes who in their multitudes were butting their small horns , like the horn of plenty , the fruits of many of unknown plants , plants sinking their roots in the dark prairie soil and lifting their leaves into the sun , across these plains traveled , ever forward , ever westward , by the teeming mass of covered wagons , carrying grandma and grandpa too and all the belongings , the quilts and bedsteads , the beans and coffee , and these wagons crossed the prairie , jolting , jerking moving over the grassy continent , carrying in them the possessions of thousands of family and those families themselves moving steadily westward , those pioneers ... into the sun ... sorry kids i need to visit the bathroom for a moment .
living so long on this dry edge of the earth had been a little much for her ; and i wonder now what anguish she felt every time her relatives went back to the old farm without her and her little pride with her place in the strange west must have been weak compensation for the loss of friendships and established course of her life , pots of jam at the county fair and known plants and animals , that she felt every time she was left in this strange place called arizona by them , by the folks .
this plant lived on a doily island .
the squash hung on an oddly angular plant .
the whole thing disturbed me ; it seemed to me to be an apocalyptic vision of dangerous plant life .
he seemed to be drawing an intricate squashed world , a universe run over by a steam roller with those corn maidens lying out as though they were girder - bearing construction cranes that had fallen back from an impact crater and with the angular arms of flattened squash plants radiating out in many directions .
and pollen carried allergies to everyone and made plants grow .
alex studied the delicate rather homely looking plant with its tiny pastel pink buds .
as she explained it , at the higher elevations many of the alpine plants were dwarfed to avoid the brutal winds and survive in the nutrient - poor substrate that could nt possibly maintain regular forest plants .
as she explained it , at the higher elevations many of the alpine plants were dwarfed to avoid the brutal winds and survive in the nutrient - poor substrate that could nt possibly maintain regular forest plants .
my people lived for centuries in these very same woods before they migrated to the northwestern great plains hunting buffalo and gathering wild plants .
mr . mcsweeney was staring at a patch of bunchberries with clusters of turgid , reddish fruit dangling from the plant .
he positioned petunias , pansies and geraniums in potted plants on either side of the front stoop and trimmed the flagstone walkway with a gas - operated weed whacker .
not a native plant to be seen , though i m hard pressed to think what might qualify .
stunning scenery in every direction , though ill admit to preferring plants over rock formations .
good mix of native plants and showier stuff .
then a tiny shock of green , the small plants that somehow found water .
i know its a wealthy area , and one rife with native plants and remarkable rock formations , so no surprise that the larger estates were done up nicely .
that mattered not a whit , according to veras neat cursive note on the back of a photo of the younger children posed by a large dried out cactus plant .
as she approached it , she noticed that the flooring was not like she saw it in her village church , with stone slabs , but everywhere was covered with dried reeds and meadow plants .
they came often to me , i gave them seeds and grains for new plants and crops , and they brought to me thanks for their fruits .
and as she silently and with only dark eyes stared into the distance , he added , your wolf is a delicate little plant ; but kuno appears born for rule , he looks long lived and robust .
on the outside , the house looked like every other house in the neighborhood , with a porch that expanded from the front steps and potted plants framing the entryway .
this man and woman were more innocent than i d been as a child , yet i knew they possessed an incredible potential to do harm to the animals , the plants , and themselves .
after much searching , the hawk found a fruit plant with large leaves like the serpent had requested .
he struggled to pull one free from the plant and was barely able to take flight with the awkward shape of the heavy leaf trailing behind him .
they were shown the plantation of taro and pineapples and the few cocoa plants which had survived for several generations .
the loud colours of the plants always made her think about confidence in her function as a teacher .
he was going to try and grow some coffee and cocoa plants which he would experiment with .
an observer forever not even a restless , interfering ghost , but instead merely watching his own earthly remains sag , shrink , disarticulate , enter the soil by way of the roots of plants , be carried away in the digestive systems of animals and scattered throughout the mountains , until only his loose - jointed bones remained .
much easier to picture the methodically unconventional poet , fretting in some tedious and endless london reception , pulling it out insouciantly to empty his bladder into the nearest potted plant or convenient grecian urn .
with a swashbucklers relish he releases the plant to watch it whip up into the air .
once i got back to the office we put our food on trays he had stacked in the corner behind a potted plant and ate quietly .
it turned to fertilizer and helped plants grow .
after a lot of stories like this by the little turtle , the turtle who was a squirrel before started to cry , and it and its entire family exploded into fiery light , then turning into different animals , including one silly human , except for one that was a plant .
there is a woman whom the character meets in this place who knows all the medicinal qualities of all the trees and plants within hundreds of miles of her .
sitting on a bench at one end of the park , the philosopher sees a person near a bench about fifty steps away at an other end of the park who is screaming with face pushed into the air ; the whole of the persons body next jerking towards the ground ; and , once lying at the foot of the bench , talking to plants and a scattered variety of objects .
flowers a botanical garden covering ten acres , full of thousands of plants and hundreds of trees collected from all over the worldthere are two women who live nearby in a home for elderly people .
there were pink desert rose bushes and fragrant plumeria plants growing alongside the rocks .
that is my notion about plants ; they are often bored , and that is why some of them become poisonous .
hans meyrick felt himself the pillar , or rather the twisted trunk , round which these feeble climbing plants must cling .
there was a proud toss of the head as she said this ; and when she walked downstairs in her black robes , there was just that firm poise of head and elasticity of form which had lately been missing , as in a parched plant .
red carpet was laid down for the occasion : hot - house plants and evergreens were arranged in every recess of the gallery ; and the old portraits made a piquant line of spectators .
she is capable of rejoicing that anothers plant blooms though her own be withered .
he drank in learning as easily as the plant sucks up water .
you will find your life growing like a plant .
he grinned , dumping the rest of his coffee into a sorry - looking plant on the neighbors balcony .
we had paused a few feet away from the drink bucket , near one of the small balconies lined with hanging plants .
we waited for a few minutes ; my gaze passed over the two gargoyles perched above the door , the lions head knocker that was too high to reach , the potted plants ringed with spider webs .
she s the best of what we had before we threw it all away or let the world take it from us or simply let it die like some hardy seeming plant that suddenly up and dies one day because we d neglected to water it or give it enough sun .
she asked , holding up a tiny plant bulb the size of a marble with a frail green shoot extending like a tail from one end and fine white roots hanging from the other .
and all around it , unbroken by plant or dune or structure , was more white sand , stretching off into the distance .
if joshs doctor could take me down the hall and plant that fertilized embryo with joshs dna in my uterus right this minute , i d do it .
there were no plants in our district only stone and mortar and powdery brown dirt that stained the hems of my skirts which never fit properly since they were my mothers old ones , adjusted only to fit my thin waist but not my height .
on closer inspection i realized it was the plant silphium my nose cringing at once and arm extending out as far as it could reach to hold it away from me .
though i kept myself mostly distant from my mothers ways , i knew i had seen a medicinal plant such as that before .
if enough of the tiny plant were ingested , and soon enough , it would successfully initiate the miscarriage of an unborn child .
it was the silphium , meant for terminating a pregnancy the dry plant garland evidently untouched , as the string still bound the small stalks tightly and the leaves were still intact .
though young and often nave of all that she quietly planned inside her head , at the very least i knew what it meant if she had nt ingested the plant by last week at the latest or any of it at all ever .
he looked the word up in the dictionary ( it was one word ) : ` ` a southern european plant with fragrant flowers that bloom in early spring '' .
in his current state of self - pity , the wallflower seemed like a very attractive plant indeed .
theo liked the contradiction of the blunt stone next to the creeping complexity of the plants and thought that this could make an interesting study .
filing cabinets stretched along one wall , and potted plants seemed to cover every available horizontal plane .
this machine , if i perfect it , will keep fruit fresh for months at a time- james nodded and stepped forward , you see , if i can get the electrical current slight enough , it mocks the fruits cycle on the plant where they do not ripen any further , heckerman looked down at a pile of brown mush in the corner , the thing is , if there is too much electrical current , they seem to cook and rot immediately .
mr . heckerman trimmed some leaves off of the potato plant .
its part of the plants natural protection .
he turned the vase so a different side of the growing plant was facing the window , its funny , with people , its the other way around .
they do , the potato is a very versatile plant .
james breathed in deep while he dug off to the side of the potato plants .
james , mr . heckerman looked at the plants , did you plant all of these potatoes ?
the cold air left layers of dew on the plants and leaves in the woods behind mr . heckermans house .
it was bolted to a vile stake stuck firmly , though savagely into the given green ground , as if on the front lawn of someones placid - looking home reading : test your manhood some other way than by shooting at harmless birds , plants and animals !
he held her hand as they climbed the curving staircase flanked by potted plants as big as trees .
she would yearn to see straggly plants breaking through concrete , or growing on rooftops in what seemed nothing but air and dust , the hearty fearless birds , and the sudden glimpses of fiercely blue sky , so prized for its impossibility .
in this regard , she was like one of those people who just ca nt grow plants , although , obviously many others can .
alessia also brought sachet to put under my pillow ( ` ` just some herbs i had hanging around '' ) , a gorgeous peach satin bed jacket ( ` ` do n't worry , it 's real old '' ) , and a green plant so huge the curtain rod bent under its weight .
` ` how many plants do you have , total ? ''
jared ducked his head to avoid the dangling babies of a spider plant , and immediately ducked the other way to escape the predatory clutches of a huge basket of ivy .
i have nt seen this many plants sincewell , for a long time . ''
that 's some old movie about plants taking over the world . ''
the plants could walk around on their roots and kill people with these poisonous stinger thingies . ''
his attention was caught by a delicate plant hanging in a shell - shaped planter .
` ` it 's a neat plant .
five little spider plants had outgrown their yogurt containers and shot out mini - babies of their own .
five adult plants poked inquisitive roots through the drainage holes of their containers .
close on his heels was waynes father , who had come to deliver the plant pots he let me store in his garage .
` ` and no standing on top of the dresser to put in plant hooks , young lady .
as i began to sort plant pots , wayne emerged from his place to join me .
she had lots of plants , like you do , and -- you would have loved her .
donna frahmann about the author donna frahmann lives with her husband judd , two insane cats , and an indoor rainforest of plants .
i may be a physical being struggling against other forces of life , with immune system a killing machine against bacteria and the entire organism consuming other animal and plant organisms it deems food , something that can not claim itself a moral being , but i am not as vile as nature itself .
the parish hall loomed in the dark , one of three long and low brick buildings with interconnecting lawns , splattered with desert plants , beneath a sky strewn with stars , the far mountains on the horizon slightly darker than the sky , and the light clouds here and there bothering the stars .
i saw a neighbors brick house , a ranch style brick , with a gravel front and three ocotillos , the whip - like plants that were barbed , planted in the center of the fan of the semicircular drive .
how could people get worked up , emotional and profoundly stirred , by an image of a banana ripening plant ?
which she knew , knew by the breath within her , this new life : more than seed , more than egg : a flower rose , stood up and felt the uprush of rising as if impelled by groundly exhale , this her plant self , with long roots oh !
then the interminable wait inside its sickly gray - white confines , with its uncomfortable black plastic chairs , the stacks of old magazines on veneer - covered coffee tables , the depressing lime - green artificial plants placed here and there , the television propped in a forgotten ceiling corner blaring reruns and infomercials .
he had condemned her to this : to exist in a forgotten half life in a lonesome ten - by - twelve - foot bedroom , her music forever stifled , her soul wilting as a plant wilts after being tossed into a dark closet , forgotten and ignored .
some of her plants had spilled over ; an old drinking glass had fallen from the kitchens bar and shattered ; and there was a new , interesting , lightning - shaped crack running from the corner of her living room window down into the carpet but by and large , everything else appeared undamaged .
at the carless driveway she stood , gaping at the yard ( the grass needed mowing , just as it did back on earth ) , at the chipped white picket fence and the long , rectangular splash of wildflowers running along the sidewalk in front of it , at the hanging plants over the front doors entrance , at the imposing white square of the closed garage door , trying to make herself believe it was all real .
it is so easy to quote gandhi , he said , while still working for the multinational corporation that genetically alters seeds so that the plants they produce mature and die , seedless , forcing poor farmers to starvation unless they buy more of those seeds each year .
the balconies were furnished artfully ; plants and vines completed each , giving them a distinct homey feel .
it is thought that this is how aquanus came to be populated by its rich and enormously varied plant and animal life , as well as sentient life : humans and keepers ( to name just two ) .
she followed the line of swamp , dodging rotten logs hosting colonies of plant life and plowing through lily - pad beds and pike grass like godzilla through tokyo .
the small splashes of her paddle and the rasping of water plants against the hull were all the noise in her world .
out in flin flon a man was examining his frost - killed plants , rescuing a few tomatoes to make into spaghetti sauce for the evenings meal .
and here they were at engaruka ; mycenean structures he recognised immediately as terraces and shelters for the protection of domesticated plants and animals .
this film was invariably trailered by a short from the moody institute which used trick photography to make plant life bearably interesting . )
kandowere stored the gems in the plant pots on kks verandah until one day , when the regional commissioner and his party climbed out of three brand new long wheel base land rovers , swept across the lawn and stepped up to see the old man on the verandah and inadvertently knocked one of the pots off its pedestal and down onto the herbaceous border at the front of the house below the raised verandah .
he also ate dirt , plants , paper , and paint .
she held her tightly , hoping that osmosis worked for people , and that maisy was soaking up willows love the way a plant soaks up sunlight and water .
willow heard ben hide a low chuckle , but it was a life filled with his extended family , the people he loved most , and the animals and plants he loved dearly .
the renewing scent of plants and earth , leavened by a slight tang of moisture in the air , became more distinct as she left the entrance behind .
although the native plants required little water , the overall effect was that of a lush , almost tropical exuberance .
unless she went out there herself , on private property , and identified the cactus plants in place , andwhat then ?
shed put her job , her promotion , her familys livelihood on the line for a patch of tiny cactuses that the majority of the ignoramuses who moved into tanks subdivision would walk right past and never seethat is , if any of the plants survived the perils of construction .
she glanced around the room , hung with the overflow of plants lyssa acquired from the college students who came and went every few years in adjacent apartments .
she toyed with the crisp greens coated lightly with walnut oil and wondered whether any of the ingredients were plants shed hoed or weeded over the weekend while at her parents farm .
the air carried the familiar scents of compost and goats , of damp earth and fallen leaves and hedge roses and the dense foliage of growing plants .
you do nt really like plants .
she loved plants .
lyssa , dear , it was nt the plants .
shed never brought in family photos or plants , but she had a drawer full of her experimental tea blends and a pot for boiling water , some reference books brought from home , and a few little things like a toothbrush , toothpaste , and a comb .
besides her stuff from work , she owned a few dishes and pans , a microwave that would be useless to her at the farm , some canned goods , clothing , books , dumbbells and hand weights , her collection of rescued plants .
do you like plants by proserpina better ?
lyssas work area was surrounded with hanging bunches of dried plants .
only people , plants , objects and sceneries were permitted .
she considered pushing it into the bushes and casting a hands - off spell on the living plants to guard it , but momma and daddy had told her not to use magic at school .
magic exists in everything ... water , air , rocks , plants , animals , people .
the trunk was covered with an array of mommas medicinal plants .
channie stroked the velvety leaf of a lemon balm plant with her index finger .
she needed those books , so she ignored the warning and lifted the plant .
channie had almost convinced herself that it was nt a problem ... when the plants began to glow .
turn your head away from the plants .
mommas spell was nt just a benign alarm meant to alert her if someone messed with her plants .
she could still see the fuzzy outline of momma and daddys bed , their dressing table , and the lacy pattern of the plants on top of mommas trunk .
momma must have put one hell of a red - handed spell on her plants .
from a spell momma put on her plants .
a piece of pottery hit me when the plants exploded .
channie suppressed the urge to chastise him for magically forcing the wildflowers to bloom out of season , causing irreparable damage to the plants .
at least the rest of the plants look good .
she regretted the damage to the plants , but she was impressed by the evidence of joshs power .
there were a few rose bushes left from the previous owner , but sprayberry apparently did n't have the touch with plants .
at noon the shadow of the tree like an enormous umbrella sheltered from the sweltering sun the thickets and bushes of akchhatti , dheki - fern , kukurshoka , datura and host of other herbs and wild plants .
the local people rajbonshis of the villages around and the madeshia laborers of the tea gardens had never seen such a mango tree elsewhere and it was mysterious to them how a mango tree was grown amidst the wild plants .
it took a few years to prepare the land , plant tea saplings and found the factory .
i , however , stick to the basics of sarna to love nature and plants .
if you love plants , how could you kill a vast tree ?
he felt a deep urge to propagate a new religion based on logic , brotherhood , rule of rational law and love for animals , plants and human beings irrespective of caste and creed .
there was a wasp - nest in a flower plant which she had not noticed and as soon as she tried to lower the bough she was stung by a wasp and she ran right over to me .
she needed to personalize this room with pictures for the walls and lots of plants .
the plants just slip out of the ground like they do n't have a hold of the earth .
he chatted encouragingly to her pot plants so that her apartment would be full of pretty blooms when she returned from the hospital .
the car by now smelled sweetly of plants but frances barely noticed .
the water gleamed aquamarine , flecked with the bleached white sails of boats , and spreading all the way up to our balcony were these glorious plants with long , flat leaves like a thousand feathers flapping .
he sniffed the plants and the branches of trees and , when he got up enough nerve , prodded them with his club - like fingers .
he spent the rest of the morning combing through the plants nearby .
iliff was careful to linger over the plants she chose , tasting their fruits and shoots .
they made many trips into the forest , troll for young trees , and iliff for a plant whose stalks could be opened and the stringy insides braided into lashing .
it consisted of strips of dried animal skin , braided just as he had braided the plant fibers to make lashing for their shelter .
knobby trees huddled on islands of sharp sedges and low plants .
thin gray carpet and thin flower - print bedspreads and a dead plant in the corner .
on top of that , my parents had thrown a garnish of eccentricity , packing the front yard with tropical plants and letting the grass flourish uncut .
mother straightened over a plant and glanced at her .
he swiveled around and marched back to the house , avoiding the sight of his wifes head looming in the window , as she supposedly watered the plants .
at first dan saw the green of patches of what he figured were rubber plantations then the fresh green of rice paddies with the shiny blue of water reflected here and there between the plants .
often used to impress others , gardeners interested in this plant will need to be vigilant that it does nt serve to create a false sense of worth .
when permitted , this plant can creep undetected throughout the garden , robbing other , less noticeable plants , of valuable nutrients as well as the gardeners time and attention .
when permitted , this plant can creep undetected throughout the garden , robbing other , less noticeable plants , of valuable nutrients as well as the gardeners time and attention .
when neglected this plant can create an environment for blight to flourish , threatening the entire garden .
growers choosing this seed may want to consider the impact it can have on the other plants in the garden .
once a root system has developed , it can quickly spread through the garden , crowding out other , less hardy plants , and robbing them of available nutrients .
though it can provide both beauty and comfort , this particular variety can easily become a demanding plant offering little in the way of yields .
well work it in real good with the tiller again and then well add more later if the plants show signs of needing it .
a plant , a tree , a bush , heck , even the seed of our dreams , is the first and most necessary step .
we sure ca nt grow a tomato plant without having a seed to begin with , but that 's only the first part .
but left untended , only a few of those seeds will become a fully realized , tomato - bearing plant .
as jamie finished his last row , he stopped for a moment to review the garden waiting in promise of the plants it would soon bear , and noticed that both the sun and the moon were still visible overhead .
he was stunned to see that in their absence the plants had sprouted , broken ground , and turned the barren dirt into a lush , green landscape of carrot tops , tomato bushes , onion sprouts , beets , and more .
anyway , it looks like the plants are nt the only thing that s been growing .
this is wild crazy , he said , reaching over to inspect a tiny , yellow bud that had just emerged from the tomato plant .
if they re not removed immediately , they ll choke out the plants you want , and come harvest you ll have little to nothing to show for your work .
the plants need to be watered , but if i take time to water them then the weeds start taking over in the other rows .
i feel as though i m spending more time and attention on the weeds than i am on the plants .
they were taking over the garden so quickly if i sat down for a moment or turned to take care of a plant then there was a chance i d lose everything anyway .
no , the plant did not pause for bobby finnegan .
cranston became known as a progressive plant .
he guided the plant through the tumult of the eighties and was considered the reason for the plants longstanding success .
i was drawn back in time to my childhood - playing in the glasshouse , amongst the ripening tomato plants .
it searches the cosmos , the infinitesimal sub - atomic world , the biological world of the body and all living creatures and plants .
my god , it still blew my mind that the human population had come that close and not immediately closed down all those types of plants .
the nursing home has plenty of color in its common areas but it lacks actual plant life , and i knew mags would like these .
and liza was by to water the plants a couple times , and i email with the wangs across the street .
i thought about this fertile soil blend , and how you need the good stuff , loose , tilled , and nutrient rich in order for the plants to grow .
we ambled with the other tourists and weekenders up and down bridgeway , pausing to admire the shorebirds and native plants and unusual artwork before settling near the landing .
admire the new plants at the dentists office , exchange in superficial chat with the hygienist , but glide right past the almost audible layer of tension buzzing around my fellow patients .
on the left were some potted plants , on the right two garden benches ; nothing else .
i asked her if she wanted to meet me at my apartment cause i had to clean out my refrigerator and water my plant .
jeanna had gone over and picked up her cat and plants and was planning to take care of them .
watch puffles for me and do nt forget to water those plants .
the plant ?
it will have to be the plant , although i did nt see him there yesterday .
that this flimsy panel was part of the same line of defence as those stout and sturdy doors struck grey not only as absurd , but also offered a commentary on the plants current state that its foundations may be deep , but the walls were made of chipboard .
we passed a few small homes set amidst banana plants and other fruit trees .
she probably has all sorts of dangerous plants in her back yard .
beyond this yard farther behind the house was a neatly maintained garden with mature plants of peas , lettuce , broccoli and cabbage .
there have been cards and flowers and plants coming in droves .
a green plant grew out of a pot on the landing .
he filled his plate and found a seat in the shadow of a large plant off in a corner of the restaurant .
i think that what may have happened is that the collonia plant put the bug in susan 's ear to undertake the accounting scam .
vendors sold wooden ukrainian easter eggs , tacky ashtrays , cigarette lighters and other trinkets , lotto tickets , and easter plants .
watering his plants ?
they got up and walked to the corridor , where cori again found herself beside the rampant flora and feeling the leathery leaves and soft fronds of the plants that brushed her as she stood even outside stella dunbars door , these are lovely though , are nt they ?
she felt something brush her cheek as she passed through the plants and tried the door .
when her flat on the second floor became available , she went through the whole house - buying and moving process just to be higher up in the building , and tucked in a corner where only one other resident would ever need to walk past : mrs cuthbert , who did nothing more distracting that listen to radio 3 and keep pot plants .
stella said shed look after the plants meanwhile , which we all knew meant that rachel would look after them .
well , you ve seen them yourself , those plants just grew and grew : god , its like the drowned world up there , what with rachel watering them and the sunlight they get in that corridor .
well , i d never been there at night and it scared me , those plants at the end of the corridor , their shadows .
god these people were good , she thought , and is it possible to match that if i gave you the actual plant ?
chlorophylls very similar plant to plant , but there might be something in the actual fibres .
forensics would already have checked the corridor outside stellas flat of course , but would nt have thought of needing samples of the plants .
the end of the corridor was wild , dark and full of plants , so i ran into them , pressed up against the back wall .
throughout the day new information had come in : reports on the plant matter found around stellas injuries proved inconclusive ; though the walking stick was definitely covered in blood , and there seemed no way it would nt be found to be charlie proves .
i was taken aback by the amount of lush , tropical plants in the small space .
the latter was a lofty affair with an open - beamed ceiling , skylights and hanging plants .
i nodded and looked around at the beautiful lobby with its high glass ceiling and many trees , plants and flowers .
the city had its three murals one on the history of sierra view , one on the animals and plants of the area .
the potted plant looked amazingly healthy but the leaves were dusty .
except for two unused mouse traps , a partial roll of shelf liner , and two small plant pots , they were bare .
a tall umbrella plant in a bronze pot graced the far side of the front window .
there was too much furniture , too many plants , and every bit of wall space was covered with photographs , pictures , two mirrors , and shelves of collectibles .
i enjoyed the scent of honey suckle , and the definitive odors of trees and garden plants going to sleep for the winter .
several plant pots were falling down from the second floor of the two - story house .
she hoped her mothers plants were still alive .
i think casey is a plant .
there were nt any attractive modular units , potted plants in brass urns , or employees dressed in the latest power suits .
she surveyed her office walls with their numerous nail holes and immediately missed her wallpapered office and hanging plants .
after making a mental note to bring in some plants from home , she cranked open one of the windows .
chapter 14 sam poured water on the miniature rose bush , azalea , and other assorted potted plants on the windowsill in her office .
all of her office plants were usually taken home just before last rites , resuscitated by abby or alex , and then returned to her office only to have the whole process repeated again in four to six months .
a poor attempt had been made to give the room some semblance of homefloral paintings , potted plants , a quilt thrown over a rocker .
the flowers , trees , plants , and animals , they are all the children of nature , he could almost hear her say .
that is where the rare plants and the butterflies are , if you have the wit to reach them . '
there was a spider plant in the window .
ann deserved credit for the choices of colors , artworks , and plants .
she tried not to think of martin and katya as a plant by her mysterious nemesis .
the detective observed everything : images of saints , invitations , encyclopedia , bible , paints , vases , plants , flowers and photos with the family and friends .
the same catechist was there , trimming the favorite plants of father lzaro .
she must have done something really wrong in other incarnations to deserve a life like this one : praying all the time so that god would save her soul , gossip about the lives of others and trimming the priests plants .
when i got in , i saw a man watering a tomato plant , despite of the rain in the previous night .
yes , i have quite an assortment of pepper plants .
i inherited both his love of hot foods and a whole bunch of his plants .
there was a book on plants that she thought zoe would like , and a couple of mysteries that ivan might be able to sell in his shop .
she wanted to get the book on plants to zoe so , after shed parked her truck and trailer at home , she walked over to the b & b .
thought you might be interested in knowing that some kind of plant toxin showed up in riley andersonuh , pierre cantones system .
beside the driveway were some short plants that shed never noticed before .
she found an old sack on the back seat of the truck and carefully wrapped a few stems of the plant in it .
she would ask zoe , her friendly plant expert .
the plant that sam had found at the anderson place .
she put in a call for beau , needing to tell him about the deadly plant , and then made a sandwich and flopped into a chair at the kitchen table while she waited for him to call back .
she handed him the plastic sack with the plants in it .
you told me that some kind of plant toxin showed up in pierre cantones autopsy tests .
ca nt they tell if this is the plant toxin that was in cantones body ?
a poisonous plant like thisaccidental ?
you d be surprised how many people experiment with plants in their yards , sam .
beaus comments about both tying the plant residue to the nephew and verifying it as the cause of cantones death made her realize that simply finding evidence did not prove a crime .
and , we still do nt know that the uncle did nt pick those plants himself and carry them into the house .
but you could build a case based on lab proof that the poisonous plant toxin was in the house and on the will .
and ill bet its the same plant toxin the lab showed in cantones body .
that way , if the prints are bart killingtons we can tie him to the poisonous plant .
i m going to have to find a plant expert who can give us an idea whether there is enough of the substance here to be fatal .
if not , all bart has to do is claim that yes , he picked some of the plants and then came inside and touched a variety of places in the house .
he swears he knows nothing about any poisonous plant , that he never harmed his uncle .
residue of the plant is all over his bedroom .
that had to be the place where he ground up the plant and added it to the old mans food or drink or whatever .
the prints of plant residue that we lifted do nt match bart killington .
maybe the prints belonged to the artist himself and maybe he really had picked the plants and eaten them .
they d all have access to the plants , and maybe one of them was a whole lot angrier than we realized .
not one of those plant residue smudges matched with anything we got from cantone .
someone who handled both the poisonous plant and the paintings .
knew about her finding the poisonous plants .
bart had apparently jabbered away all afternoon , telling how carolyn had begun gathering this plant that she told bart was an herbal remedy for insomnia , which the older man had suffered for years .
bart claimed that he never made the connection between the plant and his uncles increasing illness .
` ` to be honest dear , it looked to me like you were conversing with a plant .
you were n't talking to a potted plant yesterday , were you ? ''
mexico and columbia have recently joined asia and the golden triangle ( burma , laos and thailand ) , as major growers of the opium poppy plant , the source of heroin .
the cadre of basque sympathizers introduced him to the columbian and nicaraguan cartels that manufactured the raw material from the poppy plants .
most of the color in the roombrilliant yellows , palmetto greens , and fuchsiacame from fresh cuttings of local plants and flowers .
i trying to get the local farmers to use fish to fertilize their plants .
the vegetation was short and sparse here , the salty ground untenable for most plants .
oswald agatha entered through the door that connected the greenhouse to the hardware store , and discovered oswald bending over some strange looking plants that were under some lights .
he is grumpier than usual was mad at the council meeting , while others were sad and shocked i think he knows more than meets the eye on the page entitled , oswald benson , she added : had strange looking plants that he obviously did nt want me to see was glad the mayor was murdered wanted to shake the hand of the murderer he was hiding something she started another page on elizabeth smith that read : saw oswald finishing up a conversation with max i think she saw something and is afraid to say it agatha pondered over her notes , and wishing she knew more .
he was in the greenhouse bending over some strange looking plants that were under some lights .
nana , what did the plants look like ?
agatha described the green plants with narrow pointed leaves that fanned outward .
tell me the exact spot where you saw the plants .
upon entering the greenhouse , mazies eyes searched for the location where her grandmother had seen the plants .
bending over to pick it up , she looked under the bottom shelf and spotted one lone stem of a marijuana plant .
he had seen mazie deliberately drop her purse right where the marijuana plants had been located when her grandmother had walked in on him earlier that day .
then she told james all she and the girls had learned thus far -- the shifting of the papers in maxs study , the missing scarf , the unlocked back door , the marijuana plants in oswalds greenhouse , his argument with the mayor the night of the murder , and the fact he had cyanide in his shed .
he had some furniture in his truck , along with the marijuana plants .
it seems that mayor mueller had seen the marijuana plants in the greenhouse some time ago , and had been blackmailing him ever since .
max had seen the plants , knew what they were and decided to make a little money on the side for himself .
the inside had been hollowed out and contained the following items : more clippings about the sacramento bank robberyone of which included a clearer photo of babs mahoney , photographs of oswald bensons marijuana plants , and an envelope addressed to greta .
delilah expertly keeps me safe while crossing the street , but indoors she leads me straight into furniture , people , and potted plants with gleeful abandon .
i turned toward him , tapping out a half - circle to make sure i was n't about to walk face - first into a potted plant .
by that time , murphy was in the room with his video camera , smelling like a tobacco plant , humming the dentist from little shop of horrors .
i heard him say , sure , ill do that , when all of a sudden she marched right up to him and literally ( honest to god himself and any other man , plant , or animal you choose to swear to ) no good , low down dirty kissed him .
in the yard , destroying their finely tuned grass and tomato plants . ''
` ` and i was an adult for the whole running over the tomato plants thing . ''
` ` and you were scared of them discovering the dead tomato plants . ''
` ` kyle ran over your tomato plants with his dirt bike . ''
` ` you destroyed my tomato plants ? ''
teri admired the abundant foliage of the various potted plants that stood about the room .
father pollicciano nodded , leaned out of his chair , looked around for a place to put his cigarette then pushed it into the soil of a pink potted plant .
having a degree in horticulture , i always had an opinion about plants in general and authored the ask jillian column in the gardening section of the san francisco enterprise .
we concluded our meal discussing the nature of african plants and paid our separate checks .
when it was over , hugh invited everyone to taste the plants .
well , i love plants , and good food .
were actually sponsoring this conference with plant specimens and speaker fees .
reginas field was plant spores .
the first article is entitled , the migration of plant spores in north america , and the other is , listen to this ... indigenous spores of the venus flytrap !
inside were bits of plant material concealed by a plastic coating .
those are plant spores .
why was regina in possession of plant spores ?
we found a cameo ring filled with plant matter , an address for the venus flytrap , expensive clothes and jewelry worn by regina , and presumably the fact that spencer hausman had embezzled funds .
dominique , do nt you know someone who does research on plant spores or bio - terrorism ?
we did extraordinary research in the area of migrating plant spores .
these men tell me the substance found in the cameo ring was indeed dead plant material but there were no dangerous spores .
chief , why would regina carry useless plant material around like that ?
from the looks of the yard i d say regina knew what she was doing with plants .
forensics found dead plant matter in a cameo ring in reginas room after she was murdered .
he may know where the brachystegia plant matter grows and who exports it .
she must have had innocent intentions at first when she wrote about the plant spores .
dominique told me you did research on plant spores used in bio - terrorism .
specifically , i do research on the brachystegia flower and those plants related to it .
in zambia , there are still archaic tribes who concoct killing poisons from plants .
they only know that the plant matter , when dried , and then mixed with sap from certain succulents , produces a deadly poison that can be used on darts and spears .
he ... was just checking on a. thomas interjected , a plant was nt doing well and he wanted to try a soil amendment to see if it would help .
paintings of tropical getaways hung on the walls with artificial palm trees and tropical plants rounding out the south of the border theme .
you and regina were working together to illegally import toxic plant material for terrorists to use in biological warfare .
regina wrote articles about plant spores and spencer hausman had plagiarized them .
a foreign interest had gotten hold of information that linked them to the anatolias bay data research corporation which did research on plant spores and other plant properties .
a foreign interest had gotten hold of information that linked them to the anatolias bay data research corporation which did research on plant spores and other plant properties .
the wall adjacent to the broken window contained another window that faced the driveway , and below it sat a sprawling christmas cactus upon an oak plant stand , a plastic doily between pot and wood .
no pool table , no electronic game machines , and no potted plants .
gray suds oozed from under a stiff brush and down the steps to soak into the earth around the denuded plants .
this was all new to christopher ; he could n't remember when he had last come along here , and now he stared in puzzlement at the twee balconies and incongruous mediterranean white washed walls and brightly coloured creeping plants .
tell him you 're the maid , or the neighbor watering the house plants .
it seemed as if the plants all conspired to be rid of the winter blahs in the few short hours i 'd been gone .
before me lay an empty expanse of lawn , dotted with a few specimen plants and evergreens .
there were enough plants to populate a small rain forest .
i have seen , with mine own eyes , how their powder , cultivated from some unknown plant , renders their victim not unlike a animated mannequin .
the smell of death gave way to fresh plant life .
but what is this about some plant you 're opposed to ? ''
i did nt like the word dangerous : it was like an unexploded bomb , or a loaded gun in the wrong hands , or a plant with pods so poisonous that if they burst the whole population of england would die .
she had read this morning they were predicting snow later today , which meant she needed to get the snow salt ready and make sure her plants were covered along with her pipes .
he never dreamed of making silk of cobwebs , or porcelain of broken bottles ; but he chiefly studied the properties of plants and animals ; and soon acquired a sagacity that made him discover a thousand differences where other men see nothing but uniformity .
she was shopping at the nursery and wanted some advice on plant choices .
chapter five after spending the day at nurseries buying plants for the cramers project , i got home at a decent hour with enough time to relax in the yard with the dogs , take my shoes off , and enjoy some ice tea .
the healthy , lush plants already looked at home and the native grassesfescue , bluestem , prairie switchgrassstood tall and glistening , back lit by the sun .
we walked up the flagstone steps to a front courtyard filled with blooming plants , gushing fountains , and a large gorman bronze sculpture .
one late afternoon after work , listening to a rockies game as they continued their disappointing slide , i was at the office blackboard sketching out plant vignettes and the phone rang , my friend isabelle mcwilliams at the other end .
i wondered , my knees in the dirt for traction , holding one end of a large nursery container so liz could remove the plant .
i thought about how much better it was to work with plants rather than people like andrea brubaker .
i d already covered my garden to protect it , and had seen to my clients susceptible plants , as well .
linda has also worked in the publishing and newspaper industries as an art director ; owned a graphic design firm ; and been a warehouse worker packaging seeds until she found her calling in the plants and dirt of gardening that led to the words and world of writing .
potted plants filled with flowers hung across the front porch , knick knacks of every size and shape littered the walls , hung from shutters , sat perched out by the walkway in welcome .
from seed to harvest , he learned every step of the process , could identify plants based on their leaf shape , their smelleven count the days to corn harvest from the first sign of yellow - green silk .
through the black trunks of trees , leaves of green , over rocks and plants , he was alone .
who knew there were so many amazing similarities between men and plants ?
chapter 5 my mother prepares dishes out of plants i ' ve never heard of , and i ' m sure most people would never even consider them as a source of food , so i usually prefer to go hungry rather than eat lunch at her place .
curtains and hanging plants made it cool and pleasant inside .
there was a longer desk up front with a big plant on it .
when she lifted a plant up to grab a key and let herself in sebastian put the wheels in motion for operation breaking and entering .
the speakers were hidden behind some plants , a bookcase , and a spittoon .
the plants were doing their key west thing .
as soon as we get home , she continued , well plant row after row of it .
for you , my dear , ill plant a whole meadow of the stuff , he said .
i suppose one way of describing it was rather like a ginger beer plant simply add a little more liquid and watch it grow and grow .
i promised to check their messages , water plants , feed the cats , file and straighten out any messes that cropped up .
momll be pissed if i do nt water the plants and feed the cats .
someone had over - watered the potted plants that lined the stairs and a trickle of water went down to a small pool on the brick walkway .
the lobby was low budget and over decorated , as if a lot of fake plants make people forget they re fake .
i did nt want to dig , prune , or plant .
love walked on , his jacket brushed against an umbrella plant .
love looked back at him through the organised chaos made up of filing cabinets , books , old - fashioned trusted methods rubbing shoulders with the highest and most sophisticated technical data , and a brown spider plant .
a dead spider plant sat forlornly on the window sill .
the two men turned from her desk to walk down the carpeted corridor passing prints on the wall bought from argos and a selection of artificial trees and plants sitting in their large brass pots purchased from b & q .
sitting in the corner of the room was a terracotta plant pot inside of which was a cheese plant so large it was in danger of taking over the whole office space .
sitting in the corner of the room was a terracotta plant pot inside of which was a cheese plant so large it was in danger of taking over the whole office space .
he stared at the wilting spider plant through narrowed eyes .
a plant sat on the window sill .
he thought of the spider plant back in the office and told himself if its the last thing he did he d water that damned thing .
large plants in containers were placed in all four corners of the room .
it was a small office full of medical books , dictionaries , a few personal objects and plants of all description green and thriving unlike the one back in their office .
and those healthy green plants .
do share with me your secret in how you keep your plants looking so good .
leafy green plants were dotted about the place .
he was going to water that sorry - ass spider plant if it was the last thing suddenly his mobile rang .
millicent in her mind compared august in witchmoor to august in seville and the airless shimmering heat that rocked buildings , dried plants , cracked the earth and drove those who could afford it to the relative cool of the coast .
lush green plants filled every corner .
take it easy , asshole , hopper seethed , afraid he was going to do another face plant onto the gravel road .
we ca nt take the chance they are nt plants ; already members of the group , boone stated suspiciously .
street vendors crowded the street itself selling everything from house wares to trinkets , plastic bowls to potted plants , and clothing to gold chains .
the geneticists had done so much to popular food plants that their old names were no longer strictly accurate in some cases .
caffeine had been genetically removed from all varieties of the plant back in the last century .
was the resulting plant still coffee ?
there were at least two kinds of plant , one of them like some variety of cabbage and another that looked as if it might have been a root crop of some kind .
the insecticide pyrethrum comes from a plant related to the chrysanthemum .
some big company had genetically engineered insecticidal genes from pyrethrum in to a mid - latitude chrysanthemum plant , so the americans could grow it themselves instead of importing it from the tropics .
you have to transplant a whole plant , and a bunch of nomads did n't carry a tropical plant across the bering straight in the ice age !
you have to transplant a whole plant , and a bunch of nomads did n't carry a tropical plant across the bering straight in the ice age !
it does n't seem odd to me that the ancient peoples should sail the atlantic or pacific and reach america that way , probably with banana plants .
i can just see the settlers missing their bananas and sending a boat home for some plants .
there are serapes made of agave cactus thread - you can use that bloody cactus for anything : make tequila with it and get drunk , make thread for a hammock or a serape and rest , make dye ... useful plant that .
` ` to move people and plant to higher ground before the floods , '' she said .
as for plant , you ca n't move something like , say , the circle line tube or victoria station . ''
mr . hornblower was a retired businessman , who had a penchant for gardening , so they discussed the pros and cons of genetic plant engineering .
i could see that it would be useful to have all of one kind of plant growing in one place and we could do with a lot more of some things too .
it seemed to me that the only way to plant enough and still have time to hunt while you waited for your plants to grow was to use an ox to help you break the ground .
trees grow on flatter land but the heights themselves are rocky and bare , with no trees and just a few scrubby bushes , thorns and the odd cactus plant .
i smiled picturing the bustling woman so immersed in her plant care business .
he did nt come to mind immediately because he moved around from plant to plant .
we 'll also need a plastic border along the edge to keep plants from encroaching . ''
she 's interested in the healing potential of plants , both in the herbs and in what she calls ' high vibration gardening . ' ''
` ` it 's a new concept she came up with , using specific plants to create an environment that encourages certain mental and emotional states .
she says it 's like the music woo - woo people who claim listening to mozart aligns chakras , but with plants . ''
or was it just a sale on potted plants at home depot ?
lia brought the plant into her studio .
i ' m sorry , i was supposed to meet bailey at the greenhouse five minutes ago to pick out plants for catherine 's garden . ''
` ` she wants an aromatherapy garden , and she wants all native plants and she wants a lot of big , showy blossoms .
in other words , she thinks we can somehow magically make everything she wants into a therapeutic plant with ohio ancestry . ''
` ` i like native plants .
` ` the thing is , '' bailey said , ` ` she 's going to have to choose between aromatherapy and native plants .
` ` steering her towards native plants is the responsible thing to do .
the plants wo n't be established for her party .
she glowered at the spiny plant , jerked out her phone .
` ` she also told me about that plant at krohn conservatory that blooms every hundred years and stinks like rotting meat , but i did n't think you 'd go for that one . ''
you ' ve got her being smug about her plants not being jammed in like sardines . ''
` ` it just took citing a few eco - conscious hollywood types who ' ve gone the native plant route , giving her a few names to drop .
brightly colored fish darted among rocks and aquatic plants .
i hope i get to see it when the plants are established .
he knew he could n't walk lia 's mosaic path because it might contaminate evidence , but he regretted the damage to the plants .
` ` catherine figured there might be some damage to the plants with everyone wandering around last night .
they were in alma 's small back - yard greenhouse , repotting her overabundance of root - bound aloe vera plants .
she gave him a sympathetic pat and two of the plants for his apartment .
the bloom had faded weeks ago , so she was painting the succulent green body of the plant .
during her last session , she painted the body of the plant .
as she drew the spines on the plant , she felt them , like pricks to her heart .
goldfinches build on the ends of the tree branches and line their nests with the dander from the thistle plant , laurel told her .
sure there might be a park or two , and if you were lucky enough , you could have a few plants in a window box outside your kitchen sink , but there was something about being out in a forest that could not be replicated .
botzi walked out followed by banjo , who had by now sniffed every pot plant in the room not knowing why , as he was built without genitals , but still had some redundant dogs life programming code in his processor .
the gay best friend was definitely a plant .
he was a plant .
you re worried i was a plant .
maybe she is a plant , maybe they knew she would be rescued and they sent her here to destroy us !
amelia , she is not here because she is a plant .
reginald moves slowly now , finally stopping before a man crouched over tomato plants .
now , speaking of my competitors , i hope to hell they were nt plants .
our chaps dug one bullet out of the grandfather clock , found one in the wall and the third was lodged in the roots of an aspidistra plant , but they never found the gun or the gunman .
canute tugged at a long piece of seaweed and shook his head , fighting the plant .
i think she was named after a plant or something .
there s no tropical plants growing in the wild in northern new jersey .
they followed the steps down to the entrance of colossus , stopping to snap photos of the contorted rocks and varied plants along the way .
frannie examined each of plants around the entrance to the cave looking for wildflowers that she could identify .
we have plants in mexico and china .
the plants were swiping at the car with their leaves and ears of ripening corn , the noise of the slapping competing with the bullets whining overhead and striking the back truck of the roadster .
the car left the path and tore through the corn plants , knocking them one side or the other as the vignale designed body of the car sliced between the stalks .
the car bent down in the back as it accelerated , the dual pipes spitting smoke into the dirt and mud , the corn plants scraping underneath the frame .
moments passed as the car sailed in the air across the ditch , the ten feet of open space until the front wheels tore into the plants and furrows at the other side .
he was ankle deep in mud and water plants before he stopped .
i had some time to kill and my stomach was screaming at me like audrey , the starving plant , in the little shop of horrors .
no , coffee rust is a disease that devastates the plants and spreads easily .
she s always been around plants .
some of the local environmentalists decided that she must be promoting genetically modified organisms , better known as gmos , infusing the plants with specifically modified genes to increase crop production .
these environmentalists focus on one or two issues and ignore the fact that people like lara also work hard to preserve heirloom plants .
those heirloom tomatoes might be big and juicy , but you ll only get a small batch from each plant .
and now the new trend botany is grafting , because you can get some of those important traits without genetically altering the plant itself .
they finished up the day with a hunt through a local rainforest on behalf of the plant extinction prevention program , collecting several specimens and seeds as part of the program to conserve and propagate rare native plants .
they finished up the day with a hunt through a local rainforest on behalf of the plant extinction prevention program , collecting several specimens and seeds as part of the program to conserve and propagate rare native plants .
as much as i had grown up outdoors , amidst the plants cultivated by my parents and grandparents , i still had little experience with scorpions .
you ca nt have plants without them .
i had no doubt she was a woman at ease in the wilderness , willing to get dirty while pursuing her passion for plants .
barb tells me her tomato plants are confused by the heat .
i wipe the leaves of my pothos plants with a washcloth .
the stationary half of the sliding glass doors was fronted by a set of stainless steel shelves holding all of my porch plants .
the large rosemary plant earned a top shelf location with its bushy leaves .
several jalapeo plants joined it there .
a rose plant on the corner delighted me with its delicate fragrance .
lower shelves held a variety of basil plants , from the standard italian basil to cinnamon and thai .
the bottom shelf held several petunia plants .
large colonials with three - car garages were creeping into orchards and wheat fields as if a wave of kudzu were sending curling tendrils over native plants .
i have to go water claires plants , i added .
and her plants have been neglected while you were on this trip with her ?
claire has a couple of houseplants that she tends to treat as if they were children rather than plants .
bright red roses , vibrant daisies , and colorful plants mixed into the luscious garden as if it were a kaleidoscope of plant life .
bright red roses , vibrant daisies , and colorful plants mixed into the luscious garden as if it were a kaleidoscope of plant life .
finally , he looked at it and then he rudely returned to watering the plants .
evan was watering the plants .
she worked in it , grooming the flowers and plants shed planted last fall .
she listened and continued to rake the straw at the base of the plant in the garden .
we went out there together one saturday to look at the plants for some work i had to do to make this office look natural with landscaping and such .
three eggs have hatched open as the little babies slowly crawl out of a ground nest of brown twigs and green plant ferns over the sandy brown soil to her .
epilogue the plant stand came down with a crash , sending the potted fern rolling toward the door .
when he turned away for a few seconds , she dropped the bag on the ground behind a plant .
i have brought the soil of our own vineyard and salted each plant with its native earth .
the house is surrounded by beautiful profitable white cotton plants , a grove of sour oranges by mouth but yummy in salads , a peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables .
emma sits inside an ugly floral sofa belonging in a clown museum with a peachy - beige background splattered with hundreds of hand - sized flowers of red , yellow , blue , pink , orange , and blue tickling their green curvy leaves around each other like a batch of gay plants .
he steals the desk chair rolling it across the wood , plants in front of the closed door of the entertainment center .
the plant life is a little different .
trent pointed out interesting plants and animal habitats as well as narrating a history of the area .
i m surprised the potted plant next to me did nt wilt with the alcohol i fed it and i estimate that i consumed one drink to his three which made it easy to pick the locker key from his pocket .
couch - grass pushed through the gravel of the drive and the only plants were hardy shrubs that were capable of looking after themselves .
doctor , do you know anything about plants ?
a friend of mine has a plant he called something like cannibals .
cannabis is the family to which the marijuana plant belongs .
i do nt know what the xs mean , unless it is a code used by the individual who raised the plant .
as i told you , i have an interest in botany , and a friend , a fellow countryman i ve known since boyhood , is at present doing his doctorate in plant physiology here in cleveland at case western reserve university .
the plant , or weed as you call it .
this is the result of the gel chromatography i ran on the plants you brought me .
mr . eddie , we now have proof that your plant contains the schizoprotein i spoke about .
you recall the changes that occurred in the rat when patel injected the extract of the plant ?
well , he has created a chemical that fools the body into believing it has received the plant extract and blocks the transformation .
both the extract of the plant you provided and the blocking agent he developed .
a chemical in that plant causes a change in your body and mind .
you have no more of that particular plant , have you ?
her eyes darted back and forth at the trees and related plant life .
hannah weeded the late summer garden and searched her tomato plants for any remaining tomatoes .
when i walk into a room with them , i am as likely to be noticed as the plant in the corner .
oleander is a plant that grows naturally .
` ` i almost sprained my wrist pulling out those plants at home , believe me i know what they look like and i am looking at a bush that is about fifteen feet high growing over the fence just in front of me . ''
it 's a common plant in la .
at some point someone thought it would make a great screening plant to hide the house from hikers .
i organized my desk and watered all the plants in the office before leaving .
sara moved away from the doors and toward the far end of the balcony where a myriad of potted plants huddled .
another plant with red flowers and stems clothed with woolly hairs of a reddish / purplish color was unique , but she was disappointed that the flowers did nt have a scent .
wrought iron railings and an abundance of hanging plants gave the room an outdoor ambiance .
bending down , he pulled on a number of plants to make sure they were real .
the verandah outside the lobby of the dunes resort was spacious and ornate displaying large urns of potted plants .
dagger stepped back into the room , his eyes searching , then settling on a plant with red flowers .
padre walked around the plant with the woolly leaves and red flowers .
unconcerned about dirt being spilled on the floor , luke gave the plant a shove , sending the plant tumbling , spilling the dirt and smashing the terre cotta pot .
unconcerned about dirt being spilled on the floor , luke gave the plant a shove , sending the plant tumbling , spilling the dirt and smashing the terre cotta pot .
then she remembered seeing an identical plant on the balcony .
i scrambled through the arrowhead plants , through the willow underbrush , over some slippery smooth rocks , and into the pines at the shore .
the rope came in until the body was a dark shape floating among the green arrowhead plants that had once formed the staple diet of the natives .
the bay leading to the lake by the normal path was a tangled mass of water plants on top of brown shining mud .
as we passed close to the shores of the lake , bob carried on a non - stop description of the plants we passed .
lift up the moss , and you can find the bones of plants and animals , and other plants and animals madly having it off , trying to make new life before something kills them .
lift up the moss , and you can find the bones of plants and animals , and other plants and animals madly having it off , trying to make new life before something kills them .
the windows are full of tiny plants desperately trying to survive in mugs with cracks or missing handles .
i snapped off a lone milkweed plant along the shore , then blew its seeds into the air .
she turned to watering the plants in the bay window .
the young ones start off eating insects and water plants , but when they get big they move out and also go after other fish .
for the same reason , she had no pets or plants .
i did nt give a rats ass what he thought about the one aloe vera plant dead in front of the window .
if i d moved the dead aloe vera plant from the window and tipped it over on the floor to the left of said window , he d have met me at the airport with some cash .
not that there was a cat to feed or plants to water .
cats did nt like me and only the hardiest of plants could survive my inattention .
for a place so devoid of live plant life , it always seemed oddly beautiful to me .
the room 's walls were soft pink , trimmed in shades of plum ; there were several healthy green plants ; simply - framed watercolors of abstract mists and lights broke up the sameness of the walls .
there is something about growing things in the middle of a busy city , like these few shrubs and plants , that affect us .
we , too , are growing , living things and are related to these very plants .
the plant looked like some giant green muppet that was eating the roof and would eventually get at all the inhabitants .
spots of color indicated rose bushes and azaleas , two of my favorite plants .
several plants scattered around the study droopy , i noticed , stifling a yawn and adding another chore to my mental to - do list .
plenty of hiding places ; plants and trees grew thick and lush , excellent hiding spots for someone bent on murder .
none of katys plants drooped , nor did spider webs dust the ceiling corners .
a lot of katys roses were scores old , planted by the various women over the generations , the plants an intriguing mixture .
the berries of the new caledonian amborella plant .
all to get this amborella plant .
well need a plane to ship the plants in that can get into columbia when were done collecting them in the islands .
kooch offered to help with air transit , and plans were made to get 100 transplantable amborella plants safely transported to hawaii .
it was departing from its host , black and wet , looking like a plant 's root system .
all along the base of the windows were low pedestals holding large urns meant for plants .
instead of curtains , foliage plants in hanging containers softened the windows .
between each piece of the pie was a narrow path and different plants grew in each piece .
jesse headed in the direction of his greenhouse to check his inventory of plants he had on hand .
* * * lunch time friday , i spent at a nursery , watching the bumper of my pickup sag closer to the ground as an assortment of shrubs and flowering plants were loaded into the bed .
afterwards , i gestured toward the potted plants that we 'd positioned to keep the guests from walking into the guy wires .
despite what the young girl becky had said , nicholas was a dedicated gardener ; various herbs , plants and flowers were carefully and tastefully located in different parts of the yard .
no plants or pictures on the walls , no rugs across the cold and uneven concrete floor , not even a lamp with a shade to make the night watchmans station less wretched .
fragile in her slender black gown , hilda pinkey evoked a memory of an earlier age of gracious living as she moved from guest to guest among the few pieces of white - painted wicker furniture , glass - topped tables and hanging plants .
small plants had stuck their little heads through the ground , and were now blooming all over the place .
` ` i did n't say i was quoting it , there 's a name for their plant but i he twisted his napkin around his fingers .
the stench of inadequately rotted manure caused regular complaints from the other allotment holders , and weeds seemed to be the only plants that flourished in her plot .
chewter was nt interested in flowers and plants , so he just left it to harry .
decent fellow , knows a bit about plants .
helford stood looking up at the climbing plant over the door frame .
jeff dean , who was a keen gardener himself , appreciated the delightful way that the rectangular space had been broken up by curved beds , with paths winding along to disappear behind tall plants .
so you think keen gardeners would put plants above romance ?
i was right , then , about the plant by his front door ?
oh , yes , that climbing plant - yes , dean , you were quite right .
i had a feeling it was a plant i d seen before , so i got harry tanner to look at it .
i gave the windowsill in there a lick of paint on friday morning , to cover up where my pot plant had left a mark .
i need to stop the paper for a few days and water the plants .
her mother had taught her the names of the plants growing along the trails : saguaros , ocotillos , barrel cacti , and palo verdes .
she looked down at her feet , searching for signs that she stood where the womans body had been discovered , but all she saw were clumps of red rock and a few straggly desert plants .
the garden had all kinds of plants , flowers , and trees .
plants : in pots , plots , boxes , beds , and barrels , l.a . plants obsessively .
plants : in pots , plots , boxes , beds , and barrels , l.a . plants obsessively .
why plant seeds ?
the living room was beverly hills baroque : all busy fabrics and plants distributed as if to dress a set .
chapter 8 seattle , like all modern cities , is a plant whose heart has died but whose leaves continue to flourish .
all three were seduced by the stamina and will power required to travel up stream on swift flowing rivers , cross extensive fields of cacti , thorns , forests and plains , defend against indian attacks , climb high mountains , find food and shelter in all kinds of weather and still keep a detailed journal of the journey including minutiae descriptions of plants and animals encountered .
it was hard not to make a noise in the dark woods ; there was much plant debris on the ground and his vision was not sufficiently attuned to the limited light to be able to avoid the worst pitfalls .
tea , vince repeated , assuming an air of pomposity to quell the mini - rebellion , is a plant , an infusion of the leaves of which in boiling water produce a popular beverage of the same name .
the reassuring feel of the hard bridge beneath his feet was quickly replaced by the slippery earth and loose plant debris of the wood , as rob veered off left from the main path and took a short cut perpendicular to the towpath , directly up the sloping bank of earth that led to the foot of the tall tree .
across the marshy panorama , their bright , white heads reared and twisted , like prehistoric creatures in an antediluvian swamp , shifting twigs and plant debris , building up the sides of their reed - based love nest , their serpentine necks entwining sensuously before separating once again .
art stopped to admire one tall tree , its straight bole mantled by ivy , the araliaceous plant looking like a green tornado spiraling up towards the sky .
in truth , the villa was rather shabbier than others the family had stayed at in the past , and upon the surface of the swimming pool a thin film of dead plant matter floated , making the water appear less than inviting .
other scenarios he pictured , no less dismal , were that the decomposing plant matter would cause a massive build up of methane in his unventilated dungeon and that he would suffocate or be slowly poisoned , this though would probably be preferable to the most likely outcome : that he would die a slow and painful death through lack of water .
ruth is a plant .
lush tropical plants everywhere , large palm trees and a pool house with chaise lounges covered with thick fluffy white towels .
the sea air and wind had kept stunted the plants that tried to grow back .
look under the plant pot jane motioned with her head .
and i have a proper look , but its hard to make out much with all the flashes going off welcome to my world apart from the potted plants and tiles and pink walls ... its the mamounia hotel , chiara says just as i m thinking / remembering it .
the garden at the back of the house was filled with herbs and vegetables ; amanda was not one for flowers or fancy plants .
if i am the stooge then there must be more , unknown plants and plots .
from high on a hill i look down on a rush of nature , on trees , grass , bush and plant .
pots , which once held live plants , sat in order , and sculptures covered in ivy gleamed around them .
curb appeal was especially important to the mother and daughter , so they decided to get lots of pretty plants .
she stuck her hand through and moved the plant , seeing rain pelting the earth .
its dark hardwood floor gleamed under the layers of wax that coated it ; the numerous plants tall ferns and mini - palms were green and lush ; the walls were brightly painted in reds and blues , accented by gold leaf along the molding .
next to it was a length of jaggedly torn plant stem with a few attached leaves .
while i could reasonably guess how long the hispanics body had been lying here , i did nt know plants .
how quickly do they dry out and wither once they are detached from the living plant ?
but there were also pieces of all sorts of other plants covering this guy .
some green plant material stuck out of the pocket .
i often end up with parts of plants in my clothes after a hike .
now , it was off limits for healing , perhaps for years until sufficient growth of plants could be restored to avoid erosion , which would be worsened by heavy foot traffic .
i recalled that under the right hand of the dead man had also been what i thought was fresh plant material , leaves and a segment of stem .
i did nt have a good enough recollection of them to compare mentally with all the bits and pieces of plants that now remained from my original pile of litter on the towel .
i also did nt know plants .
and then there was this plant material thing .
i took some pictures of the plant material and then dumped it into a second bag .
true to its name , the bar also held a glass aquarium containing rocks , sand , desert plants , and several rattle snakes .
much better than my disappearing body , sighting of some guys who might be military , and some plant pieces that might have nothing to do with anything .
one remaining piece of evidence i wanted to follow up on was the bag of plant parts that i had dug out of my backpack .
the body , the close - up shots of the face , the blood on the ground , the folded paper under the hand , and the fresh plant parts nearby .
i then pulled out the bag of plant parts from the back of my car and spread them out .
while there were similarities , i needed a plant expert .
through the glass and metal frame i saw a profusion of plants .
there were rows of tables on which sat neat lines of potted plants .
an older man was transferring plants from small pots into larger ones , presumably since they seemed to have outgrown their old homes .
but i am trying to identify some plants .
branches rustled in a cluster of taller plants further down , and a response came back .
i m rose barker , manager of plant collections .
i was hoping you might be able to tell me what these plants are .
i do nt know my plants and was curious what they are .
then i realized she probably meant did i pick them , as in kill a live plant to pick or collect these .
i started to add that i did not kill a live plant and drive it all the way here , but she was peering at me with a weird look in her eyes .
why the mystery about identifying some plants ?
i turned around and marched down between two rows of plants .
my left hand still clutched the bag of plants , so i stuck out my left arm and caught the edge of the metal and glass door with elbow , jangling my funny bone .
i brought some plants to a greenhouse for identification .
what kind of plant would evoke this reaction ?
she seemed to be concerned if i had picked the plants .
picking these plants would be illegal .
the search revealed there are 746 such plant species in the us listed under the endangered species act .
i had a bag of wilted plant parts and a very long list of species to compare against .
you do nt call campus security because someone picked an endangered plant .
i did not recall actually ever seeing a live plant from which drugs are derived .
i did recall seeing pictures of marijuana plants at some point along the way .
live plants , though , never showed up in any investigation i was involved in .
pictures , instructions on how to grow and harvest the plants , procedures for processing the harvest into useable recreational drug , descriptions of the euphoria of drug use experiences .
in the past , the guilty apparently were mom - and - pop operations growing a few plants for personal use or for sale on a small scale .
then there is the coca plant from which cocaine is derived .
i did nt know what the plant looked like .
a sense of frustration swept over me at my ineptitude with plants .
and they were not from the coca plant .
i decided for now to set aside consideration of coca plants and return later if necessary .
then there is the opium poppy plant .
so now i have a hispanic guy running through the woods carrying poppy plant parts .
he was carrying the plant parts as evidence of the activities in the valley .
i had a few pieces of plant that i , a non - botanist with some crispy specimens in hand , had concluded from an internet search was an opium poppy .
the plants are hardy , able to grow in many environments .
winter storms however brought only gentle rains that both eased the long - standing drought and also provided the necessary moisture for new growth of plants to help anchor the ravaged hillsides .
when the slopes are cleared of vegetation and the rainfall is just right , these fire - following plants emerge .
i rummaged again through the plant parts in my bag and did not see anything that resembled the pod i had seen on the computer monitor .
but unlike the car thief in the fall , he was also carrying opium plant parts wrapped in the brown paper torn from a bag of lime as proof of what was going on in the valley .
and the guys in the valley took away the evidence , the body and plant parts and the brown paper i had seen on the guy .
maybe she was just curious about our conversation regarding plant species .
maybe i should have come to him with my bag of plant parts , instead of driving all the way to the university in missoula .
well , maybe you know this plant by its common name : opium poppy .
i had also pulled from my bag of plant parts only those that i suspected were leaves and stem from an opium plant .
i had also pulled from my bag of plant parts only those that i suspected were leaves and stem from an opium plant .
i found these plant pieces with the paper having the fingerprints .
if they filled the valley , there would be hundreds of thousands of plants , maybe millions of them .
some were hauling buckets of water to feed the plants .
i poked a long - handled trowel into the ground to make a hole , stuck the roots of a plant in the hole , and lightly tamped the earth down .
you must need hundreds of pounds of them , maybe tons for all the plants you have growing here .
i recalled reading in my internet searching that poppies are hardy plants , which will grow in many climates , as long as they get sun and water .
the water bubbled out of the ground upslope of much of the poppy field , so irrigation trenches had been dug to feed many of the plants .
early on , weeding to eliminate competition for the young plants would have been a constant chore , but now it was a secondary need .
the afghans seemed adept at this poppy farming , swiftly slicing a pod or collecting the sap and then moving to the next plant .
for those plants in higher places where gravity would not deliver the water through the irrigation trenches , i carried it in buckets .
fill two five - gallon buckets , haul them upward to the plants , water the plants , back to the spring to refill the buckets .
fill two five - gallon buckets , haul them upward to the plants , water the plants , back to the spring to refill the buckets .
i stayed low using the scant cover of the poppy plants and scrambled up the slope , aiming toward an outcropping of rocks that ran downward into the valley .
like the afghan who escaped before me and died on monarch trail , i too carried out plant parts as my evidence .
pictures of the tall , thick - stemmed , bulbous - headed plants have appeared in the news many times over the past several years .
what about these opium plants ?
she demanded , tossing the plants at his feet .
they might be going to fight the fire before it ignited all the camouflage netting , its supporting posts , and the plants underneath .
he bought them a large kidney - shaped dish that had its own little island , a plastic palm tree , some aquatic plants , and a snail .
instead , he guided the conversation smoothly away , inquiring of philip regarding the operations of the plantation and of miss twelvetrees regarding the natural history of jamaica , for which she seemed to have some feeling , judging by the rather good watercolours of plants and animals that hung about the room , all neatly signed n. t. gradually , the sense of tension in the room relaxed , and grey became aware that miss twelvetrees was focusing her attentions upon him .
on the way to her bedroom , she slowed next to her philodendron plant that drooped over the side of the bowl , acting like this was its last day on earth .
but she could barely keep a plant alive , and if having a life meant getting shot at she 'd take boring any day .
basil and frederick were nowhere in sight as she hurried down three doors to her office , a simple but pleasant space she 'd made her own with little things like a silk plant , since the office had no windows .
back when they first met , she 'd told him how she talked to her plants but they still die on her .
sally was gone , and perry was watering the large , ugly potted plant ( i am not an indoor plant person ) that flanked the double main doors .
sally was gone , and perry was watering the large , ugly potted plant ( i am not an indoor plant person ) that flanked the double main doors .
the water in the plant overflowed into the large dish the pot sits in .
it 's an obvious plant .
one plant might be dying , another might need trimming back , another was n't blooming as wonderfully as last year .
the guy 's got ta be a plant . ''
but we 're not different sprouts from the same plant .
` ` i bought some groceries for them and put them in the kitchen and was supposed to water the plant . ''
i get groceries in before the family comes home , feed the dog , mow the yard , and water the plants . ''
i did n't need to water the asparagus plant because it was still very wet , and the shades in the bedroom were already open - i usually open them for the yorks - so i left . ''
alvah had watered the plant in the kitchen .
she watered the plant and opened the blinds . ''
but i missed the curtains , '' i said drowsily , ` ` and i knew someone had watered the plant . ''
but today , helen had n't had a chance ( she explained in a note ) to clean up the debris from the potted plant she 'd dropped .
not waiting for my answer , she led the way down the corridor , and then turned the right corner at the huge plant i admired the last time .
the plants someone probably picked up at plantworks .
since she was hidden by a huge plant , i spotted sylvie 's stilettos long before i spied her .
on the window sill stood a potted plant with brown , withered leaves .
salander looked thoughtfully at the plant , as if it were the first time she had seen it , then she deposited it firmly in the waste paper basket .
` ` it had to be a plant . ''
he recalled with amusement the tale of peter the great , who 'd decreed that the strange plant be grown by peasants of the area.apples of the earth , peter had called them .
but potatoes were foreign to russia and the tsar failed to say which part of the plant needed to be harvested .
it was only when someone tasted the charred inside of the root that the plant acquired a home .
they are built like certain plants or insects , not able to survive more than one season .
muse was no potted plant , but she looked like one next to cingle shaker .
melinda was sitting at patty cloud 's desk , which of course was not only orderly but also decorated with a tidy plant and a picture in an expensive frame .
but i will have to visit the other plants . ''
their families sent over plants with ribbons to display on the counter to mark the occasion , but beyond that the rakeses simply opened their doors for business .
she picked up the plants her family had sent to mark the opening of the store .
i ' m surprised he chooses not to banter back with a flower insult , considering my mother named all four of us after a plant .
` ` you just mauled a plant , '' i say flatly .
my hands plant decisively on her hips , causing her to still .
it was sparsely decorated and immaculate with a mahogany wooden desk and chair , her diplomas framed on the walls , a blue - green - and - white patterned area rug , and a plant sitting on a stand .
the room had soft sand - colored accented in varying shades of green and supplemented with plants to make the room feel more natural and inviting .
as they approached , they saw another body plant two drinks down before turning to look at the girls .
ivy winds up the brick facade and friendly plant holders dot the outside of each window .
it makes the whole process drag , '' i add , brushing past a bright pink hydrangea plant that seems to be blooming in every direction .
the glass behind the gate had been destroyed , but the gate itself was intact , with pieces of broken plants and other bits clinging to the metal .
the apartment was small but cheerful , with plants on the windowsill and bookshelves lining the living room .
` ` i enjoy plants , '' he said simply .
there was a long , curving balcony there , and she imagined that he stepped outside in the summer to look over his beautiful , blooming plants .
while it had its charm , she did n't share the fascination with plants that hunter did .
the walk back to the car was not the leisurely stroll they 'd taken before , though will did grab her several times and plant seriously hot , deep kisses on her that left her dizzy and so turned on she was beginning to rethink the whole nak*d in the park thing .
the walls were painted a rich yellow , almost a golden color , and there were numerous plants and abstract pieces of art scattered about the area .
she had added potted plants , and the landscaping in front of the house was amazing .
he 's stubborn , he knows he 's good - looking , and he f**king plays around with goddamn plants !
i did n't have to hear about how he was master of the plant world and the king of two - stepping .
i bent down and moved it carefully , letting the small green plant reach for the sun .
it smelled like copy machine , and there was even a rubber tree plant stuffed in the back corner where the watercooler stood .
` ` please , please , please do n't tell me you just peed on aunt lucy 's plant . ''
` ` so why did you just pee in aunt lucy 's plant ? ''
to keep the plant happy and healthy .
i 'll take care of the plant , aunt luce , '' he said , sounding as solemn as an almost four - year - old boy could .
after carefully placing the watering can beside the plant , lj skipped over to the tv and grabbed the remote .
is on since he was two , '' she said , looking from the plant to me .
` ` men , '' holly said , curling her nose at the plant .
as long as lj does n't pee on all of my plants and thomas picks up his dirty underwear . ''
he asked , nodding to the big , leafy plants that looked more like weeds than a food source .
he removed his hand and started drumming it on the table with the rhythm of the song that played over the speakers hidden behind tacky plastic plants that were supposed to look like olive vines .
` ` and then they mentioned you were a studio plant and you were working on a tv special and a novel about the behind the scenes gossip ... '' he let his voice trail off , letting me fill in the rest .
abundant plant - life was everywhere , and flowers were blooming - a wild contrast from the cold snow of greenland .
only plant in the marked sections .
there were rows of potted plants lined up , guarded by a pair of gardeners in the same green kilts that our greeter had worn .
we set down our backpacks next to the pile of the others , and i tucked the disk into mine , then we each grabbed a potted plant to start the task .
now , hand me your plant . ''
we planted something that looked like a water lily in the bog garden , and the last plant , i had no idea what it was , but we just guessed at that point , and then flagged over a gardener .
i readily agreed and he led me out to the dance floor where i wrapped my arms around him tightly like a lifeline because if i did n't , i was pretty sure i would ass plant on the floor .
i begin to search the house for cameras and weapons , sweeping my fingers along bookshelves and plants and knickknacks and furniture , planting my own concealed surveillance paraphernalia along the way .
i miss my plants and my favorite coffee mug . ''
i scan the crowd quickly , and i spot loren and lily standing off to the side , nearest a large potted plant .
the six of us have congregated in solidarity by the f**king potted plant as the show continues playing .
by the potted plant , daisy apologies to lily , ` ` i ' m so sorry . ''
plants with small yellow blossoms sprouted everywhere , and other white blossoms like snowflakes dotted the path .
i smile at the plant , somewhat proud of it .
then i frown with the realization that i ' m envious of the resilience of a plant .
everything about the house spoke old money and charm , yet i could n't see q in the artefacts , statues , or even the exotic plants flowering around the rooms .
the birds were silent and the hushed world of plants made it seem like i was the only one alive .
i could hide amongst the luscious plants and fly away on wings like a sparrow .
they exploded through the exit and into the conservatory , weaving through plants and water features .
plants and flowers and trees surround the path that leads to the entrance , and the sun shines down through the branches above , making everything fun and cheerful on the outside .
i hurried into the restroom , and when i came out , i was right behind hannah and marco , hidden by a tall faux plant .
i needed this girl the way plants needed oxygen .
more marble floored the area , housing a piece of ornate pottery filled with plants .
the counseling room boasted both chairs and sofas , with plump slate - colored pillows , bamboo plants , and a calming water fountain with flat rocks lining the base .
i had suzanne dust my long windowsill and water the plants the day before and those looked good .
luke plucks a waxy leaf off the artificial plant near the door .
the neighborhood is nice , homey , each two - story stucco house surrounded by lush green lawns dotted with plants and small trees .
we 're in front of a beautiful colonial , two story , home with huge grass plants in the front flowerbeds .
sean plants both feet in the bottom of the tub and lowers me into the water , before sitting down himself .
the men nodded and the three of them walked past me , out of my trampled rock garden where plants would still continue to thrive even when i left the shop to cobwebs and dust .
it was like he could bully the plants into behaving even though he probably weeded the place once a year .
they 're the ones who get left behind to water the plants . ''
my eyes darted across the tiled floor to see if ellie was lounging in any of the wicker rocker chairs or obscured by the illustrious house plants .
my plant is probably dead . ''
` ` you have a plant ? ''
and i introduced her to my plant , georgia , who did n't die while i was gone .
he led me into the big dome housing all the tropical plants .
when i saw a tour guide pointing out various species of edible plants to several interested adults , i headed over and asked where a plumeria tree might be .
green trees , bushes , and plants surrounded the back side of the pool , making it appear lush and tropical .
dad would have covered his plants with plastic to get a few more weeks from their fragile lives .
he pointed to a small cluster of plant life near the ground and a mud outline of a large boot print shone between .
i took off running toward the water , my lungs pumping air in and out of my chest as i hurdled plant life and rock .
and of course , we found a whole bunch of girlier items : baskets , decorative plants , nice towels for the bathroom .
i had to turn the television up and force myself to be suddenly fascinated with marine plant life .
as i move toward it , the fragrance from the wide mixture of plants invades my senses .
she looked at me like i was a potted plant that had just started talking .
it has tons of flowers and plants around it .
it has a hot tub that is connected to it , along with so many flowers and plants that you would think we were in the jungle .
in others , i had painted close - ups of individual plants with the same rich colors .
improvising with a plant stand when i could n't find my music stand , i ran through the beginnings of a prelude piece i 'd begun composing for my year - end solo .
my phone lit up on the plant stand , signaling a message , and i stood in the dark , reading and answering .
a small laptop and bronze desk lamp sit next to a tiny green and white plant in a round antique silver base .
i make my way past a big green plant by the door as i move to sit in one of the chairs .
yanking the towel off the hanger , i knock over the potted plant on the small table next to the bathtub and it crashes to the floor .
the path leading to the front door is lined with the same plants and flowers as the driveway , with small and large palm trees by the garage and front of the house .
` ` they 're plants , '' griffin said , not looking up from his book .
i kill house plants and the only reason my cat is still alive is because he 's smarter than i am . ''
josie would have thought the midwife was watering a plant , not monitoring a patient , given her neutral , calm countenance .
and in the backyard you have some cherry tomato plants , plus you use a solar charger for your phone , attached to the backpack you wear when you bike . ''
` ` janet is one of your plants ? ''
janet does n't know she 's a plant so she wo n't know why you 're there .
julia was n't one of our plants .
somewhere i could grow a garden and plant flowers .
it 's what plants crave . ''
chapter 5 jill the office building is red brick with a gleaming glass door and huge potted plants inside the lobby , an eclectic mix of materials in the middle of the tribeca neighborhood that 's teeming with industrial buildings , lofts and famous faces .
a coffee machine was the only other piece of furniture in the room , and the desk had a small plant and a laptop computer on it .
he and my father talked each other 's ears off about landscaping and local plants .
even with mirrors in the right spots , candles , and live , soft plants , their sex lives will suffer .
he was still cursing and sucking on the end of his finger as he scrambled for his aloe plant when jd and julian both joined them .
we stepped away , into a corner by a six foot tall potted plant that looked too fake to be real , or too real to be fake .
sitting in his house on a hill with his manicured garden of native plants and his refinished wood porch .
at the same time i was hoping out loud that we did n't get a late spring snow which would mean i 'd waste hundreds of dollars since all the plants would die and i 'd have to do it again ( something that had happened once before and it did n't make me happy ) .
eventually , i turned from selecting plants and jabbering and found deacon , who 'd come with me , had disappeared .
now i 'd had to leave my trolley with my carefully selected trays of flowers and spiky and tailing plants that would so work with my vision of floral beauty at glacier lily in the garden center because i had no idea where my man was and the big flat trolley i had was too unwieldy to shove through the store .
` ` i only have to grab some potting soil and plant food .
` ` seated deep inside you , listenin ' to you yammer while you pick plants , sittin ' beside you on a porch , however it comes from you , that 's where i want to be . ''
the steps were also lined with pots of thriving flowering plants and trailing greenery , more boxes were hooked to all the railings containing the same .
the plants made it awesome .
` ` everything , every living thing on this earth , from plants to animals to humans , has a natural order .
a big upright chest at the wall to the side of the door from the kitchen that had everything you needed in it , corkscrew , bottle opener , lighters , cigs , extra ashtrays , condoms , the shelves covered with green , trailing , brightly potted plants that even i could n't manage to kill and i forgot to water them frequently .
i did n't stay hours but i brought her flowers then a box of chocolates then a plant to spruce up her room then a book because she liked reading .
elvira repeated a whispered now emphasized , ` ` oo lawdy , ` ` and austin muttered , ` ` fuck , '' at my side , pushed his chair back and took off as i watched brock plant a hand in his sister 's chest , cob wrap his arm around his daughter 's waist and pull back and olivia lift both her extraordinary hands to her face and melt into beautiful woman tears which every woman on the face of the earth knew held magical powers over any man who was breathing as long as that man was n't blind .
did he say plant flowers and buy shit for the kitchen ?
the moonlight made the trees and terraced plants silver .
i opened my eyes and stared at the plants and flowers , unruly , unkempt , but i knew not planted by tate 's hands .
my eyes went back to the plants .
i stared at the plants knowing it just by looking at them .
it was filled with what it would say to tate if i spent a day weeding the plants and adding more .
` ` ace , '' tate called and i looked from his plants to him .
` ` then who planted those plants in your yard ? ''
unlike mom , the plants took root . ''
i gave in , turning to the plants while giggling .
` ` i am , the deck needs plants . ''
` ` the deck does n't need plants . ''
` ` okay , '' she took one step toward him and the dead was gone from her voice , she was now speaking with strained patience , ` ` you 're a guy so you do n't get this but when a man brings his new wife to his house , she does shit like plant flowers to put her stamp on it , make it her home , make it his home .
people are going to expect me to do shit to put my stamp on your house and therefore , the deck needs plants . ''
` ` so , a man gets outta prison , he gets himself a new wife , he brings her home , takes care of business by findin ' a job to provide for her , his first day off , his wife does not go to the garden center to buy plants in an asinine effort to put her stamp on a house .
and they had plants to buy .
we were going to the garden center to buy plants not drop tens of thousands of dollars on an suv .
` ` wo n't be summer forever and you 're thinking deck plants , we need a utility vehicle . ''
while she was waiting for dominic to finish with a client , i 'd shared with her my deck plant vision but lack of experience seeing as i 'd lived in an apartment the entirety of my adult life but had managed to keep a houseplant alive for a few years so i had hope if not knowledge .
then she 'd phoned betty while sitting in dominic 's chair and about seven seconds later betty had walked through the doors of carnal spa to give me a very long but friendly lecture about keeping outdoor plants alive in the colorado mountains .
` ` minus deck plants and furniture , '' i added .
so in the cruiser on our way home , we had trays and trays of plants , bags of soil , coils of hoses and ten enormous pots , four terracotta ( front deck ) , four turquoise ( deck off kitchen as well as top and bottom of the outside steps ) and two purplish - gray ( our deck off the bedroom ) as well as a window box for outside the kitchen window .
i was also feeding the plants on her schedule .
a plant we cultivated at the facility - a pretty little flower whose berries were poison .
the large stone wall barricaded anyone from accessing the space and the sun glinted off the glass walls and roof , warming the budding plants within .
tomato plants cast a sharp pungent smell into the space .
as a mother , i 'd meticulously catalogued every plant , household chemical , and poison that could harm clara .
staring at the little , innocent plant , i murmured , ` ` why are you growing it amongst edible and non - toxic plants ? ''
staring at the little , innocent plant , i murmured , ` ` why are you growing it amongst edible and non - toxic plants ? ''
lily of the valley , deadly nightshade , foxglove , all plants that can be turned into weapons . ''
i looked away , taking in the low square - line sofas , sad plastic plants , and dirty carpeting .
the crispness of plants and the musky scent of earth overpowered his smell , giving me a welcome reprieve from the man who drove me mad .
my lungs sucked in air as if i were dying ; my heartbeat existed everywhere , vibrating in the plants around us , roaring in my ears .
i blinked , focusing on the imposing pillars , the ginormous potted plants , and grand piano with expensive looking cocktail bar to the right .
plants and paraphernalia gave the place a homely feel .
it was the only room that looked peaceful with plants rather than stripper poles .
green potted plants decorated the far corners , and sun lounges lay by the side of the pool .
elijah destroyed a branch of the plant he was hiding behind .
many years he 'd known the two and they still hid a spare key in the plant pot .
` ` have you just compared having a kid to a plant growing ? ''
extracting the key from under the plant pot , tate opened the front door .
` ` are you using some kind of plant food ?
they were beautiful plants , yet grab too hard and you were at risk of getting hurt .
` ` i ' ve seen much less damage on my plants than on neighboring vineyards .
either that or throw herself off the balcony , where she would surely crush a lovely rosemary plant when she fell .
putting the plant down in an empty corner of the foyer , lily walked into the living room and surveyed it with pleasure .
digging in the dirt of the wilting potted plant next to the door , she grasped the key to the house , dusted her hands on her jeans and opened the door .
there 's only so much i can take , '' travis demanded , grasping her by the hand and leading her to a waist - high table where she had her plants and knickknacks .
she had her blinds removed and replaced with sheer curtains that let the sunshine in , breathing life into the plants perched on stands .
i remembered all but begging jason to get me flowers and his rebuttal that i could n't even keep my potted plants at my office alive .
neutral tones and potted plants and a security guard that barely grunted hello .
the living room offered mismatched furniture , bright blue curtains that led out to a small balcony , and a shit - ton of green plants and colorful flowerpots sitting on various shelves and ledges in the room .
all the plants there were terribly neglected . ''
she 'd spent her morning at the nursery picking up plants for the waterfront park project , her afternoon working out in the sun , and her evening in chula vista for danny 's first away game of the season .
the room is further divided by huge bookshelves , made cozier by coat racks and partial walls and house plants .
i follow them to the second floor , past identical faux wood doors decorated by welcome mats and the occasional potted plant .
i turn around in a circle , and that 's when i see it : the bottom end of the magazine , sticking out from between the leaves of a droopy , flowy plant sitting atop some filing cabinets .
i ' m scrutinizing his extravagant potted plant choices when it dawns on me that i should try to call lizzy again .
i think i ' ve got the floors and paints mostly decided , and i ' ve got a tentative plan for furniture and plants .
lush foliage and gorgeous plants also surrounded the property .
she sat for a few seconds as he plucked fresh mint from a plant on the back of the bar then set to work .
all they found were a couple of egg cartons of two - inch pot plants jim had in the windowsill of his bedroom .
the lake st . louis times ran a story on it , complete with a photo of the chief of police sitting next to the tiny pot plants they had confinscated from our apartment .
the story went on to explain that when these tiny two inch pot plants were fully grown , they would have yielded such and such amount of sellable pot , and i believe they even put a resale street value on it !
apparently he had been walking his dog and saw the little pot plants in jims window sill .
and they had a pot plant that was at least two feet tall .
funny that i had gotten busted for a two - inch pot plant .
she takes care of all the plants in the home and any other things mr . price may ask her to take care of .
the room also had two kayaks , one lime green and the other orange , leaning against one corner and a row of plants that lined up on the long windowsill .
he steered his car through his parents ' open front gate when he arrived at their home , and headed up the long driveway , not noticing the flowering plants that bordered the drive nor the lake in the background .
the sun did nt even have time to say ' good - morning ' to the plants and already alexis and vendior had left ; the quest would take a while .
once he saw her , lucas jumped from the wall , dancing energetically on the plants of his feet , and sprinted towards her .
it was a joy to watch the plants grow .
which plant do you like better ?
the road that intersected the wide fields of whiteweed , the rarest of the herbal plants that grew anywhere else but surprisingly sprouted in abundance on the plateau .
other plants , such as redroot and pinkpetal , were familiar to her too .
the plants of the dryer months were beginning to shoot up from the soil .
when i walked inside , i saw that the only thing that had changed was that all my plants had died .
i do nt know anything about plants .
we found her in the middle of a greenhouse , working with some kind of plant .
the smile that curved her lips stretched to those eyes , and she put down her tools and the plant .
i never really saw myself working with plants , but watching luke , i got curious and twenty - plus years later , here we are .
there were tables holding what looked like identical plants up and down the sides of the building .
i love looking at beautiful plants and flowers , but i know nothing about them .
she gestured vaguely toward her plants .
michael pointed out plants to me as we wandered through , the names rolling off his tongue with ease .
if i learned anything today , its that michaels got it all over me when it comes to plants and trees .
i spent as many weekend days out there as my parents would allow , and i was getting to know some of the people who worked with the plants and in the shop .
when marly and luke arrived at the cabin , tired from a long day with plants and people , michael and i had dinner on the table .
so you have a way with plants , you can make things grow .
i ve been tempted to just drop by the nursery on the pretext of buying plants , but i did nt want to be a pushy mother .
yards of grass covered front yards , decorated with plants , flowers , and trees .
there were plants and wall decor that made this place look like a clients reception room in a lawyers office rather than a low - level office floor .
he led me through a maze of deep gray walls , expensive paintings and potted plants to a room with a large wood table , three microwaves , water cooler , two refrigerators , and all the other stuff an office break - room usually has .
i could hear some phone conversations and see a tall , tree - like plant in front of a robust woman across the cube from me .
she was now mostly out of sight behind the fake , leafy plant .
candace and i pushed out of the way , making papers shuffle furiously in junipers area as we brushed her plant .
she had seen plenty of those , but the abundance of the intricately laid - out plant and flower beds made the place look like a miniature farm .
some plant must be blooming that i m allergic to , she added .
i sometimes have problems with plant allergens .
the water had receded and left behind a trail of devastation , broken fences , uprooted plants and a thick covering of black , evil - smelling mud .
as they descended towards the river she could see , that although the garden was awash with mud and stones and many of her plants were completely flattened , the water had not reached the house .
she pushed on through the crowded aisles past stalls selling brightly glazed pottery , cut flowers and potted plants , past racks of cheap clothing , stalls with multicoloured cushions and polyester bedding , african traders selling designer sunglasses and fake handbags and numerous craft stalls .
fifteen minutes later mary arrived , a potted plant in her hand .
he floated face down , his arms spread out in a cross , his long grey hair drifting like the tendrils of some water plant .
but he s got green fingers , only has to look at a plant and it blushes and bursts into flower .
gardens ringed the building , packed with flowering plants .
the sun slipped past mid - day while she searched for the plants hadja needed , fetching them in baskets the woman thrust through the doorway and then retrieving an empty one with another order .
a heavy stone bowl sat on the table , and she twisted and beat at the dried plant matter with a matching pestle .
now i know you are nt a plant .
she even has plants !
when you looked at the front of the house where the front door was , it was cute , there was a beautiful patio that was painted white and there was a bench swing and a bunch of plants .
i guess they were unable to control the earth , it was too strong , but , they were able to control plants and animals , that s what the life leganti did .
dan had said there was a key in one of the plant holders hanging from the ceiling by the front door of the house where carly and dans car was parked .
maybe if he had n't called her on the day the hospital put her on suspension she might have begged off and sent the happy couple a potted plant and her best wishes , but , as luck would have it , he 'd caught her as she walked in the door to her apartment with her arms piled high with files and rolodex cards and an old cat named pyewacket who did n't seem all that pleased to be there .
were getting you a lawyer , his uncle reminded him as they headed down the corridor , past potted plants and other hotel dcor , to the outdoor pool .
there was no one around , just the two of us in that corridor , in front of a large window , beyond which was one of the hospitals courtyards , with its chairs , tables , and garden of plants .
he and mrs . greene led the way for us up the trail , we climbed and passed the beautiful plants and trees i know this place .
he took my hand again and we walked for a few minutes then turned a corner , through another heap of plants and into the clearing .
no , her thumb was black as coal and she was sure that any plants left in her care would nt have ever lived to tell the tale .
had she been left to tend her mothers beautiful garden , the entire mass of green life that surrounded her would have probably committed plant suicide within a month .
there is nt a person on this plant who would nt like you .
ill have to take a specimen of every plant , soil type not only the woods , she interrupted .
this morning i found traces of the mineral in all the plant and grass samples taken directly out of the rock .
maybe for him love will come softly and grow slowly springing up over time like a seedling plant .
he played with the leaves of a small potted plant on the window sill .
the plant was dead from neglect or maybe the inadequate skills of its owner .
he touched one and watched the plant bloom .
sariel looked at the plant for a moment longer before turning and answering .
when he finished packing he cleaned the refrigerator and picked up the potted plant that sariel revived and walked down the hall .
he gave the plant to the landlady and paid his rent for the next three months and followed behind sariel as he led the way to the front of the building .
i d lived a lifetime in wooded areas , but country living had nt taught me a thing about plants and i had no idea the name of flower .
we were creating civilisation where there had been nothing , just plants , animals and red dust .
the plants and animals would move back in around and under the buildings while we were there and they 'd reclaim it completely when we left .
although it was february and most of the plants were brown , louisa could tell that in the spring , it would be beautiful .
as there was still quite a bit of space , anna wanted to find a couple of large plants to place in the corners .
in one corner , anna had a large plant stand that was full of an assortment of plants .
in one corner , anna had a large plant stand that was full of an assortment of plants .
for a living , he grows grain that he sells for cattle feed but he loves plants and flowers .
i could not name a single plant in the garden , but it was exactly what i would imagine a tranquil setting in japan would look like .
taking her hand , they followed the path for several hundred feet through the dense jungle until they came to another shaded clearing of soft , inviting grass , surrounded on all sides by towering trees and scrubby plant life .
the trees stretched endlessly toward the sky , many reaching heights of 130 feet , their tops creating an umbrella that kept the sun from falling on the forest floor , littered with rotten tree trunks , scrubby plant life , and roots .
were learning about how plants grow , so we placed lima beans in these bags a couple weeks ago .
she also said you have to watch for weeds and yank them out right away so that they do nt hurt the plants .
shed been tending to the lima bean plant for months now and was so proud of how much it had grown .
they joined hands and followed their little girl over to the large plant shed been tending to for months .
its a beautiful plant , madison .
abby was so proud of the lesson this plant had taught her little girl about love .
there re two plants .
two stalks originated from the dirt , but as if they could nt survive without each other , they had joined , embraced , and intertwined all the way up to their tops making them appear to be one plant .
this time , however , just like the plants , they were now joined together as one .
unfortunately , many times the worst weeds survive the initial application , often requiring additional energy not only to identify the unwelcome plants , but to remove them .
tall bushes stood on either side of the doorway with a variety of flowering plants decorating the base of the trees and lining the sidewalk to the house .
have you checked the pasture for poisonous plants ?
he knew she must have carried the water from the well , and he suspected she had recently dug the vegetables herself as he recalled seeing neat rows of plants on the opposite side of the cottage from the walled garden .
there are 1500 plants and 102 acres .
stalker : a.a stem or main axis of a herbaceous plant b.a stem or similar structure that supports a plant par such as a flower source : free online dictionary then right underneath i found psycho stalker and the legal definition : criminal activity consisting of the repeated following and harassing of another person .
stalker : a.a stem or main axis of a herbaceous plant b.a stem or similar structure that supports a plant par such as a flower source : free online dictionary then right underneath i found psycho stalker and the legal definition : criminal activity consisting of the repeated following and harassing of another person .
the art includes naturalistic paintings of human , plant and animal figures , as well as non - naturalistic or abstract designs , with concentric circles , u shapes , and lines .
this dreamtime is the creation period in aboriginal belief , when important ancestral beings formed the land , and created the people , plants and animals .
these ancestral beings , often depicted in the art , may take human , animal , plant or combined forms , and taught the people their laws and ceremonies .
dripping tropical plants hid the pool from prying eyes .
looking out between the plants shed repotted , she had a clear view of her neighbors back garden .
through archways beyond it , mac spied more staff members setting up dining tables draped with white linen cloths in a central courtyard plumed with potted plants and flowers .
wicker chairs , tables , plant stands , wide low rockers and two porch swings were scattered about , stolidly waiting .
she wandered back toward the house , past the runaway garden , the leaves of the old plants were huge and the twining vines seemed to move , the heavy sunflower heads turned to watch her , she was almost certain .
pop would tend the garden and gather plants for his experiments and fletcher , quinton and i would play in the house , we know every nook and cranny .
he gave her a quick glance and a smile that caused a burst of pleasure down deep in her belly , and as he passed the garden she could ve sworn the plants vibrated at his nearness .
teddy told rae to get used to it , the animals and the plants and the house yearned for company and most especially they d been waiting patiently for the new mary .
wolf 's bane is a very strong drug made from a specific unique plant only found in europe .
a glass window peeped out from behind a plant at the end of the small aisle against the wallmr .
he turned to krista with an expression that said he thought himself the stupidest person on the face of the plant .
taking a big breath , stepping out of the line of fire into a fake , bushy plant , which was only weird if she got caught , she took stock of her situation .
with a big sigh , face a stern mask of determination , she stepped out from behind the bushy plant , then apologized profusely to the passing woman who jumped and screeched at the research girl materializing out of thin air .
as she rounded a makeshift green wall of fake plants , she heard his voice chatting on the phone about the kind of dog food his lab ate .
as she rounded the green wall of plants , she heard , when did that woman find time to clean my desk ?
as she rounded the wall of plants , she did nt hear marcus on the phone for once .
here , there was the beach , a small highway , the narrow path that krista ran nearly every day , a small hill with dune plants that shed just dove in , which led down to a street , then a row of houses .
the air was light and the breeze , gentle and caressing ; the sweet undertones of plant life and warm nights filled the space in between rotten flesh and fresh gunshots .
there was no traffic on the highway , no doors opening or closing in the distance , there were no birds flying overhead or insects buzzing around the plants and flowers .
sounds like the perfect plant for christmas , she said , brightly .
like a plant turning to the sun .
like a plant about to be cut off from the sun forev donna ?
she knew he would nt hurt her , like she knew the rain came from the sky and plants grew toward the sun .
you can not spend your life brooding about her behind marble pillars and potted plants .
they d practically backed the poor girl into a stand of potted plants , each of them clearly loath to cede his position to another suitor .
lacking her sisters talent and grace , evie could nt count the times shed walked into potted plants or offended an acquaintance when she breezed right past them unawares .
the rolled bundle opened up to show multiple pockets with a variety of dried plants .
joseph picked what he needed , and stood tall , crushing the dried plant with his hands , the wind dragging the smell of sage back and around them .
unburned candles cascading down candelabras with green silk plants and bowls of bath beads and fancy soaps lined the edge .
the occasional small table , lamps , a magnificent fireplace screen , and an assortment of floor plants combined to beckon and soothe .
by the time i reached the stage of mopping up the rice and beans with a leftover bit of tortilla , what started as the sprout of an idea blossomed into a full - fledged plant .
intrigued , i almost let myself follow the comfortable bunny path of plant identification .
he did n't like bending over and cutting stuff , so i had him identify the invasive plants , and then hold onto them up high while i knelt down and cut them off at the ground .
good questions rinisha but the wromg person to ask who will care for family who only talks for food and monitary matters but you are the lucky that made a god impression at this home as you are the hot news and the showstopper between those three .rinisha asked , so when you made your family happy , when you make them ashamed and when you make them proud , now what she felt thus the persons who are the seeds of a plant like sherry will concern about anything the immediate response if we ask this from sherrys parents they say , now what s that we have nt thought till now and when he makes happy at least he said that he love rinisha otherwise we were thinking to visit a dcctor from him so many girls were his friends and no single complaint of any eve tease behaviour that was the only thing we are concern of as he is not good with the studies too we always thought of why so ?
* * * i stood outside the cave , inhaling the aromas of plants and herbs and pine trees , while staring at the lightening sky .
the gardener had obviously taken care to protect the plants once it had started snowing .
maybe not the castle - that had been an obsession of his dad 's , he could see that now - but everything else about the vineyard , the gardens , and especially the older vines he 'd helped his father plant near the south slope .
` ` surveying for birds , watching for subtle changes in the soil and the plants , keeping an eye out for tiny , glassy - winged sharpshooters , insects that can do damage to the crop .
there was a happy compromise of indoor and outdoor plants .
maddy missed having a place to grow plants and flowers , to customize her own style and preference .
he d brought her flowers for the balcony of her tiny apartment and watched her plant them the same day .
the flower pots , save for a wilting plant in the corner , were empty .
she looked off at some of the plants and things .
billy smiled shyly , my uncle blake knows which wild plants and herbs help in healing .
the shrubs disappeared and were replaced with giant ferns and rope - like plants simon called lianas .
we will clear the land and plant crops .
they walked to a spot surrounded by bamboo , shiny - leafed bushes , and plants with red blossoms .
they sat under the giant leaves of an elephant ears plant waiting for it to lessen .
she preferred to stand , looking out over the garden at the newly planted flower beds , the freshly turned earth a dark brown against the new green of the small plants .
she had nt been able to resist buying the plants when she passed them on the sidewalk outside the flower shop next door to her office .
of course , with the dissolution of the atmosphere , plant and animal life disappeared .
its just a few plants jammed into the dirt .
i went down each aisle saying , okay , which of you lovely plants want to come home with phoenix ?
i added snapdragons , columbines , butterfly plants , daisies , lilies , violets , carnations and three different types of roses to my cart .
i dug each hole , carefully placed the plant inside , and patted it down with love .
she nodded briefly at us and continued talking to a potted plant .
we passed a woman actually talking to a potted plant on the way , causing me to burst out in laughter , dragging penelope down with me .
maybe we could get you a plant or something next time , stella snickered falling into a pose against the wall .
my mom says philodendrons are a great first plant because they re easy to take care of .
i prepared to put my excited face on for stella , but instead of a red accessory , she pulled out a pile of short plant vines .
i thought you were kidding about the whole plant thing .
after watering our new plants in their fresh soil , she tapped her fingers on the counter .
what s wrong with your plants ?
she scoffed , they re your plants , or ... were anyway .
my plants , herbert and hulga , were brought back to life a couple of times thanks to stella , but when she found them wilted and brown yesterday , she gave up on them as well as my ability to care for plants altogether .
my plants , herbert and hulga , were brought back to life a couple of times thanks to stella , but when she found them wilted and brown yesterday , she gave up on them as well as my ability to care for plants altogether .
i could nt even keep plants alive ; god forbid i have children someday .
after reading an email from my mom , i sat at the desk in our study and stared at the lonely windowsill that killed my poor plants .
some of the plants in her garden are so strange , people ca nt identify them .
i told her to make sure she did nt eat anything she s made from a plant , and not to give it to anyone else either .
emily had nt even thought about dangers from plants .
shed warned emily about staying away from the road and strangers and everything else she could think of , but not plants .
it does sound like it should be a real plant .
monkey grass lined the long sidewalk , and hanging plants lined the porch .
the balcony runs along the whole length of the hotel and is filled with different species of potted plants .
or she clipped and watered her plants on the large terrace .
as far as he could recall , the cabinet had never been opened , and so far , had been used as a shelf for a silk plant his mother gave him as a gift when he started the business .
to his dismay , the plant was now in the trash bin next to the file cabinet .
her brown hair was tied with one of those elastic fabric bands his nieces always wore , and her eyes were as green as the silk plant had once been .
the plant , he saw , was now in the trash bin .
she said pointing to the file cabinet next to the trash bin where his silk plant was resting .
did nt it at least matter that it was his silk plant that was now being given an improper burial in a trashcan ?
the only plant they had had was in a dumpster outside and jeff had claimed it was silk .
she hurried through a maze of plants and flora which now extended far past the little acre of land she had been tending .
the buildings were all new and in good repair , but there were no trees or plants .
since ravens arrival a month ago , many native flowers and plants had mysteriously sprung up .
near the opening , where there was still some light , plants grew up from the giant cracks .
time to clean out his own desk and head home , to lie blissfully unpestered between the begonias and puny tomato plants on the terrace .
precious days lost and he was heading home to wilted plants , an empty refrigerator , a hot apartmentand the unexpected responsibility of a new roommate with no experience navigating modern manhattan .
all the same , he permitted them into the parlor , a room so dark and overfurnished , susan was afraid to move , for fear of knocking over a vase or potted plant .
naida spent much time in her garden and forest harvesting medicinal plants where she would use her wisdom and knowledge to make others well .
she lit a candle , taking out a book she borrowed from the library on healing plants and began to read .
thou art hither , emma claimed , pointing to her plucking plants some distance away .
though being polite and accommodating , sarah and tituba exchanged their knowledge about the various plants in the area .
she remembered how her family when she was young would burn a yule log obtained from a local cooper , creating potash as food for plants to promote blooming while exchanging small homemade gifts .
thee witnessed thy gathering plants for thy witches brew .
the small green shoot of the plant called hope that had sprung up inside her , only to be trampled upon , raised itself up again , leaf by tiny leaf .
do you have any experience with plants or gardening ?
before meeting her at the shop , michael had transported some sacks and plants to mr . thackerays place .
he trimmed and she collected the fallen twigs and listened to him getting all enraptured with the plants again .
strangely enough , there was not a potted plant or flower vase in sight .
i had expected tons of plants inside your home .
the wall at the far end was taken up by floor - length windows leading onto a balcony with a white balustrade hung with creeping plants and flowers of all sorts .
almost all of them were brightly colored , big close - ups of flowers and plants with vivid details that made the artwork come to life .
when she shook those thoughts away , she saw that he had opened one of the huge windows and walked out onto the balcony , motioning for her to sit down on the one easy chair standing there among a clutter of blooming plants .
and the plants begged for me to color them , to portray them .
then , just a few years back , i guess , the sheriff caught a group of men growing marijuana plants .
small baskets of gardenias hung from plants stands surrounding the outdoor patio , and liam had told her that the fragrant odor permeating the air was the orange blossoms in bloom from the many trees around them .
he would mount minute motion - activated reconnaissance apparatus in lamps and overhead lighting fixtures , clocks , fake plants , framed art work , cabinets , closets and mirrors .
a warm breeze gusted , stirring the plants and blossoms around him .
perhaps some potted plants , cheerful linens .
shed added a wider sill to the large front window and potted trees and plants were waiting to sit there , beneath the neon open sign .
make a plant grow in the kitchen ?
the green indoor plants and tree added to the warmth and comfort of the home , but the room already had an understated elegance , and very relaxing feel .
she took a few steps further down the path , and pushed the greenhouse door open : row upon row of marijuana plants flourishing under an infrared light .
he could n't possibly consume so many cannabis plants all himself , although judging by appearances he was n't averse to attempting it .
` ` pot plants , '' he said .
petya just stood there looking guilty and suzie picked up a bit of soft green plant stalk and twirled it in her face .
demanded barbara looking at the plant stalk .
` ` its a pot plant .
noticing that she was still carrying a plant stalk about , she shoved it quickly through the bars of hammy 's cage .
` ` anything as long as its not pot plants . ''
` ` was the other guy growing pot plants ? ''
` ` i got ta a pot plant on the fridge , '' said judy .
a huge double bed was receiving them , with a snow - white edside table on the both side of it and there was a lapm on one of them , int the same colour , there was two dark brown wardrobes beside the door , and there were two green plants next to them .
there is nt anything what is interesting , only strange plants what there are nt in hungary .
we went into the first christian palace in the world what was beautiful , and into a museum what was interesting , and went to the tallest sea rock in the world , and strange bars of plants could be seen from this .
a trio of spiny leaved aloe vera plants bloomed beneath the back windows .
what she did with baking heather did with oils , nut butters , and plant essences .
she experimented with oils from around africa , south america , europe , asia , and locally as the climate in los angeles allowed tropical plants to flourish .
vivid colored macram holders supported an array of hanging plants , which gave off a 1970s touch .
she thought the foliage of the coffee plants was cleverhighlighting where the popular beverage originated .
she went to the end of the hallway where a carved wooden white plant stand decorated the alcove outside her bedroom .
the lush landscape of birds and of mediterranean and exotic plants showed himself to his senses in the form of melodious sounds and scents .
a woman pointed to an old plant of prickly pears the size of a tree as a reference point , in front of the plant , there were springs .
a woman pointed to an old plant of prickly pears the size of a tree as a reference point , in front of the plant , there were springs .
outside , the wind shrieked through the canyon , and maddie imagined it clawing ruthlessly through her garden , uprooting the tender plants and dragging them away .
focused intensely on pruning the long neglected plants , she at last stood up , satisfied , and brushed off her jeans .
he grew orchids , rare ones and easy ones , and other exotic plants in the greenhouse .
i also sketched plants and landmarks for their field guides .
now i m on my own with only my dying succulent plant for company , scraping rent on a tiny studio apartment , and working extra hours here at the law firm whenever i can .
every plant , every animal , every fungi , algae , virus , protozoa and bacteria lost the fight for space .
is it the same for humans as it is for all plant and animal life , and we just have the good sense to be aware of it ?
the air smells crisp and clean from the dewy plants and moisture as i make my way onto the wooden bridge ; it separates the upper and lower village .
its all natural , brewed from organic plants i grow myself .
what sort of plants did you say were in this ?
the potted plant knows what you mean .
no one in plants , or writing reference .
rodeo drive had nice features like areas that had cobbled streets , ornate lampposts that had hanging plants with draping foliage , a dog statue , and a classy hotel .
rosalie finally found an isolated spot on a cobbled street next to a lamppost with a hanging flower plant .
there were also several tropical plants planted just outside of the building .
there were potted plants decorating the area and some nice teak benches .
the foliage surrounding the mansion was a combination of tropical plants , and palm trees .
my dads permission , then cash to buy the plants .
right our vines are grown from a branch that s taken off an existing plant .
ill worry about raising the money to buy the plants , if hell just let me do it .
a thick carpet of ice plant covered the whole area from the start of the path to the lighthouse , draping much of the cliffs below .
sprinkles of yellow and pink blossoms decorated the pointy green plants giving the area a party atmosphere .
tyler landed in a rose bush and yelped at the many thorns pricking him as the plant defended itself .
damn damn damn * * * chapter twenty - one for the next two days , scott and his crew began planting all the grape plants .
each plant had its roots wrapped in a burlap bag to keep them warm and protected .
bamboo poles would train the plants to reach the short fences and wire had been strung to fortify that effort .
the leaf structure of each plant will be trained to provide a kind of canopy over the grape clusters .
so did i but the weeks been horrible and today was the day from hell i ve got filtration problems with the granger wines , a fungus on some of my new plants out in arroyo , and the templeton people are giving me trouble about the contract for next years grapes .
he and sam eventually eradicated the fungus on his new plants .
it was beautiful and frightening at the same time she began trembling with fright they ran to the vineyard where hoses from a water truck had been brought in and buckets of water were being thrown on the plants .
we lost some plants , for sure , but well just clean it all up and replace what we ve lost .
eat , drink , do drugs , sex , plant organic tomatoes , etc .
the same plants it seemed sat by mommas bible chair , which was simply a rocking chair where she readyou guessed itthe bible every morning and night .
as i watered mommas plants before we left our breezewater house , the rays of light bounced off my back .
i responded to lola , keeping her in check , and asking her to water my plants at the sahuarita house .
that was a plant , was nt it ?
combining gaelles talents with plant life , evans business sense and immortal contacts , and joels love of adventure , the three had launched an entire line of herbal supplements used to increase preternatural pleasure .
water your plants , send you something .
the azalea bushes were blooming and the majestic water feature to the side of the pond had tropical plants and lily pads all around it .
trevor shoved her back against the house where caroline tripped over a potted plant and hit her head on the porch beside the rocking chair .
the area he was in had several leafy evergreen trees and areas that were obviously man - made where different flowering plants had been planted .
though at the moment most of the plants appeared to be dead or dormant because of the cold weather .
jeanne gawked back at the she - demon in disbelief as she spoke as if she were talking about adding potted plants to a house .
leaving their glasses at the entrance to the conservatory , they walked into the dimly lit jungle of plants .
he pulled the branch of a gigantic rubber plant to the side and they found a lovely iron bench near a fountain whose pond was choked with water lilies .
they worked their way through the plants , following the overgrown pathway .
by the time they were in the hall , morgan had her laughing at his silly insistence that he had surely saved them from some man - eating plant .
kelly will be furious when she smells her fern plants .
kelly told me that when she watered the spider plant , she got a smell of wine .
its all over the animal and plant kingdoms .
lizards and most plants can grow back a section of their body that is cut off .
but i m not a lizard or a plant , he declared promptly .
chapter 30 waking up at 5:00 a.m. and unable to go back to sleep , lorenzo went outside where he mowed the lawn and then tended to the plants .
then sensing clarice had the same significance as the potted plant displayed on the front porch , she turned back to her man .
and the world did find their precious jewel , as hundreds of thousands of tourists from around the world flocked to this little town each year , just to feast their eyes on their exotic lake and the serene beauty that seemed to enchant the eyes , be it in summer when the flowers all bloomed to their full beauty like a maiden ready for her lover to come and pluck her , winter when the whole town transformed into a winter wonderland , including the peaks of the mountains with a casting of white icing sugar , spring when the buds of plants called out to the bees to collect their nectar , or autumn with the golden - yellow leaves carpeting the entire floor , making the whole town look like the land of gold glitter in the autumn sun .
when hunter explained the name to her , he said the plant was old and wrinkly , just like her .
potted plants filled the space and made it feel tropical , calm , welcoming .
modern furniture in warm woods and black leather were softened by more potted plants .
she gazed out at the bleak landscape of low scrub plants and an occasional tall cactus - looking plant here and there .
she gazed out at the bleak landscape of low scrub plants and an occasional tall cactus - looking plant here and there .
native plants cast irregular shadows as the sun performed its daily ritual , gradually descending behind nearby rocky outcroppings .
we began to walk along the beach , stopping occasionally to look into a tide pool or to inspect an indigenous plant .
i followed the nurse through the double doors and down a long , quiet hall with lots of windows and green plants .
it was like a big , pretty greenhouse , full of plants and flowers and pretty vases .
i believe in natures cycles , an unending flow of energy that constantly transforms things , people , plants and animals into different , fascinating forms .
these things do nt even give the plant a chance before they leech on like a cancer eating up all of the nutrients , i remark .
on either side hung potted plants .
he stood up taking care not to bump the potted plant hanging from the ceiling .
spring was a little later arriving at this elevation and purple blooms still covered the tree sized plants .
it led to a short boardwalk loop on the far bank , with built - in wooden benches and interpretive plaques detailing the local plant and animal life , and the geology that had formed the landscape and the river .
flowers and plants everywhere .
the median is full of palm trees and below them plants with purple and some with white flowers .
to divine gave he also herbs for healing , ancient remedies taken from the desert , wherein is found all manner of aromatic plants .
he wanted to see if talking to a plant really helped it grow , so he had us make him a quick program .
she withers the plant down to the root that she may grow it up again fairer and stronger .
she opened it and peeked inside to see a stack of written notes about plants and gardening , as well as packets of seeds and a notebook .
tall potted plants greeted visitors from both sides of the entrance .
she added in a rush , before slowing to add , its the warmest aspect and would be great for herbs , tomatoes and other plants that like the heat .
shrubs and taller grasses for texture and built elements ; perhaps a treillage walkway or an arbour covered in laburnum or wisteria for vertical interest until the trees could gain some height , and obelisks for training flowering climbers like sweetpeas or bean plants .
there would be ample space in its beds for the cottages namesake plant and numerous other useful and beautiful herbs .
across the wisteria arbour to the north would be the fourth zone or room the practical part of the garden with the greenhouse and hotframes for growing seedlings and coldframes for hardening off the new plants set against its northern wall .
the front doorway of the cottage would look much nicer , she thought , with the addition of some plants and one of these to either side of the door would make the little place look more lived - in and charmingly countrified rather than the slightly dishevelled appearance that it currently exhibited .
gabriel stood by and watched with smiling interest as she summoned up the phrases to say that she wished to purchase the plants .
keen to see her french improve he left her to her own devices , until she became mired down in an effort to ask the vendor to hold the pots and plants for later collection .
he stepped in and before she could hand over any money , had organised the payment and asked the stall - holder to place the large pots and the plants aside until they returned to collect them .
where once he had been flesh and blood , in outward form if not innermost attitude much like other all the other folk in the garden , since his rebirth -his second coming- he thought with malicious bad - humour , he was more plant than person .
he knew he could nt yet kill the entire plant but his abilities were growing , slower than he d like but nevertheless improving and he felt the day growing nearer when he could once again challenge for mastery over the garden .
he strode away from the sickly plant .
as someone with more affinity with plants than animals , she had always admired those who had expertise with the animal kingdom .
ah well , i grow those topiary plants to hire or buy , she indicated several large pots of neatly clipped plants situated at the doors to the tent and at intervals along the tent walls , all decorated with twinkling lights .
ah well , i grow those topiary plants to hire or buy , she indicated several large pots of neatly clipped plants situated at the doors to the tent and at intervals along the tent walls , all decorated with twinkling lights .
there s no research i could find on the effects of metabolizing the plant or introducing it to the blood stream .
i sat her down on one of the ledges where the plants and flowers were planted in front of the convention hall .
well , mr . whitfield said , is nt that a pretty new plant you have .
there was a book on native new england plants that caught my attention .
i pulled out the plant book , thinking it would divert my arousal .
the acid in our urine does a number on the plants .
i could do the same thing , if i knew what plants and drugs to put in the concoction to put her to sleep for that long .
this time i know that we have gone at least a mile maybe a mile and a half when we come to a crater in the ground where some plants have grown over the edges .
in fact , michael had watered the potted plants there before .
there were lots of leafy trees and flowering plants surrounding the cemetery and it was nicely landscaped .
the plants , animals , even the rocks seem to have consciousness !
it carries night smells of exquisite beauty that many plants only yield in darkness .
i feel in communion with the earth , at one with nature , even plant form .
the plants are every bit as much alive , interacting with the air around them and responding though more slowly , to the physical world .
time melted as i became engrossed in details such as deciding which conditions were suitable for which plants .
each plant was like an individual .
paying attention to how each plant does in any particular niche and experiment with different niches until bingo , you ve found what it likes !
they were not merely plants to her , but living breathing organisms !
you have to always keep an eye out for whatever plants you put in exposed areas , for they can die on you , very fast .
sinead leaned forward and said , its really all about growing plants , in a greenhouse , but there are a few differences .
one is , that the plant is not in soil but instead , its roots are bathed in nutrient rich water which is aerated by a pump .
this way you can micro manage the nutrition the plant receives .
sarah interrupted , you mean like growing plants in a bottle of water ?
how hard is it to watch a few plants grow ?
the girls were in the process of a large scale germination process , for their first production of plants .
i must have hit some watered plants when i hit the floor .
when it was revealed she was nt pregnant , the smiles and peaceful feeling faded in a hurry , like a late spring frost rolling across their fields , wanting to steal the life of plants and crops alike .
i never had any hot girlfriends or sports cars to speak of , and since my mom never did maintain a personal myriad of plants , i usually ended up out in a field somewhere , penning verse about violets .
dark blue for water , then green for plants , then blood red for fire and finally back to light blue for air .
they went as far as the eye could see snaking off into the mist and people wandering in the narrow lane between them , stopping to touch and savour , to lift a plant up and admire it , to smell the heady scent of the roses .
the sum of the whole was much lovelier than any single bloom or lonely little plant in a green plastic pot .
the conservatory a bright room with a tiled terracotta floor and lots of pot plants was a place where ben always used to go and smoke , and just being in there brought on a craving of such power and intensity that he really thought he d have to run to the car and go and buy some .
they talked about how life on other planets could be insects or plants or something completely unimaginable .
no plants anywhere .
when cheyenne was walking up the doorstep to her fathers house , she heard a shuffling noise behind a plant near the door .
why does every man in business have to reinforce his dominance the way a tom cat sprays every blooming plant in the yard to mark his turf ?
the rooms had taken shape , potted silk plants in place , lamps on tabletops .
bud arrived within minutes , while cass was watering her house plants and securing the windows .
` ` plants .
ice plant bloomed in shades of neon purple and pink .
a winding pathway led through lush green lawns edged with winter flowering plants in all colours .
surrounding the doors and encroaching on them in some parts was some sort of flowering climbing plant that ilona did nt recognise .
there seemed to be plants and vines everywhere , all plush and green and adding an element of intimacy to each table .
it was in a far corner of the restaurant and the high - backed booth and potted plants cut us completely out of the vision of all of the other patrons .
its a plant !
arranged next to big banks of windows , were several lounge areas with overstuffed tweed chairs , tables , and exotic potted plants .
the central lobby combined an inviting and comfortable array of fieldstone , sitting areas , plants and natural elements , all reflecting the rich splendor of the outdoors .
first , they stopped at a marine park , where boardwalk paths brought the group through a coastal forest that opened to beautiful corduroy dunes speckled with succulent plant life .
her mind quiet to thoughts and revelation , she simply observed the way the wind licked a sturdy protea plant , the golden glory of fynbos growing in clusters , and a dassie sunbathing on a rock .
her eyes settled on the overturned pot on the patio , or more specifically , the deceased plant that had been housed there .
unable to look at the plant cadaver a moment longer , she stooped and scooped it up .
the plants are looking healthy , too .
there was always a vase of flowers or a potted plant on the table .
despite that , now there were shrubs and plants grown up against the wall , which was called espalier .
there were no plants or flowers in miss howe 's office , so irene had introduced a little kalanchoe in a brass pot .
it was a plant that needed practically no care , which was just as well as miss howe never watered it or apparently even noticed it .
she assured fiona that she felt strong enough now to get her bus home , but at that very moment a man called dingo arrived at the house delivering topsoil and trays of bedding plants .
she retrieved the little kalanchoe , fed it plant food and nursed it back to glowing health in her own office .
mrs williams even kept a tiny watering can at hand to make sure the plants got attention .
trapped in such a loveless marriage , she wilted like a dying plant . ''
there 's more game to catch , and tomorrow i 'll look for some edible plants to round out our diet . ''
i do n't know who the plant is , how high he ranks , but i do know he 's in a position to learn if the fbi gets any information hauer wants .
the space was little more than a narrow gap between two thick plants , and for a distressing moment , robin doubted she was slim enough to squeeze through .
he smelt smoke from the chimneys , the damp green of the plants , and his own sweat , oddly metallic .
grey would dearly have liked to know what lay behind miss twelvetrees 's animosity for the governor , but he could n't well inquire directly , and instead guided the conversation smoothly away , inquiring of philip regarding the operations of the plantation , and of miss twelvetrees regarding the natural history of jamaica , for which she seemed to have some feeling , judging by the rather good watercolours of plants and animals that hung about the room , all neatly signed ' n .
she bent over a tall rosemary plant and buried her nose in its needles .
barbara carey was sitting in a set that looked a bit like a living room , with soft chairs and a potted plant .
she does n't want to upset her or plant suggestions .
glass tabletops were carefully scattered around the room amidst a few green plants , bookcases , and a computer desk .
` ` she was out watering her plants earlier .
avocado green furniture and macrame plant hangings littered the room .
he watched through some plants as she smiled and opened the door .
on each side of the hearse , fields of squat , luminously green plants stretched out into a gray forever , broken up only by the occasional horse pasture , barn , or stand of trees .
now , the plant . ''
colorful bedding plants , small rosebushes and rhododendrons were sold in the front of the store , and she toyed with the idea of buying more geraniums for her porch planter box .
you 'd opened his window and brought him a small azalea plant that was a riot of pink flowers .
it was everywhere , in the dozens of floral arrangements and green plants that filled this tiny room , in the accordion of get - well cards that lined her windowsill , in the pad of phone messages that the nurses brought in to her each day .
that one was more like a plant than a tree .
because the bees eat the pollen from the plants that grow around you , and then , i guess you 're less likely to be allergic to those plants . ''
because the bees eat the pollen from the plants that grow around you , and then , i guess you 're less likely to be allergic to those plants . ''
a potted plant ?
he purred like robert plant and stomped like mick jagger .
they made leisurely love in the spa surrounded by tropical plants that gave a dreamy quality to the setting .
it 's kind of like the root of a celery plant .
i ' ve been meaning to ask you , tory , if you would n't mind popping past the cottage to water the potted plants while we 're on honeymoon .
she had the key to get into his place , from when he 'd been on a business trip the previous month and she 'd gone over to water his plants .
i 'd like to expand someday and have a larger shop , with gift items and live plants as well , '' she told him .
there were plants strategically placed to make the area warm and inviting and several people were moving around the lobby , coming in and out of different doors .
huge plants were strategically placed , making a person feel as if they 'd just walked into an exclusive hotel .
sea animals were swimming past , the colors of the reef , the animals , the plants - all of it was remarkable .
magnus could have lived his whole long life without becoming involved in a warlock love triangle , or hearing the endearment ` ` adorable pitcher plant of a man '' spoken in french , which ragnor did understand .
in the end magnus was able to persuade ragnor away from arequipa only by introducing him to another lovely young lady , giuliana , who knew her way in the rain forest and assured them both that she would be able to lead them to ayahuasca , a plant with remarkable magical properties .
the thick green of the undergrowth was different from the delicate leaves on trees higher up , the bright feathery shapes of some plants gently waving at the ropelike strands of others .
birds chirped from suspended gilded cages and potted plants filled every corner with lush fronds .
she was bent over watering a plant in a charcoal grey , short sleeved , turtleneck sweater dress .
she patted my head patronizingly and i shrugged away from her hand , saying , ` ` i like how i forgot for a minute there that you ' ve probably memorized the name of every plant , ever . ''
i still hesitate for another second before i return to bella to grab the rags formerly known as her dress so i can more or less safely grab the plants without ending up burned badly , although having a few itching places on my fingers will be by far less than she 's going to get anyway .
` ` this is n't really punishment , '' i tell her as i shift my grip on the stinging plants so i can aim them better .
steeling myself mentally i untangle the plants from the rags , then grab a handful before i start mashing them all over her br**sts .
she 's so incredibly wet that i feel like her juices already dampen the burn of the plants on my skin , but that 's very likely just an illusion .
leaving the boxes in the car for later , i just grab the two bags containing bella 's plants , then walk up the path to the front door .
after depositing the plants where she told me to , i walk up to the couch , first kissing her , then jazz .
epilogue jacey i race through the tropical flowers , through the plants , and over the twisted path that leads to our little rented cottage off of the most beautiful beach in hawaii .
large fire pits were strategically placed with lounge chairs surrounding them , and plants and trees were positioned to offer privacy for each grouping .
he could see the surprise in haley 's eyes as they walked through the rickety door with tall , lush plants framing it .
your hair is ... yellow , '' he began sweetly , his smile widening at her confused expression before he added , ` ` like those little plants my horse tramples in my meadow . ''
the man just sat , frozen beside her , as the odious scent of the plant ducky had called stinkweed began to waft out into the room around them .
helen had rubbed the plant over every inch of her skin as if she were putting on some lotion .
the pot described a beeline across the room , trailing the plant behind it like a comet tail .
pottery and potting soil showered the room ; the plant folded against kurt 's head and jody could hear each of the stems snapping .
` ` yeah , the crazy bitch knocked me out with a potted plant .
she noticed that vivian 's plants and flowerbeds were in reasonably good condition - better than she 'd expected .
before leaving to visit her mother , she watered the plants , lingering among the roses for a few minutes and marveling anew at her mother 's energy .
he was conscientious , hardworking and punctual ; equally important , he understood plants .
colette found her in the garden , watering her plants .
cody was growing like a well - watered plant and i suspected that by christmas he 'd need a size larger in jeans .
potted plants hung above the railing , and the door had a white wreath on the front with a black ribbon across the door .
the room had a reception desk and boasted a fake plant in each corner .
there were a lot of very impressive plants , so perfect they could n't be real , but when she poked her finger into a planter she found dirt .
hurriedly she stuck her hand behind her back and tried to dust the dirt from her finger as she crossed to a desk half - hidden behind more plants .
there were a couple of plants , smaller and less perfect than those in the lobby , and some simply framed snapshots of ms . smith and another woman smiling into the camera , their arms looped around each other 's shoulders .
according to the layout of the suite bridget had given him , and the exact measurement he 'd used to place the hole , the camera and mic were just beside the large plant that filled the empty space in that corner of the bedroom .
the button camera matt had affixed to the plant container gave him a nice view of the parlor , where larkin now stood alone .
but then , he believed in plants that looked after themselves .
i clipped branches from it so often that i soon bought a second plant and then a third .
` ` i 'll give you a few plants to start off with in the spring . ''
lots of plants .
peggy , an experienced gardener , turned the soil and added mulch before corrie inserted the tender plants into the rich - looking earth .
tessa inquired , which did not seem to will to be germane to the issue , but it was tessa 's way - she was forever asking questions ; leave her alone in a room , and she 'd begin asking questions of the furniture and plants .
he looked at her as if she were some bizarre plant that had sprung up on the spot , astonishing him .
he had fal en in the pond , and she and aunt harriet - his mother - had helped to pul him out ; his hand had been slippery with water and green - growing underwater plants .
remember when you said the only plant you could keep alive was a cactus ? ''
this was very much a woman 's room , he thought , looking at the lamps and the plants , the photographs , the books and knickknacks , some kind of sewing clamped in a round wooden frame and laid aside .
it had to be something the cops would catch , but not so obvious they would discount it as a plant .
water dripped from balconies and onto my head as residents watered their plants .
i saw birds i 'd never seen before , plants , trees , flowers , fish .
behind cassandra 's shop lay a partially enclosed courtyard filled with plants , flowers , and a fountain .
he smelled smoke from the chimneys , the damp green of the plants , and his own sweat , oddly metallic .
there was no snow on the ground today , but she could still see the shallow impressions of his tracks in the dirt and places where what remained of the plant life had been crushed .
they'l either plant more or rely on whatever bugs they have planted elsewhere . ''
there were bits of plant matter in there . ''
` ` plant matter ? ''
` ` i assumed it was pot , but after seeing the tea , i think it 's a pretty safe bet those plant bits are what he used to poison isabelle . ''
fish like green plants , like in dale 's fish tank .
she 'd researched exactly what plant went where .
of the water , the plants , even the dirt and then a faint sweet smell , like an exotic flower .
like the furniture and the toys , and all of her mom 's plants and paintings .
framed by lush potted plants and decorated in dark woods and colorful ceramic tiles , the front desk welcomed guests with a carefree yet elegant style .
inhaling , i look at my seat number only to trip over my bag and face plant into the seat next to me .
anyway , one year , for my birthday , my dad bought me like eleven cactus plants .
` ` those are chardonnay grapes , '' he said , wincing because when a plant felt pain , so did he .
varieties of potted plants she 'd never seen before lined the windowsill ; prayer ags were strung across the ceiling .
and how she 'd come in through the window in the dark without knocking over any of those plants .
luce popping up uninvited from behind a cactus plant would be the very last thing they needed .
her eyes settled on all the familiar signs that they were back : two unmade bunk beds , the clutter of plants on the windowsill , shelby 's yoga mats stacked in the corner , steven 's copy of plato 's republic sitting bookmarked on luce 's desk -- and one thing she was not expecting to see .
there came a soft thrashing sound , like the roots of a plant being pulled from a garden bed , and suddenly , miraculously , a border of moonbeam- white owers sprang up on either side of the path .
she ung open the wooden shutters , then pushed up the pane , knocking over yet another one of shelby 's thousand plants .
shelby 's got all those plants on her side of the room .
` ` plant phys .
there were a few paintings hanging on the walls , and houseplants everywhere - ferns and spider plants and a jade tree so big , it looked like an actual tree .
levi would lean over , clear one off with his sleeve , and read out loud what plants were supposed to be growing there .
his eyes roamed the room 's potted plants and ikea furniture , unsure of how that whole call just went .
every plant was in bloom and the grass was so thick and lush it looked like patches of green velvet tucked neatly between strips of cement .
mrs . mularkey had surprised them one day with bags of groceries and several silk plants , to give the place a homey feel , she said .
all those plants still thrived in the short , hot blast of a northwest summer , though , returning year after year as reminders of an earlier time , growing up and out and into one another , just like the family that lived in the house .
now , in the midst of a cold , gray november 's day , every plant looked leggy and brown .
lush green plants in ceramic and bronze pots made it almost feel as if you were outdoors .
marah flopped into a chair and stared at the plant in the corner , counting its leaves .
marah looked at the plant again .
probably , whack job , loves plants .
` ` you ca n't even keep plants alive .
she 'd been staring at the ficus plant in the corner for at least ten minutes while dr . bloom scribbled something on paper .
back then , every plant and flower and shrub had grown too tall and spread too wide .
the plants were healthier , the flowers bigger and brighter .
she wanted to fidget and look away , or count the leaves on the plant .
her plants thrived , though she was clueless as to how they managed to survive her inattention .
instead , he went into the surrounding land and found a small , newly sprouted plant .
nik holds my calf and plants soft , wet kisses up my leg .
he saw a row of potted herbs gracing the window sill along with a single cutting from a philodendron that she was apparently trying to nurse into a full grown plant .
well - manicured plants and shit lined the sidewalk , which drew a snort from chad .
carrying a couple of plants she 'd transported on the front seat , she joined emma .
and she had lots of plans - she 'd paint the walls and put up her pictures and buy some plants - to make this place cheerful and attractive .
she 'd been surprised at the greenery , then decided that the plants were edie 's doing .
embarrassed , she quickly averted her eyes to look at a potted plant in the corner of the room .
lilac blankets of heather lay thick upon the ground on both sides , the wind tugging slightly at the sturdy little plants as it whisked across them .
big , potted plants line the median of the enormous walkway , and there are colorful banners hanging high overhead that broadcast sales and specialty stores .
every time she caught his eye , she rapid - fired some chore at him : do n't forget to wrap the pipes in november ... to fertilize the plants ... to clean the barbecue grates .
she brought dozens of flowering plants with her - roses and orchids and bright yellow mums .
nicholas pulled her behind one of the plants decorating the ballroom .
when you distracted him with the japanese statue , i watered this poor plant then , too . ''
you wo n't be able to kill the plant every time . ''
` ` i 'll need your help if i ' m to ' wodka ' the plant . ''
they pulled into julia 's driveway talking about weeds and plants and what the difference was between the two .
standard dnr procedure was to contact the local wildlife manager , then aphis - the animal and plant health inspection service , a federal agency that deals with nuisance animals .
instead , the first thing that caught my eye when i walked in was the variety of tropical plants thriving around mr . thorne .
there was a table waiting for us inside , surrounded by glowing candles and plants that seemed to be growing out of the floor .
my shoes clacked on the polished hardwood floors as i walked down the hall , past a little table made of sleek black wood , with a small live bamboo plant on top of it .
it was cozy , just the right size , and there was n't a bamboo plant in sight .
lindsey twisted a handful of leaves off one of the basil plants in the window planter .
i could feel his eyes on me as i looked at the incredibly domestic , incredibly fake image - daniel posing with an empty watering can , over a plant he barely even knew existed .
on impulse , i stepped into the hardware store on the way home , picking up a small bag of potting soil for the basil plants .
i carefully dug each plant out of the packed - down soil , setting them down gently in the sink .
it was amazing that the plants were doing as well as they were , without being able to drain properly .
hastily , i set the bags of money in the sink along with the plants .
i poured on another layer of soil , then nested the plants in , taking the time even in my frantic state to massage the roots a little .
if he did n't want me to stumble across it , he should have done a better job of caring for his plants .
daniel was kneeling by the window , watering one of his plants .
` ` i ' m very busy with my plants , as you can see . ''
he sank back into the plants , smashing another row of purple blossoms .
when he 'd resigned from his previous job and joined the family advertising agency , he and renee together had chosen the glass desk , the pair of cream leather sofas and the profusion of plants .
the yard and the foundation plants needed a good trimming , having grown up almost to the level of the porch railing .
hardbound books and potted plants crowded together on a bookshelf that stood against the far wall .
i have a brown thumb when it comes to plants .
even if mr . marshall has passed , his father is still alive , and hettie wo n't let the plant go under . ''
the path was small and easy to miss because weeds and other plants were encroaching on it .
it was only later , after watching lissa make plants grow and bloom during spirit experiments , that i understood what had been happening in ms . karp 's classroom .
if anyone else had botanical landmarks and did n't know their plants and trees , they could lose candidacy right there .
lissa studied the area once more , uneasily thinking decay could apply to any plant life .
she walked around her yard , examining every plant and flower .
` ` it 's impossible in animals so far , but we ' ve proven it can work with certain plants . ''
i also flash ultraviolet light at night to increase vitamin d in some of the plants .
lena set another plant on the stage and turned .
lena picked up another plant .
he carefully set the plant at the edge of the stage , in line with all the others .
the general had halted in his erratic progress round the room , and was now staring at a potted plant in a morbid sort of way .
no noise from the house proper , all the ferns and vines and trees still - and yet , you know the way plants seem to breathe ?
smelt it , rich and sweet , above the jungle damp of the plants , mingled with the richer stink of blood and bowels .
outside , the rain had finally ceased , though the plants all bore such a burden of water that merely brushing the grass by the path soaked his stockings .
she only hoped business would hold up ; the fishing trade had slacked off a lot , due to the tennessee valley authority 's ` ` weed management '' program that had managed to kill most of the water plants that had harbored and protected the fish .
she had a green thumb ; indoor plants of all sizes occupied every available flat surface .
huge double windows revealed a deck , furnished with comfortable chairs , an umbrella table and even more plants .
with an expert eye he noted the stunted plant life dotting the desert floor , studying the growth pattern and picking out the plants that looked slightly more succulent than others growing nearby and indicating more moisture underground .
with an expert eye he noted the stunted plant life dotting the desert floor , studying the growth pattern and picking out the plants that looked slightly more succulent than others growing nearby and indicating more moisture underground .
small specks of green that testified to the sparse plant life .
i like working with plants . '
' that was your mother 's plant . '
anyway , mom buys this plant and they argue about it for a week - dad says it 's ` ` incongruous '' , mom says either the plant stays or she goes - ' she hesitates momentarily .
anyway , mom buys this plant and they argue about it for a week - dad says it 's ` ` incongruous '' , mom says either the plant stays or she goes - ' she hesitates momentarily .
' that , um , that went on for a while , ' she resumes , ' but then mom being mom , she got obsessed with something else and quit watering the plant .
you gave it plant food and pruned it . '
' yes , julie , that 's how you keep a plant alive . '
' why ca n't you admit you loved the stupid plant , dad ? '
' you can water and prune a plant but you can not ` ` love '' a plant . '
' you can water and prune a plant but you can not ` ` love '' a plant . '
his potted plant lay drunkenly to one side and one puppy pawed through the pile of dirt .
terra - cotta pots lined the colorful cobblestones and burst with various herbs and fruit plants , just waiting to sprout at the first sign of spring .
carina watched her sexy make - out session wither away like a neglected plant turned into a weed .
but as he continued to study her , he spotted so much more beneath the rippling , cool surface , like discovering a vivid coral hidden beneath the muddy brambles of dull sea plants .
the cheerful yellow on the walls and the spill of vivid green plants and bright red geraniums in her window box .
she felt almost swamped by the plant life .
the stream created a break in the foliage that allowed more sunlight to pour down , letting the plants grow much more thickly .
the constant , torrential rains leeched the nutrients out of the soil , making the jungle into a contradiction , where the world 's greatest variety of animal and plant life existed on some of the poorest soil .
they were draped in vines and bushes that had sprung to life already , feeding off the death of the great plant .
it was several long seconds before she saw it again , a bit of tanned skin and a green shape that was not plant or animal , but a cap .
citrus trees and flowering plants overflowed from giant pots around the patio .
` ` true , but larson 's is the opposite direction from the boeing plant . ''
erin had flowered in his arms like a rare tropical plant .
` ` did you move all those plants , too ?
` ` my garden needs watering , and uncle adam said it 's important to give the plants a drink every morning and every night . ''
he had nothing to check on - no plants , no goldfish , and probably nothing interesting on his answering machine , but it sounded like a reasonable excuse .
she pictured him striding along , glorying in the magnificence of the plant .
loaf and leaves was a trendy little place with small oak tables and chairs , lots of hanging plants , and a menu of salads , soups , and sandwiches served cafeteria - style .
they used an ointment made out of indigenous plants , but he had n't recognized the names .
no matter how cold and bitter the winter or how driving the rainstorms , her beloved plants came back to life , returning with the seasons .
every plant , every flower , every shrub was placed according to her plan .
her once - beloved plants seemed to be climbing over one another in a rush to leave their confinement .
before , she would have seen disorder here , plants that grew where they were n't supposed to and bloomed with abandon .
a watering system had kept everything alive ; plants , like people , learned to grow in rocky terrain .
i am a carnivorous plant .
like how she felt when she sat on top of a coffee house , in the rooftop garden among flowering bushes , small plants , little herb gardens ; the hippie feel of the kind of place that had been regulated out of cities like boston and cambridge .
like the plants and animals , the children of southern california sensed the coming of the sun .
she 'd chosen every tile , every fixture ; all through the house were incongruous little items of whimsy - an angel here , a gargoyle there , a ratty old macrame plant hanger in the corner of a room with thousand - dollar - a - square - foot wooden paneling , a family photo in a homemade shell frame .
pulling on a pair of gloves , she attacked the dead plant and yanked a handful out by the roots .
perhaps in an attempt to recapture some of that simple happiness , valerie had bought several large plants for her condo .
` ` he is , '' she said , setting the plant aside .
a small garden plot had been scratched into the earth nearby , but the few plants showing were no more than sprouts , the tender leaves limp and blackened with late frost .
` ` a gentleman from philadelphia , come into the mountains to collect plants .
i am told by the trader from whom i procured jesuit bark that the indians use a plant called gallberry , which rivals the bark of cinchona for bitterness and is thought capital for use in tertian and quartan fevers .
my tastebuds were still in a state of revolt ; i 'd never met a more aptly named plant , and being boiled into syrup had merely concentrated the flavor .
` ` they come across the treaty line , build houses , plant fields , and take the game .
` ` i would love to find some dye plant that gives a true purple , '' she said wistfully .
but above the dust and sweat of horse , the tang of stirrup leather , and the whiff of crushed plants , i could distinctly smell the reek of smoke .
she was an apt pupil , observant and quick , with a good memory for plants .
leaving them with refreshment , i escaped to my surgery and spent a pleasant quarter of an hour alone with the herbs , decanting infusions and separating a heap of rosemary to dry , surrounded by pungent scent and the peacefulness of plants .
it was dim inside the stable , and water dripped steadily from the plants growing out of the cliffside above , making a curtain of falling drops across the open door .
these two were arguing in whispers , but near enough that he made out most of what they said ; they were no more than a few feet from him , hidden by a thick growth of rushes and cattail plants that stood nearly as high as a man 's head .
i glanced toward the western end of the garden , where the bees were buzzing happily among the tall yellow umbels of the dauco plants .
there were blackened lumps there , too - though she thought these were the remains of some plant material ; one was greenish , maybe a stem of something , incompletely burned .
i had pulled up my roots , and lay like a wilted plant ; sinking them back into the earth was beyond me for the moment .
he slid down a short slope , dirt and uprooted plants spraying up around his feet , lost his balance and fell at the bottom , bounded up and dashed into an oak copse , where he plastered himself behind a screen of saplings , breathing hard .
monsters , odd plants , i suppose .
then he changed in a flash , became the hunter , creeping carefully through the brush , pausing , squatting low - and springing upward with a sharp yelp , as his buttock encountered a thorny plant .
he had used one of the sheets of the special paper bree had made by pressing a digested pulp of rags and plant matter between silk screens .
if it had been open overnight , the deer would have eaten every lettuce , onion , and bulb plant in the plot , to say nothing of ruining the- i jerked , letting out a small cry .
we lay pressed flat for a few moments , and i became aware of the uncomfortably spiky plant squashed under my cheek , the scent of its leaves harsh and bitter in my nose .
accustomed to wander alone in the woods in search of food plants and herbs , she had been doing so during the height of the dysentery epidemic .
they had rolled away into a hollow , locked together , struggling , and he had flung himself through the clinging plants in pursuit , some weapon - what , what had he held ? -in his fist .
the sky was gray with cloud from horizon to horizon , and everything beneath its bowl seemed muted , with only the whisper of the moor plants speaking in the voices of the men who fed them .
brianna turned to the thicket of moor plants that edged the path on the other side .
i 'll take my plant press ; maybe i can find some crown vetch - i promised some to dr . abernathy for his research .
` ` does your mother need help with that plant press ? ''
she just found a plant by the path she could n't resist .
the progress of the three visitors was slow ; they wandered their way casually through the old kirkyard , roger and brianna pausing to read aloud quaint inscriptions from the weathered stones , claire , on her own , stooping now and then to clip a vine or uproot a small flowering plant .
the plant she had pulled was crushed in her hand , unregarded .
i saw what he meant , as the lady in question picked up the evident source of altercation , a small jar containing a pickled plant of some kind , took aim , and flung it with considerable force and accuracy into the glass front of the cabinet .
still , he corresponded with du carrefours from geneva ; i know this , for he told me so himself - he supplied various substances to order : plants , elixirs , the dried skins of animals .
the pale ridges were split and fissured from time and weather , spattered with thousands of strange , tiny plants that had found a foothold in the merest scrape of eroded soil .
he drew in his breath as his fingers touched the prickly stems , but his jaw clenched ; he closed his fist and ripped the plants up by the roots .
i opened my eyes to find jamie sitting cross - legged by me , the plants thrown aside and scattered on the ground .
fresh white surfaces showed where the stained brown of the weathered limestone had fractured , and only the smallest of plants had yet gained a foothold in this tumbled pile of rock , unlike the thick growth of shrubs that blanketed the rest of the hillside .
` ` so are most other kinds of plants - oranges and lemons are best , but of course you ca n't get those here - but onions , cabbage , apples ... eat something like that every day , and you wo n't get scurvy .
once , and twice , and again , and once again , and the tremor rose through him and through me , like the rising of water through the roots of a plant and into its leaves .
i had halted my pony , who took advantage of the recess to nose about among the meager shreds of plant life still to be found .
the darkness released all the pungent green scents of the trees and plants along the water 's edge , mingling with the damp mud of the riverbank and the scent of sun - warmed wood from the deck of the boat .
` ` the shape hopped away and disappeared into the moist plants by the path .
i could smell the musky scent of him that made me want to pull him from his thoughts into the border , unbelt him and let the plaid fall from his shoulders , pull down my bodice and press my br**sts against him , take him down half - naked and wholly roused among the damp green plants , and force him from his thoughts to mine .
` ` i saw some arrowhead plant down near the stream , '' i said .
the stream ran cold and silver in the moonlight , chilling my hands and feet as i stood calf - deep in the water , groping for tubers of the arrowhead plant .
i tagged behind , enjoying the scenery , pausing now and then to gather some fascinating plant or root , stowing my treasures in the bag at my belt .
` ` it 's a rare plant , '' he said , touching the sprig in my open hand .
` ` ah - ye havena been eating any o ' the plants ye picked this morning , have ye , sassenach ?
i was having waking nightmares , though ingestion of hallucinogenic plant substances had nothing to do with it .
the rain had stopped , but the trees were still dripping , and the air was composed of equal parts water vapor and pure oxygen , spiced with pungent green scents from every plant on the mountainside .
` ` for your wee herbs and bits of plants .
gabrielle conveyed politely that her husband 's grandmother would be pleased to show me the useful plants that grew nearby , if i would like to walk with her ?
` ` each of the plants holds the cure to a sickness , '' the old lady explained through gabrielle .
the air was thick and sweet with the breath of green plants , the tang of herbs and musk of dead leaves , overlaid and interlaced with the scents of the storm - wet rock , damp earth , and rising mist , and a sharp hint of ozone , sudden as the lightning that had struck the tree .
it was too early in the year for most medicinals ; for medicine , the older and tougher the plant , the better ; several seasons of fighting off insects ensured a higher concentration of the active principles in their roots and stems .
also , with many plants , it was the flower , fruit , or seed that yielded a useful substance , and while i 'd spotted clumps of turtlehead and lobelia sprouting in the mud along the path , those had long since gone to seed .
perhaps the legends of green men and the myths of transformed nymphs began this way , i thought : not with trees come alive and walking , nor yet with women turned to wood - but with submersion of warm human flesh into the colder sensations of the plants , chilled to slow awareness .
a charm , he thought it was - some plant ?
seen last in early morning , having declared intention to visit the circle in search of unusual plant specimens , did not return by dark .
he said , seeing the dirt and plant stains on her clothes .
also enclosed you will find a small present for yourself ; the patterning is contrived by use of the quills of this same porpentine , which the indians dye with the juices of several plants , before weaving them in the ingenious manner you see before you .
claire has been recently much interested by conversation - if the term can be used for a communication limited mostly to gesticulations and the making of faces ( she insists i note here that she does not make faces , to which i reply that i am in better case to judge of the matter , being able to see the face in question , which she is not ) -in conversation with an old woman of the indians , much esteemed in this area as a healer , who has given her many such plants .
it was a steep climb , and small thorny plants caught at her stockings .
` ` there was one dream in particular ... '' it had been night in the dream , somewhere tropical , with fields of tall green plants that might have been sugarcane , and fires burning in the distance .
each of the plants carries an antidote to some illness - if we only knew what it was .
still , i knew one thing she had not - the manifold virtues of that smallest of plants , the lowly bread mold .
it 's barren - no plants , no water , no air - but sort of beautiful , in an eerie kind of way . ''
he used to joke that she - that she 'd leave us someday , and go find a place where she could live by herself , with nothing but her plants . ''
damn the dry weather ; it had n't rained in nearly a month , and the shrunken haft of his ax was less worrying than the drooping heads of the plants in claire 's garden near the house .
i had searched the woods for nearly two weeks , but it was so late in the year that the leaves of the smaller herbs had yellowed and fallen ; it was impossible to recognize plants that were no more than brown sticks .
a cliff , forty feet high and overgrown with shaggy plants , a twisted persimmon tree protruding from a crack in the rock like a jack - in - the - box popping out , covered in bright orange bobbles .
and down again , a scrambling drop down the wet , cracked face of a twenty - foot cliff , grabbing at the plants as he half fell past them , roots ripping , hands sinking into pockets of mud , blunting his fingers on unseen rocks .
he could see the dense black mass of the rhododendrons , showing between and above the stones - but not one plant grew within the perimeter of the ring .
i tried without success to think whether gregor mendel had yet started messing about with his pea plants , but gave up the effort , too sleepy to concentrate .
` ` the one as knows about plants of all sorts .
` ` mrs . randall 's verra much interested in the wee plants , '' she confided to her companion , who inclined his head in a combination of politeness and deafness .
` ` i ' ve some presses - the real ones , mind - for plants and such .
i assured mr . crook that i would be delighted to make use of the plant presses , and still more delighted if he would show me where some of the rarer plants in the area could be found .
i assured mr . crook that i would be delighted to make use of the plant presses , and still more delighted if he would show me where some of the rarer plants in the area could be found .
the old man did indeed know a lot about the local plants , i discovered .
i wished i had brought a notebook to get it all down , but listened intently to the cracked old voice , and did my best to commit the information to memory as i stowed our specimens in the heavy plant presses .
` ` my husband would be fascinated , '' i told mr . crook , stopping to thank him for showing me the place and the plants .
casting an eye over the ground , though , i did see an interesting plant growing near the base of one of the tall stones .
` ` looking for that plant , '' i answered , sticking a finger between the pages to mind my place .
` ` why are you so interested in that plant ? ''
` ` it 's not the plant i care about .
the plant was easier to find .
i took several clippings of the vine and stowed them temporarily in my handkerchief , meaning to deal with them properly when i got back to mrs . baird 's tiny car , where i had left the heavy plant presses .
a half - moon had come up , and the light was bright enough to pick out the leaves of the mallow plants growing on the roadside , but the shadows in the clefts of the rock could hide anything .
the moonlight made walking deceptive ; though i could see every detail of the ground , i had no depth perception ; flat plants and jagged stones looked the same height , causing me to lift my feet absurdly high over nonexistent obstacles and stub my toes on protruding rocks .
jamie kept a tight hold on my arm , hauling me upright when i stumbled over rocks and plants .
it would seem ye ' ve some knowledge of plants , and if you ' ve a mind to , ye might lend a hand there in your spare moments . ''
garlic keeps the wee bugs awa ' from the other plants .
the hand that took mine was slender , with long , tapering white fingers , though i noticed the tips were stained , probably with the juices of the plants and berries resting alongside the mallow roots in her basket .
geillis was very knowledgeable about the local plants and their medicinal uses , though she suggested a few usages i thought questionable , to say the least .
the long fingers curled delicately toward the palm , distorted by the water so that they seemed to wave gently to and fro in unison , like the leaves of a water plant , though i saw from the still muscling of his forearm that he was not moving his hand at all .
there were no trees atop the rock , but the smaller plants , the ones that could gain a foothold in the precarious cracks and root themselves in meager soil , sprouted here and there , raising their faces bravely to the hot spring sun .
since jamie 's part seemed to be limited mainly to grunts and exclamations of interest , i could glean little of the content , and busied myself instead with a survey of the strange little rock plants sprouting from the surfaces of our perch .
the only sounds here were the stirrings of plants , the occasional skreek of a nightbird , and the soft thudding steps of the horses .
and cobhar is fond of the young water plants .
` ` you smell different ; been digging plants today ? ''
` ` it was a small bundle of plants , plucked up roughly by the roots , and bound together with a bit of black thread .
the plants were wilted , but a pungent smell still rose from the drooping leaves .
returning to the bed , he energetically brushed the crumbs of earth from the plants ' roots into the palm of his hand and threw them out after the bundle .
jamie asked with interest , looking out at the straggly vines and plants , beaten to the earth by the rain .
she was holding a small bundle of dried plants , tied with three twisted threads ; black , white , and red .
we forded the brook and wandered up into the foothills , gathering such late summer plants as still lingered , together with the ripening berries of early autumn and the thick yellow shelf fungus that sprouted from the trunks of trees in the small shady glens .
we had been traveling for the best part of a week , sleeping out - of - doors , washing in the cold , fresh water of the burns , and living quite well off such rabbits and fish as jamie could catch , and such edible plants and berries as i could find .
the edge of the pond bank was thick with water plants , and i foraged with my digging stick for mallow root and the small , fine - leaved dropwort .
she pulled the basket onto her lap and pawed expertly through the remaining plants , while i watched with a mixture of amusement and irritation .
` ` i brought your wee bits of plant and such as well , '' he said , with a jerk of the head at the window .
some of the medicinal plants were rare , and had taken no little trouble to find and prepare properly .
small jamie was ` ` helping '' me , yanking out plants with mad abandon and flinging bits of stick in all directions .
` ` plant potatoes , '' i said .
i had n't noticed before , but there were no broken sheets of ice in the corners of the trough , as there were on the holy water fonts outside the church , and small green plants floated in the water , sprouting from the cracks between the rocks that lined the pool .
he pointed to the far end of the trough , were i could see a small opening in the rocks , half obscured by the drifting water plants .
he stretched luxuriously , long legs wavering under the glassy surface like the stems of water plants .
different mixtures for different things - but one plant in particular for that ; she said the seeds of it would keep a man 's spirit from overwhelming a woman 's . ''
` ` what 's the plant - the women 's herb ? ''
she did show it to me , both the growing plant and the dried seeds , and i ' m sure i 'd know it again - but it was n't a plant i knew by an english name .
she did show it to me , both the growing plant and the dried seeds , and i ' m sure i 'd know it again - but it was n't a plant i knew by an english name .
a crude picture of a plant had been drawn on the front in brownish ink ; something with an upright stalk and what looked like umbels .
no wonder the drawing seemed familiar ; this must be the plant that nayawenne had once shown me - the women 's plant .
no wonder the drawing seemed familiar ; this must be the plant that nayawenne had once shown me - the women 's plant .
as though the entire house was not filled from doorstep to rooftree with plants already , and her saddlebags a - bulge with more !
he let go of claire and turned to find roger snatching a fistful of ragged - looking plants away from gideon 's questing roman nose .
she reached then , and took the plants from him , her fingers small and cold as they brushed his hand .
i swallowed , seeing in memory the small bunch of thorny plants , so carefully bound with red thread and with black .
` ` it 's only that i know a bit about plants .
duncan suffered from chronic constipation ; in fact , i had brought a packet of senna leaves and coffee - plant roots for him , in spite of jamie 's rude remarks about what constituted a suitable wedding present .
the smells of the plants and the fresh - turned earth rose round him as the air cooled , strong as incense .
i tactfully turned my back and wandered a few steps away , affecting to have discovered an absorbing new plant springing from the ground near my feet .
roger smiled ruefully to himself as he made his way carefully down a slope covered with tiny yellow - flowered plants .
scattered bits of dried plants , a few tiny bones , and other debris lay strewn round it .
` ` ha bloody ha , '' he mother replied tartly , dusting the little heap of dried plant matter onto the table with the bones .
she nodded at the table , where the amulet 's empty pouch lay beside the bones and plant debris .
` ` there were crumbs of dried plant matter stuck to the honey around his mouth , but surely that was just rosemary or thyme ... '' offended at the close scrutiny , he tried to whack her with the clamp , but she seized his wrist in a grip of iron , removing the clamp from his grasp with her other hand .
he was close to water ; he could n't hear it yet , but could smell the sweet , resinous scent of some plant that grew on streambanks .
he did n't know what it was called , or even for sure which plant it was , but he recognized the scent .
i looked where he was looking , and saw nothing but the wall of the cliff , some ten feet away , festooned with small rock plants .
nothing moved save a sparkle of sun on the riffles , but it was plain that the cows had been there ; the mud of the bank was cut and churned with drying hoofprints , and in one place , the dying plants had been pawed away in a long , messy trough where something large had wallowed .
i had the ordinary solvents - alcohol , water , turpentine and its distillates - and i had a great range of plant pigments to try , from indigo to rosehips , along with a good working knowledge of their dyeing properties .
he blundered into the weeds , felt the grasp and slash of sawgrass on arm and leg , rolled half - over , gasping , salt burning in the cuts , and then was on his hands and knees , crawling through the growth of marsh plants , black needlerushes waving over his head , rain pounding on his back , the water lapping just below his chin .
fortunately for otter - tooth - if it was indeed he - he had been familiar with a number of edible plants , and seemed extremely pleased with himself for recognizing pawpaw and persimmon .
elizabeth had a good idea how heavy it was , however , for she loved potted plants and her condo was always full of greenery .
jackie usually had weekend assignments , and whenever she was on duty , chrissie watered her plants and brought in her mail .
what are you going to , you know , plant ?
or you could run more cattle and put the wheat ground into pasture or plant seed to cut for hay .
li had already made sure she knew what plants were weeds and what ones were supposed to be growing .
other dead things , too , and not just plants .
as i scrubbed my face with a wet washrag , i watered my dry , brittle plants , multitasking to save time .
i shook my head , and my gaze landed on a junglelike corner of thriving plants , brilliant green and dewy .
my plants were dry , nearing death .
just behind me , a plant flickered with orange - gold flames .
shaking , i pointed my hands at the plant and the drops concentrated on that spot .
now , it housed rows of long tables supporting various potted plants .
there she found him watering the plants he experimented with .
eliza examined the two disparate plants , now connected at the stem .
` ` normally these plants grow best in a tropical climate , so i am doubly pleased by the success . ''
he returned his attention to watering his plants .
he flicked a small bug off a plant leaf .
the fronds of a plant obscured the top cabinet , and i zeroed in on a smal silver circle on the top right corner .
with a sense of excitement , i hurried back to my mother 's study and pul ed the plant to the floor .
he watched me locate the keys to cynthia 's safe , fol owed me to her study , and then pul ed the plant to the floor without effort .
jared lifted the plant as if it were an empty cardboard box and returned it to its proper place .
the plant jared held caught her eye .
come and sit , dinner is almost ready , '' she said , carrying the smal plant with her .
the swamp was vast and imposing but so far they had n't encountered much wildlife , and there were few plants she was certain she could eat as she was unfamiliar with this area .
everything inside her shriveled up like a plant without water .
do you have pets , plants , anything ? ''
if the doc felt it necessary , he 'd buy her a plant , but he did n't see how watering a cactus once a week would help .
he shifted his knees farther apart , leaned over her back to plant kisses on her spine , then her lower back , then her ass .
she decided to go sit in the atrium to read among the flowers and plants .
it had seven rooms , and a large terrace - balcony where they could barbecue and lie in the sun , and where she could put her multitude of plants .
she did n't trust others to recognize the plants she used .
the mccabes had an excellent stock of plants and roots , and now her skirt was full as she trudged toward the door .
' t was funny since it had n't been overlong since she 'd seen him at all , but still she soaked him in like a parched plant soaked in rain .
tall green plants sat in clusters here and there , thriving under the bountiful sunshine the room would have during the day .
the roots of the plants have dug their way in through tiny cracks , soaking up the water that 's trapped there each time it rains . ''
halls were dark and long and skinny , not huge and bright and filled with live plants in every corner .
there were green plants and small trees growing everywhere , making the room feel almost like it was part of the outdoors .
sister olive shook her head and went about tending her plants .
the scents of tomato plants and herbs filled the greenhouse , calming hope 's frayed nerves .
hope soaked up the older woman 's words like thirsty plants soaked up water , and then sent up a prayer of thanks that this woman had been the one who 'd found her all those years ago .
you need to nurture it like a plant or it 'll die on the vine . ''
twin suns burned bright and the air was thick with moisture , making lush plants bloom all around .
it was some kind of bulb - based plant that someone was growing indoors .
it was sensory overload : delicate music , fountains , plants , people in white robes , everything gleaming and silver ...
the two of them had dug up a bunch of scraggly plants that had died or gone dormant for the winter and put them in little pots .
a moment later , the scrappy little plant turned green and sprouted leaves .
he lightly placed his fingers on a different plant .
then , a few moments later , the plant shuddered a little .
` ` hardly , '' he said , glaring at the plant .
you made a plant grow - with your mind .
she performed her trick on another plant .
i noticed then that she 'd also made the plant grow .
sighing , he moved to a new plant , but she gestured him back .
nodding , he turned his attention to his original plant .
finally , at long last , the plant twitched again .
` ` i was pretty badass with that plant , was n't i ?
` ` well ... you see , the thing is , when lissa did the second plant ... her aura dimmed a little . ''
he looked like he was trying hard , like adrian had with the plant .
it was filled with plants and trickling waterfalls .
he apparently had an extensive knowledge of healing plants .
ryland drew lily into his arms , pressing her back into the multitude of potted plants , an ardent lover , his back to their right , his entire body protecting her from prying eyes .
` ` do you think cowlings was a plant ?
a row of plants on the counter have all wilted to yellow wisps as the sick and the desperate for birth control gather en masse in the tiny petri dish of a room .
it was empty now , except for an employee covering plants for the night .
she loved her carefree life and did n't mind that home was a sparsely furnished efficiency apartment in l.a . with no live plants and a refrigerator that was usually empty .
despite the clutter of books , plants and artsy objects , he was impressed with the sense of welcome it exuded .
mike mowed the lawn , trimmed the hedges , and helped her plant impatiens in the flower box .
no photographs or paintings on the walls , no magazines , no newspapers stacked on the end table , no plants .
a quiet man with a passion for perfection , nathan little had worked on some of the most famous gardens in north carolina - the biltmore estate , the tryon place , the duke botanical gardens - and he knew more about plants than anyone i 'd ever met .
people talked to dogs and cats , they talked to plants , they sometimes screamed at sporting events on the television .
nathan little was looking forward to starting his project , and when i called he informed me that the plants i 'd ordered earlier that week from the nursery were already loaded on his truck .
a truck and trailer held various tools and equipment , and three pickups were packed with flats of low flowering plants .
some of the workers began to unload the plants , bushes , and trees , stacking them into wheelbarrows and rolling them to their appropriate spots .
the answering machine , flashing with messages , sat next to a small potted plant .
a single bulb glowed above the battered front door , and a small potted plant hung near an american flag , both moving gently in the breeze .
whereas st . vladimir 's and the court 's grounds had been lush and filled with plants and trees , the land here was stark and lonely .
it was a pretty zoo : lots of plants , trees , and decent - sized enclosures .
having returned from their eventful excursion in town , alexandra and mary were quietly enjoying their tea together in the conservatory , where several of the plants were already in full bloom , when alexandra 's butler appeared .
she bent and urged his foot out of the way , then tried to fluff up the plant he 'd crushed with his step .
she was tearing the plants from the ground when an alarmed cry rose up behind her .
she asked , gathering the plants she 'd uprooted .
she very much suspected he would like to wrest the plants from her and put them back exactly where she 'd taken them from , despite being warned of their horrible effects .
the floor wascovered with a scanty carpetof rushes so old there were plants and - worse - molds growing in them .
she hadn'tevenconsideredthat issue yet , but a garden and the herbs andmedicinal plants it provided couldbe as indispensable as a well .
bad news is catherine had an allergic reaction to some unknown plant and she broke out in hives and dad had to rush her to the nearest town .
she stood up with the thyme plant in her hand .
the opening was covered by some large , natural plant life that grew in the hard earth next to it .
i mean , there were lovely meadows and the sun never set and water so clear you can see miles down to the colorful plant life on the bottom and flowers of every variety you could imagine , but ... do you know they have literal streets of gold ?
ready to scream in panic , frustration and fear , she dove into a dense area of plant growth .
his nostrils flared and quivered as he took position in a dense snarl of plants .
had adrianna been a plant lover ?
the modern stone sculptures , plant holders and glass - and - steel dining set could n't keep the slab from looking like a giant diving platform from which you could tumble right over the edge .
the plant hung on .
he grabbed at the plants himself with his other hand .
there was some exotic red - and - green - leafed plant growing on her , almost harmonizing with her dark skin .
` ` never mind anything deadly to plants . ''
the plant started to shrivel .
the plants began to drop off more and more quickly , shriveling at the first touch of the flame .
a picture of a huge green plant , something on the order of a rubber plant , with arms and legs sticking out .
a picture of a huge green plant , something on the order of a rubber plant , with arms and legs sticking out .
` ` turning into a plant .
over the fireplace were sprays of dried flowers and plants , which gave off a pleasant fragrance .
` ` what unusual - plants . ''
yes , she could see how you might think that fresh plants were full of that life .
` ` you 'd better ask laurel that ; she 's the expert on plants . ''
he sidestepped the round iron table and chairs , decorated with a few potted plants and hanging ferns .
flowering plants lined empty bookcases under a wide window with southern exposure .
she walked over to a countertop and removed two bottles of chilled red and white wine and a cellophane - wrapped plant .
nestled in a hand - painted pot was a delicate orchid plant .
and slowly but surely , her students responded to her nurturing ways , like young plants to sun and water .
she would have them plant seeds in dixie cups and label them in an effort to encourage them to read ; she would have the students catch bugs and name those as well , hoping to spark intellectual curiosity about the natural world .
figuring joanne barry would appreciate a plant even more than flowers , he found a flowering orchid that fit his bill .
` ` the note you left me , with the plant . ''
besides the office paraphernalia he 'd requested , she 'd added plants , art that actually looked like something recognizable and a sofa long enough for him to stretch out on if he had to pull an all - nighter in the office .
if there had been any plants in his complexes , he had n't noticed them .
the plants she 'd added to block the late afternoon rays would n't cure this problem .
lucky for him , his personal assistant , marie , knew where to find the right ammo.mitch rounded the house with carlos , the kincaid manor groundskeeper , and two large potted plants on hand trucks .
not a place to impress a girl , in her opinion , yet he had with his extensive knowledge of the exotic plants growing there .
` ` you still like plants ?
a cluster of lush plants created a small jungle near the wall of windows .
outside the uncurtained glass she spotted a patio with more plants , the corner of the swimming pool and the dallas skyline in the glow of the setting sun .
for more than blindly sniffing plants .
he caught her hand and scraped his nails lightly over her palm then guided her fingers over the pointy leaves of a plant before carrying her hand to her nose .
his fingers threaded through hers , his palm flattening over the back of her hand , and then he brushed their joined hands over a smooth , cool plant .
she fondled the plant , stroking the fronds the way she wanted to stroke lucas 's skin .
she had blooming orchids mixed in with the emerald - green tropical plants and fragrant gardenias .
the office had modern art decorating the walls , large green plants in the corners and soft leather furniture in a deep shade of brown .
furthermore ... '' she halted midsentence as it occurred to her that this man might be a plant of simon 's , that he 'd purposely headed right over to chat with her .
` ` furthermore , i recognized your plant . ''
` ` my ... plant ? ''
` ` about this , uh , plant you mentioned . ''
` ` i stick to plants , '' she said .
two leather recliners face each other , and spider - looking plants - long vines full of white - and - green leaves - hang down from the ceiling to frame the bay window that overlooks a stone birdbath and a garden of colorful flowers .
because this has to be the most beautiful ring i have ever seen in my whole entire twenty - six years on this plant .
an assortment of potted plants was sunning on the porch , but there were n't any ornamentals in the small yard , which gave it a bare look .
she would be all alone , and he 'd bet she had zero outdoor skills , like starting a fire or building shelter , much less knowing what plants were safe to eat .
he knew enough about plants and herbs to know what to eat and what to avoid .
we were all trained to know what kind of plants we can and ca n't eat .
and when they dominated her sexually , she flowered open like a plant reaching for the sunlight .
over there by the giant nurse log that sprouted a dozen smaller plants was where tommy had first kissed angie ... and tried to feel her up .
the azalea plant was from maria .
the plant was on one side of him , with a fidgeting jamie on the other .
` ` but there 's nothing - no broken plants , no leaves on the ground , nothing . ''
she settled for sweeping everything off the countertop - a couple of potted plants , membership applications , a couple of pens - onto the floor and flounced out with the parting shot that her lawyer would be in touch with me .
then i raced around watering plants and packing what clothes i thought i 'd need for a few days at the beach , which was n't many .
there was n't a plant in sight .
` ` not only that , '' i yelled after him , ` ` you do n't have a single plant in this house and it depresses me to be here ! ''
i stared at the poor bedraggled plant .
` ` you said the house did n't have a single plant in it , like that somehow made it unlivable or something .
so here 's your plant . ''
` ` a plant 's a plant .
` ` a plant 's a plant .
he unlocked the door before he answered with a cautious , ` ` plants eat ? ''
` ` of course plants eat .
then i looked at the plant i held and shook my head .
my injured arm was protesting holding the weight of the plant , even though i was using my right arm to do most of the work and was mostly balancing the thing with my left hand .
while he was bringing in my bags , i had the plant in the sink , gently spraying it with cool water in an attempt to revive it .
` ` because you have abused this plant to the point that it may not live .
i do n't think i could ever live in a house without plants . ''
he used a long screwdriver to stab through the plastic , and in short order the bedraggled plant was sitting in the bucket in the laundry room sink , the root - ball soaked and draining .
i left him a message to pick up some plant food .
she 'd especially mentioned the large backyard she intended to fill with plants and flowers .
misty turned , hugging a potted plant to her stomach .
misty narrowed her eyes and sat the plant on the desk .
out of nowhere cole had appeared and surprised them all with an extensive knowledge of plants .
` ` not that manuel ever uses any of these plants , but when i was nine i became interested in herbs , and my mother helped me learn what was what .
isabel had surrounded the decrepit place with a variety of plants she 'd dug up from the hills .
even though she wore gloves to carry the buckets , the wire handles were merciless ; the constant care her plants and the lemon trees required in this heat was wearing her down .
he 'd made a cozy place for them in a secluded area where ice plant grew in the dunes that kept them hidden .
even plants .
vladimir healed plants and animals .
she listened while i went over the basics of photosynthesis , and then the anatomy of plant cells .
claire , however , might as well be a picture on the wall or a potted plant for all the attention they paid to her .
green plants in pots gleamed against the beautiful backdrop .
in fact , ye 'll give her twins the first time ye plant yerself in her . ''
vases , artwork , dead plants , her mother 's beloved wildlife figurines and the glass curio cabinet where they 'd been housed were all in pieces , scattered through the room .
kimber glanced at a long row of empty chairs in the waiting room perched on brownish indoor / outdoor carpet and surrounded by dusty silk plants .
brushed nickel accented the rest of the office , along with glass shelves peppered with books , silk plants , and heinously expensive pottery .
a wide porch held up by four slender columns shielded a host of flowering plants and a hanging bench swing .
i ' m going to have the gardeners plant bushels of it here so every time i walk by i will be reminded of you . ''
she smelled freshly turned earth and blooming plants before spotting the shadowy outline of a roof - top terrace .
a flat - screen in every room ran continuous forest - scene footage to give him the il usion of the deep woods - even in the heart of the city - and he kept a jungle of plants healthy with the help of a plant sitter .
a flat - screen in every room ran continuous forest - scene footage to give him the il usion of the deep woods - even in the heart of the city - and he kept a jungle of plants healthy with the help of a plant sitter .
there were n't enough plants to suit him , but otherwise , it worked .
during dinner she 'd learned the mansion had ten bedrooms in addition to the obligatory bil iard room , library , and conservatory , which she had to assume contained a bunch of exotic plants .
it is extremely sparsely decorated , which is to say that there are two folding chairs , a hang in there kitten poster , a dead potted plant , a computer , and a fancy printer .
just walking around , her in that hoodie , and me making jokes about the latin names of the plants , and her saying that ficaria verna would be a good name for a nerdcore hip - hop crew that only raps in latin , and so on .
so you ' ve conditioned the soil and kept all your animals and dumb humans from gorging on the poisonous scenery : now it 's time to plant , plant , plant your crops like your life depended on it , because it does .
the ground is springy but not wet , the verdant greenery of the new plants poking out with sweet hope .
amanda is deep in thought , eyes on the windowsill , staring so intently at a small basil plant that it might spontaneously turn into pesto sauce .
by the time i ' m okay , chuckles has moved on to peeing on a plant , a doorstop painted like a bunny , and someone 's stray target bag filled with dish soap .
normally lauren would have been in her apartment in warm wooly socks , tending her plants .
packed with flowers , plants and colorful framed fabrics , an oasis in the middle of winter .
lauren turned the fern stand so the other side of the plant received equal time in the sun .
her smarts , her ambition , even her obsession with packing every square inch of her apartment with plants .
his choice of a family - owned italian restaurant full of plants charmed her .
sure , she jammed too much furniture and plant life into her apartment back in manhattan , but this space ?
his hawaiian shirt was a little over - the - top , but there were flowers and plants everywhere , just as she would have wanted , which made her all the more emotional .
airy with live plants , a glass desk and several cream - colored sofas for impromptu meetings .
his empty house that was n't even close to becoming a home until lauren stepped inside with her ideas for filling it with furniture and plants .
a plant nursery brought visions of him helping with a garden .
restrained tension hummed through him , stringing him as taut as the twine he worked to twist around the wilting plant behind his desk .
hatch anchored the stake on a struggling strawberry plant he 'd grafted from home .
his fingers twitched , snapping a limp stem off the plant .
one ring later , he carefully placed the mangled leaves on the soil at the base of the struggling strawberry plant .
hatch studied the sole remaining plant from rita 's garden that had n't been killed by his black thumb .
since rita 's death , that plant and aries were all he had left , and by god , they would bear fruit .
hatch 's hand fell to rest on the edge of a potted plant beside his desk .
he paced around the kidney - shaped pool , the entire area encased in a glass solarium with thriving plants .
on a whim , she reached to snap an orchid off the plant .
he pushed away from the wall and strode down the row of plants , tapping along each one with careless leisure , while the 9 mm dangled from his other hand .
kelly rested her hip on the center row of plants , facing him while he held up the support beam for a while longer .
hatch adjusted the sunlamp on the thriving sprout of his potted strawberry plant .
realization , understanding spewed inside him like the abrupt shower of the sprinklers misting over the potted plants .
he knelt in front of her with those sea oats - officially now her favorite plant .
laughing , they eased apart and her dog - their dog - jumped from jayne 's lap to sniff the balcony furniture and potted plants .
` ` mr . mcclellan , '' faith ivory interjected mildly , ` ` i do n't think- '' ` ` and do n't forget the ford plant , '' he continued , ignoring her as he warmed to his argument .
the music was jazz , and the only plants were potted bamboo .
no framed photographs , no comfy throws crocheted by grandma conaway , no athletic trophies or educational citations , no tumbling plants - nothing that needed nurturing or tending or noticing .
plants tumbled from bookcases near the windows , throw pillows had been cast onto the floor , magazines spilled across the steamer trunk , and framed photographs were scattered about everywhere .
the transference of moisture from the earth to its atmosphere by water 's evaporation and plants ' transpiration .
she had a view of the city that was pretty breathtaking , and being on the top floor gave her roof access that had allowed her to make a patio of sorts up there with potted plants and everything .
a basket on the counter yielded a reasonably fresh baguette for him to slice , and he found a surprisingly good , if inexpensive , pinot noir tucked behind a potted plant near the sink .
trapped , she made a complete 360 - degree turn , looking for at least a potted plant that might afford some camouflage .
they had come to admire some of the estate 's more exotic plants and small blooms .
he and belinda wandered along , stopping occasionally for her to appreciate a particular plant species - and for him to pretend to .
she was looking down at a wood work table strewn with various gardening tools , plants and neatly marked glass jars .
in front of him , the space was dominated by a comfy work area - a deep - red velour couch and armchair , a few potted plants and a large glass - topped table cluttered with what looked , at a glance , like the tools of the jewelry - making trade .
with the sun shining , it would be a true sight to behold with chalky sand , fan palms , and exotic plant life .
maybe she 'd eaten some of the inedible plants and was having a reaction .
i promised professor owens that i would water his plants .
the elevator groaned in complaint as it ascended to the sixth floor and she promptly watered the plants before turning to find professor owens 's stash of sweets .
` ` one advantage of watering his plants is that i always get good candy , '' she said with a smile as she snagged a few little bags and then a couple of sodas for the two of them .
it fascinates me how on one side of a mountain there can be thick , lush greenery and streams of flowing water , and then on the other side , dry , crackling ground and minimal plant life .
i ' m sure all the plants have died , but planting new ones will give me a project to do until i can get back to the flower shop and begin working again . ''
burning torches lit up the pool and the surrounding tropical plants gave the garden a manufactured resort atmosphere .