` ` now , why do n't we go and take another look at the new plantings .
she went first to one , then the other , planting kisses and inhaling that wonderful baby scent that clung to each of them .
the plantings were nicer than boston common .
he tore off to find it in the natural plantings at the edge of the lawn , happily rooting around and enjoying himself .
i straddled him , leaning over him and planting kisses along his torso , each nipple , his sides , down the crevasses of his stomach to the v of muscle .
she was dangerously close to face - planting if she did n't keep the liquid energy flowing , so she poured herself another cup of coffee .
` ` do n't look at me like that , you 're the pervert who 's planting erections in an innocent bed of frosting every time i turn around . ''
i staggered toward the door , nearly face - planting against it , then turned the lock and leaned against the cool wood .
i think i can walk to the bathroom without face planting . ''
` ` i just do n't want you thinking ... '' his hands skimmed over her body , his mouth planting restless kisses between her br**sts and down the quivering plane of her stomach .
` ` it 's a damn nice planting , a hearty shrub . ''
assail flashed forward , finding a hiding place in and among the plantings at the side of the house .
she 's probably busy planting evidence she can use to pin april bonner 's murder on me .
` ` you mean like reading minds and planting thoughts in people 's brains ? ''
destroyed countless plantings .
cerise turned to the corner , where a small bookcase used to contain the planting journals .
there were enough real monsters running around planting car bombs and molesting innocent children without looking for monsters of myth and legend .
christian baruch would not be doing any more bomb planting now that the queen was on to him .
shutting the door , he walks up behind me and starts planting kisses on the back of my neck .
` ` a common - ground planting is a wonderful idea .
i expect your lady wants to be doing her own planting on this side of the eyrie , but we can take care of the other side . ''
when i reached him , he kept his eyes on the fence that protected the property and the lights of the city beyond , visible because the plantings were still winter bare .
she leapt at me , throwing herself into my arms and planting kisses over my face .
they ' ve moved beyond beat downs and drive - by shootings to planting bombs .
the nsa and cia built a variety of covers , sometimes years in advance , planting reports , photos , and gossip for times when an undercover agent had to launch a sting quickly , without the luxury of months to build trust .
the surrounding lawn was green and lush , the plantings and flowers perfectly placed .
the driveway into which she told him to turn belonged to a red - brick bungalow whose porch spanned the front of the house , and whose broad front windows sported window boxes awaiting spring planting .
originally he 'd thought to tear the bridge down - it was much the worse for wear from the fire - but looking at it now , he thought it might become a rustic ruin with the right plantings around it .
the solid lines will be new plantings .
the horses bolted , dragging their harness behind , and where apollo 's planting hole had been was only wreckage and a cloud of sooty dust .
grand schemes that broke from the medieval idea of straight little lines and ordered plantings .
they might be able to save some of the plantings , but whether harte will rebuild ... '' he shrugged .
` ` we ' ve made several new plantings and i ' m sure you 'll be pleased , my lord , to see them . ''
whitney might be just as capable of planting memories as taking them away . ''
why would they ever suspect a family member of planting bugs ?
he was very good at planting compulsions .
he was creeping into her mind , planting images , fantasies .
edward either sold it to local vendors or used it for seed for future plantings .
` ` we ought to hurry - three plantings have been ruined . ''
that 's why jeanine matthews frequents dauntless headquarters , that 's why she keeps planting minions in your faction to report on their behavior .
she flinched slightly as he said this , and ed immediately regretted planting that little domestic tableau in her imagination .
` ` just glad i could save you from face planting . ''
keep planting snares , traps , and temptations during his daily postings .
it was n't very far , though , a couple of hours of pleasant strolling through a landscape of vineyards and lavender plantings .
call sisters novis , jove and mary - francis and ask them to put a plan together to double the plantings .
she realized that they must have stepped on some of the plantings on their way and there will be some ' splainin ' to do once they got back to reality .
they will be so distracted trying to blow us up here that they wo n't notice us sneaking onto their ships and planting explosive devices . ''
i looked over an embankment and saw a large flat area , cultivated , with many plantings all in a row .
i just got my late summer planting done for fall crops and some of it is just starting to come up .
` ` yes , a planting of ... a trail of sorts , leading us to them .
the last thing i saw before face - planting into the hill was you on your back with that lunatic bearing down on you with a sword , theo explained .
he was only planting light , peck - like kisses on my neck now , and i struggled against the grip he had on my hands .
that d be like planting landmines .
the planting beds were covered by a thick matting of aloe vera , neatly manicured due to the regular harvesting of its leaves .
few would have connected the attack on gahon with the planting of spies .
abraham remembered tori planting kisses on emmes forehead and squeezing her like a teddy .
` ` only a simple one for keeping track of plantings and species and things like that . ''
they operated in cells , choosing targets , training recruits , planting bombs , and funding their operations through a hundred shady business activities .
scytale glanced around him at the plantings .
no flowery plantings near the landing flat .
it was the gardens beyond the flagstones , identification of plantings .
she turned to look where he looked , saw the foxfire glow of rotting vegetation at the edge of the sietch plantings , then the clean blending into lines of dunes .
plantings of resilient fuzz - grass filled the garden 's pathways .
colors leaped forth from the plantings beneath the cliff .
` ` when you went out to the plantings ?
ghanima , using the morning hours to study the area beyond the original plantings of the abandoned sietch , detected movement and saw a banded gecko lizard .
he glimpsed leaf - green places , open plantings amidst the chalk - red and gold of the roofs .
orchards and groves lay within his view - open plantings to rival those of fabled lebanon .
she faced into the wind , saw a worm appear outside the plantings .
-preamble to the qizarate creed there was a dike of water against the sand , an outer limit for the plantings of the sietch holding .
galladon asked , turning away from his planting .
as first minister demerzel , daneel must have spent a substantial portion of his time ( perhaps his hours of unneeded sleep ) planting records , instructions and useful diversions in the imperial and palace computers -- any one of which could lie unnoticed for decades or even centuries , quietly passing themselves along as part of the standard records with each upgrade and maintenance cycle ... and even propagating themselves to the records and machines of other sectors , finally girdling trantor .
they had landed at a flat , round plastone hangar almost a kilometer from the village , separated from it by old dunes locked in shape with plantings of poverty grasses and a few scrubby bushes .
sand was visible in the plantings and , in the valleys between dunes , there was parched ground , yellow grass , the sticklike shrubs .
everywhere , extensive and elaborate planting emphasized the feeling that they were entering a new world , a prehistoric tropical world , and leaving the normal world behind .
at the back , screened by planting , grant saw a concrete loading dock for trucks .
people getting in position , planting , that sort of thing . ''
they were sprinkled with lavis polyps , a planting halfway to being harvested .
` ` however , it is important to realize that these events - the switching of the saddle or the planting of the gemstones - must have happened before his majesty met up with dalinar .
it had begun as a wild kelp , an ignored planting inside a long - abandoned merman outpost .
it was a scrambling hodgepodge of plantings cut by wide paths which circled and twisted through specimens from every inhabited planet of the known universe .
there was a single planting of lilium grossa , its red blossoms twice his height casting long shadows over a wriggling carpet of blue syringa , each miniature bloom opening and closing at random like tiny mouths gasping for air .
warning signs in flashing galach guarded such plantings .
in his mind , fraffin saw his own villa with sunglow on a brick walk , grass , a tree , a planting of petulant forsythia .
he even spotted a pair of bamboo poles , staked among the plantings and burned at the top .
some seeds have been found growing as far away as thirty miles from a planting .
narrow walkways crisscrossed those plantings .
they 'd learned their craft sneaking past armed earth - mars coalition checkpoints , planting bombs , smuggling guns , and generally acting like the terrorists the inner planets had accused them of being .
there shall be in the planting in the shadows a grace and a mercy that shall bloom dark flowers , and their teeth shall devour and sustain and herald the passing of an age ...
he shouts at the soldiers- planting it in their noises- planting it in mine- throbbing thru it with a low hum- and i knock him back again in my head- but the soldiers near him are running even faster- i look up and see the spinning fires still cutting thru the sky like swooping birds- but they 're heading back to the ledge- there are burning men everywhere but the army that 's still alive is also noticing that the fires are going back- that we ' ve got a few seconds before they come again- and the men are reaching the city now , the first ones heading up the road , running where the mayor 's yelling- ` ` todd !
he shouts at the soldiers- planting it in their noises- planting it in mine- throbbing thru it with a low hum- and i knock him back again in my head- but the soldiers near him are running even faster- i look up and see the spinning fires still cutting thru the sky like swooping birds- but they 're heading back to the ledge- there are burning men everywhere but the army that 's still alive is also noticing that the fires are going back- that we ' ve got a few seconds before they come again- and the men are reaching the city now , the first ones heading up the road , running where the mayor 's yelling- ` ` todd !
maybe she was the one planting ideas in taras head .
he was sharing cocktails and planting kisses with the hot girls .
first , since he and demetrius keep trying to bump you off , maybe he 's planting traps .
he reached up and brushed her thick hair to the side as he continued planting light , soft kisses on her neck .
he mouthed something , his face lighting up , and picked up his friend to be greeted by the ferrets eager tongue planting licks on his face .
joyah tried to look at the map without face planting .
a group of teenage dujinnin felt it was their duty to promote dujinnin equality by planting thruster mines along the path .
jason stealthily worked his way around the room , planting bugs and miniature hidden cameras as i stood guard in the shadows near the entrance .
i was missing real incense , but i made due with burning the few hard - shelled seeds i carried for planting on fathers grave .
if they suspected him of planting explosives and detained him there was a good chance he 'd never see the light of day even if he was n't guilty .
i thought we could do a fenced yard with a brick paver patio in the back , landscape it so there s no grass to cut , but with plenty of plantings beds .
if we also take out the grass out of the front yard , add a parking area , a curved walkway and more planting beds , the new homeowner has a charming bungalow that s practically maintenance - free -- the convenience of a condo in a single family home .
i took lots of photos and i did some sketches of the possible planting bed configurations , the potential patio area in the back yard , and the double - car parking area out front .
doug was bent over and moving slowly toward his intended target planting area .
pml ( n ) and army together had launched a vicious campaign against ppp by planting stories about ill - gotten wealth and debauchery of the families of zaradari and his pm yaqub raza in the media and executed targeted killings of ppp cadre , thinly disguised as terrorist attacks .
it filled the valley , washing away the plantings and natural trees alike .
change usually starts with the planting of a few new ideas .
my legs gave out just as mandy made it close enough to keep me from face planting .
re - reading the description of the las vegas operation he saw a single mention of the planting of explosives within the twin towers .
he moved across the yard to the side of the house , hidden in the foundation plantings .
( mr . x had provided him with planting - material , finger prints and hair samples from a local area neo - nazi . )
her planting that evidence led it exactly in the direction she wanted , but was it fair ?
over the years , john had heard of serial killers planting clues to their identity ; only he left none .
when he picked me up into the rip i was taking bribes , planting evidence and doing a really bad job at it .
disappointingly for our purposes , the man seemed to lead a life of stolid , communist virtue ( if one excludes the occasional planting of large quantities of narcotics in others luggage ) .
as if promoted by the broker , they started performing propaganda jobs and elaborate con games , online theft , credit card scams , phishing for paypal account numbers , and planting evidence .
no plantings .
walked slow and kept close to hedges and plantings .
the plantings were sad and scorched by the heat , but they were an attempt at something .
probably bicycle gangs chanting ` ` free frosty '' and little terrorists planting signs on their front lawn .
the houses were on acre lots and were half - hidden behind thick evergreen foundation plantings .
he seems to be - ` ` ` ` damn it , look : her planting is ruined .
he turned into his driveway and watched his headlight beams bounce and flick over the massed plantings crowding the asphalt .
the blacktop improved and the shoulder plantings got tidier , like they always do .
start with the plantings in their front yards . ''
outside there were thick thorny foundation plantings he guessed were chosen for wind resistance , but were as good as anything for stopping people spending time trying to get in the windows .
a walkway came off the driveway on the left and looped through the dark around some rockery plantings to a set of wide wooden steps in the center of the front porch .
reacher gazed out of the window at the plantings , gray in the moonlight .
there 's a path off the driveway that loops around through some neat rockery planting to the front door .
whenever a killing of consequence took place , whether in tokyo or hong kong , macao or korea -- wherever -- bourne was flown there and took the credit , planting evidence , taunting the authorities , until he became a legend .
the disappearance of the body , the planting of the handguncthat confirmed that the man he knew as cavanaugh had been working with others .
it was a narrow country road , domesticated with ranch fencing in rough timber and tamed with mowed shoulders and specimen plantings .
some kind of a sitting room or den , they guessed , so shaded by the runaway plantings outside that it needed lights on even in the middle of the day .
selected reverse again and idled backward into it and down into the plantings .
he was a tallish man , maybe fifty or fifty - five , gray , in a dark suit , standing side - on , looking out and back at the plantings along the driveway .
though i thought i remembered extensive planting outside the window - that would certainly help .
` ` planting season is starting throughout the midwest .
every planting , every carefully placed sculpture , bench , and strolling path was intended to be a place of total peace and tranquillity .
while i was kiling baron at the balpark , the baroness was here in my room planting bugs . ''
` ` all of us are capable of planting memories , maggie .
he emerged from the greenery slowly , scanning the policeman as he did so , planting memories of an introduction and sending waves of warmth .
tasteful plantings and low walls hid the security system that prevented anyone from driving around it .
i shaved my face slowly , until it was perfectly smooth , and then , delving into the little cabinet behind the mirror , i found what i wanted - the little rubber sheaths that would keep her safe from me , from my planting a child within her , from this body giving her some other dark seed that might harm her in ways i could not foresee .
ashland also had its share of industrial complexes , but careful plantings of maples and walnut trees hid the dilapidated buildings and acres of concrete from sight .
one i hoped i could end up planting in the backyard , if i did n't get killed first .
this is probably going to sound weird , me being a vampire and all , but i ' ve saved a few lives in my time by planting suggestions in the minds of my prey that they did n't want to kill themselves . ''
soon he would know what it was not to worry about tomorrow , or tomorrow 's tomorrow ... a breeze fluttered the patio trees and rustled through some of the plantings .
' i understand your concern , six , but , trust me , i ' m the master of planting stories on the internet .
such a to - do for the annual planting , but as far as i could tell , this was customary .
after they destroyed the planting once , we established the outpost , and they could n't get close enough to do it again , due to our rifles .
last winter he reconfigured all of the gardens himself , hauling down shrubbery in the dead of night and uprooting aunt 's plantings .
coroico , with its stunning scenery , picturesque small - town charm , thick with plantings of coffee beans and oranges ?
leaving her husband to put the children to bed , emily lead her visitors to her private garden , an eight x eight meter space , paved with flagstones of laser - cut native stone and home to a small water feature that sprayed the tropical plantings and helped cool the air .
the location would cost a few hectares of grapes , but there was no shortage of good land on the terraces and the cost of re - establishing the plantings would not be an issue now .
when i was out planting claymores , only three by the way , i managed to send up my drone .
not all planting means life .
aunt explained carefully arranged planting of nutritious vegetable matter provided villagers with sustenance .
minutes stood between the matchless moment to keep her wishes from being dashed , and all it would take is the planting of one poison seed .
i hopped down onto the soft , deep cedar mulch surrounding a fresh planting of rhododendrons in the flower bed and helped ellen do the same .
kenok , still focused on his planting , did n't notice tagan walk away .
mercifully , he tightened his hold on my hand and kept me from face planting .
it hovered in the shadows , whispering and planting seeds of treachery within the thoughts of the gnome , sometimes sending images into his mind 's eye .
she was becoming very irritated with the thought of her younger self planting this obscure trail .
doing both would have resulted in me tripping over something and face planting .
as a result , neither the frames nor the plantings are destroyed .
the threshold for being fired for planting evidence was so much lower than that of a successfully prosecuted murder charge .
but to the rear of the motel , we found one of those ` ` business parks '' : two curving streets with careful , still - small plantings in the flower beds in front of the one - story buildings , each with a parking area .
not all those posts and pillars in the plain are of saruman 's planting .
` ` although , this is n't exactly the best time to do plantings .
but the dragon gloated upon the hoard and lay coiled upon it , and the fame of that great treasure of golden vessels and of unwrought gold that lay by the caves above the stream fared far and wide about ; yet the great worm slept before it , and evil thoughts he had as he pondered the planting of his cunning lies and the sprouting thereof and their growth and fruit , and fumes of smoke went up from his nostrils as he slept .
the others on the hill were neat and full of plantings .
at every moment she expected to see him trimming a hedge or inspecting the new plantings or pulling old blooms off a bush , but of course he was nowhere to be seen .
ophelia snapped , ` ` maybe he would eat , if only he had some fresh butter for his breakfast ` ` at that very moment , will 's dog crystal who 'd been sulking ever since will had left for woburn to help sylvanus 's brother ebenezer with the spring planting shot out from beneath the table , and , paws skittering for purchase on the wide - boarded floor , tore through the parlor .
` ` you mean he 's the same one who helped them get that load of cane for planting , and the plans for briggs ' sugar mill ? ''
each left - hand column listed dates , plantings and when the samples were counted .
she was so looking forward to the new outdoor chair so she could supervise the plantings of the new bulbs she wanted him to buy .
the garden itself was orderly with a pattern of bricked pathways with planting beds in - between .
this took place on a sunday afternoon in may while mary did her yearly planting of impatiens , mums and marigolds throughout the backyard .
i felt a slight whip of warm breath against my left cheek , and then the soft planting of lips against my cheekbone .
that distracted soldier shot an iraqi boy , planting hate for americans in his cousins heart .
she could see this , too : the left foot coming back toward the planting right foot as the hands - one wearing the glove , one holding the ball - rose to the sternum ; she could even see bernie williams , off with the pitch , streaking for second , but tom gordon took no notice and even in motion his essential stillness remained , his eyes on jason veritek 's mitt , hung behind the plate low and toward the outside corner .
it was the planting of the customers which earned fellows like holt their nickname .
uncle charles had a peculiar passion for nuts and he bought this place precisely because the stand of trees was a mixed planting of nut trees - walnuts , pecans , and chinese chestnuts .
my fingers were just a few inches away when suddenly a trash can lid knocked it away , followed by a kick planting on my ribs before i could comprehend what happened .
the town , after all , did not smell very good in the spring and summer heat and planting flowers under your window only worked in a few places .
but this was just the start of my vision and planting , so to bolster my thoughts , i took out my copy of the secret and reread it to help me concentrate and enforce my future thoughts upon the universe .
and the seeds of his planting grew into a mighty trilogy .
he turned right onto his street , lined with trees just beginning to achieve enough height to be thought of as real trees and not nursery plantings .
tara did the heavy work , mowing the lawn and using the snowblower , turning over soil for a planting , and so forth ; meg had a vegetable garden in the backyard , and mrs . fournier took care of the flowers in the front along with her cleaning - up routines .
ever since those nazis interrupted their rose planting she had been possessed with an irrational feeling of foreboding .
and i did nt know either what this planting would look like and what i would plant it in .
gene could almost hear rhonda asking herself what ulterior motive would cause a person to look at a garden magazine past the planting season .
ramin was a northern patriarch of the seed of the father , a sprawling union of hunters dedicated to the planting of the seed .
it did nt stop julia planting kisses all over my face .
part of your challenge will be to threaten price with infiltration and planting of evidence which would compromise his position with his employer and even result in his arrest .
that broad had a hell of a lot of nerve planting ideas into camilles head .
planting of trees and shrubs will be finished sunday .
her favorite mystery author knew how to keep the readers guessing by weaving in red herrings and planting clues in very subtle ways .
i reached the foundation plantings and fell to my knees , panting .
i noticed mounds of dirt in the yard for fresh plantings .
i see you have some new plantings .
the planting of the drugs in my house would indicate that i was aware of what he was doing and i had probably helped him because i loved him .
you were busy that night , kyle said , running around backstage , fighting with tabitha , and planting evidence in my fathers dressing room .
how and why would anyone put that much effort into planting evidence that squarely put me in the hot seat ?
the nova and the white - coated cuban disappeared through an opening in the profuse plantings that surrounded the house .
the house was open - plan , living room divided from the dining room by a glass brick wall , light shining in through foundation plantings outside the window on the east .
so , have any guys in the planting crew gone missing ?
the tree planting operation would use that road and the gravel road leading to it .
the place where the tree planting crew now worked .
in pike national forest in colorado , a football field sized planting of marijuana was found .
she also had a compelling motive for planting evidence and the means - and she had knowledge that dan mercer 's house would be searched soon .
a large dark heap , right in front of the foundation plantings ... my slippers would get thoroughly soaked if i left the stepping - stones to investigate .
my old friend mrs . lyndower ( neecy ) dawson had wreaked havoc by proposing that the war memorial outside the courthouse be surrounded by ivy instead of having its planting regularly switched by the club .
it was fairly exposed , though if martin and paul were still close to jack 's grave , there were several tall plantings and grave markers between them and me .
not if he found out she really had meant to give him a ` ` back off '' signal yesterday after spending the afternoon planting some damn flowers in her yard .
the trailer was a brief clip of the film showing sandberg planting cocaine in his apartment on bellmansgatan .
given the heads - up , it was a wonder that bergeron and the dea 's reilly and boeri actually succeeded in planting microphones in bulger 's car and condo .
i got sucked into some old issues last night and could n't put them down until i kept falling asleep and face planting into the pages .
she wrapped her legs around his waist , planting kisses all over his lying , cheating , rat - bastard face .
once the plantings done , i might have to leave for a bit , announced nathan .
two , my love he answered while planting kissing in my hair and around my temples .
that s when caleb spotted devon planting his now bugged - out eyes directly at abbys chest .
i hold her hand and brush her hair off her face before face planting on the bed next to where i hold her hand .
i backed into a low border wall and lost my footing mid - laugh and was well on my way to butt planting in the pale green waters it surrounded .
with jack and franz gone , dennis announced he had to make a security round of the grounds and check on some plantings .
the planting of the bug did nt really count as a full mission , since it only took five seconds .
as she made this plea , darcy was taking peeks through the new hedgerow planting .
lisette was in a small garden behind a rickety tenement , chasing a puppy around the clumps of plantings as fast as her childish legs would carry her .
i lifted my arm as he kept circling around , planting kisses as he went , and then he was kissing the side of my breast , one hand on the small of my back , the other wrapped around one leg , kissing , kissing ; he was kneeling next to me , i realized .
all that 's left are tiny new plantings and signs that talk of reforestation and regeneration .
after pleading with him and planting and a wet , sloppy kiss on his cheek , he finally agrees .
` ` someone has been accessing dominic 's server and planting coding errors using your ip address . ''
he was busy planting bugs and a camera or two in your private office . ''
he pulled me close , nuzzling into my neck and planting kisses up and down my throat .
` ` there was no planting of twins last night .
` ` we use at least five or six different types of rose plantings in the section we 're in now . ''