` ` he saved me before i could face plant on the floor . ''
' nor i you , ' she says , and bending forward plants a light kiss on my cheek .
he smiled , wishing he could tug her sweet little body against his , plant a kiss on her beautiful face , feel her melt into his touch .
` ` you know that naomi was a plant from my grandfather to align her family 's business interests with ours .
' plant thou no roses at my head , nor shady cypress tree . '
she drops the dog midair just as tad bends over to catch him and he does a rather quick and forceful face plant in the ass crack blooming from her chest .
i pull pierce over me as a shield in time to see the carbon blade of a knife plant itself into his back .
he whispers and plants tiny , sweet kisses all over my face , across my cheeks , down my jaw , my nose .
remembering how i wanted to taste him last night , and he never gave me the chance , i decide to take advantage of caleb being knocked out and slowly ease my body down the bed , move under the covers to rest between his legs , and plant wet kisses over his hips , those amazing v lines that are sexy as all get - out , and over his lower abdomen .
` ` fuck , you 're already so wet , '' he growls and plants wet kisses on my neck .
` ` you are so beautiful , m. '' i pull his hand to my mouth and plant kisses on his palm , then rest my cheek in it .
he grinned at her before he tagged her with a hand behind her head and yanked her so she did a face plant into his chest .
then he watched something shear through her face , something that was difficult to witness before she dropped her chin and did a face plant in his chest .
then i avoided his face , twisting my neck and curving my back to do a face plant in his bare chest .
when they were alone , mike felt dusty 's arms around him get tight and her face plant in his chest .
he watched as she tugged her clothes off , put on his tee , threw back the covers and did a face plant in the bed .
then i fell forward and did a face plant in his chest .
she stared at him a second , not one thing washing through her features , before she fell forward and did a face plant in his chest again .
i shrieked , jumping to my feet and taking one step toward him only to feel an invisible hand plant itself in my chest and i was shoved right back against the wall , violently , blue sparks flying again when i landed and that pressure at my chest did not go away .
suffocation by awkwardness was seriously taking place in that suv - by the time alec parked , i was ready to jump out the tiny ass window and face plant onto a seagull .
he felt her lips plant butterfly kisses along the rough edge of his jaw before following the line of his throat .
` ` he 's a plant , a snitch . ''
` ` plant thoughts and memories that are n't her own ?
mason takes a step closer to me and without apology plants his lips on mine .
` ` i can make people see things that are n't really there , plant thoughts in their heads , even get them to follow my commands .
` ` i told you , zack sensed that there was a nightshade plant somewhere very high up within the society .
` ` not so innocent after all since you were a plant , a spy .
` ` shortly after i left him , i suspected i was being followed , but i thought it was just kent and more of his hurtful messages , like the bottle or the plant .
she was looking for evidence to expose him , but what if he had a plant in place ready to kill them and they had no evidence ?
fredrickson was obviously a plant in your house , but who put him there ?
if it was a plant to incriminate the admiral , whoever had placed the recorder there had n't known that only the secretary had access to the safe .
it had a lid that lifted and latched using plant rope ties .
she approached with a fish dangling from a looped plant rope that was hanging down by her side .
some even claimed that christian was a plant by the ducks to thwart the playoffs by messing with the wildcats ' star player .
the room was a good twenty degrees cooler than any other place in my apartment , and i could n't wait to face plant in my bed and snuggle with the super comfy chenille bedspread .
i roll my eyes and jax plants a hand on my arm .
jax plants his hand over the velcro .
before i can throw him off , the big russian plants one fist in my stomach , doubling me over .
she screams loud and her feet come off my shoulders and plant in the mattress , pressing her upward , and then she 's locking her heels around my back and i ' m falling forward , all my weight on my one good knee , the other leg extended .
we all ran toward the window , but before we got there , we saw a hand plant itself on the windowsill .
demolition teams could go in and plant charges large enough to damage each vortport beyond repair , but unfortunately that would accomplish only one thing .
in fact , there has been a massive , well - orchestrated effort to discredit the sources of this information and plant disinformation in order to discourage people from becoming aware of official misconduct related to the handling of extraterrestrial contacts .
you will go to their ships , plant detonators in them , blow them from the sky .
so many of them have heard me talk about life being just a game that i would nt put it past them to make a fake book and plant it in an old box just to tease me .
new - earth miniseries plant : someone planted amongst a group to spy on them .
the government has urged all citizens to dig up streets and plant potatoes in order to avoid a repeat of last years famine !
the rocky ground there in our village , sparsely populated with grass , rose and fell and sloped and flattened , and the villagers had just learned to tread carefully over the years , lest they wished to face - plant every five minutes .
i saw you use the plant on toms wound and saw the worry in your face .
let the idea of vigilante justice plant itself in people 's minds , and society would descend into chaos .
` ` my brother ... he raps mellow and nice to you , civilizedly , and then he has one of his staff -- he has a huge staff -- plant that garbage on you before you can walk out the door of the building . ''
one plant in the main room so holden and his crew would n't see anything too threatening .
kendra saw the silver fairy with blue hair plant a kiss on an obese imp .
mistress braithwaite , who did my soldiering training what seems like a lifetime ago , plants bombs in the trees , hoping to show the spackle we can outwit them and also hoping to capture one who is n't killed in the blast .
the single fire bomb flies through the broken glass , landing inside the dry sink and burns with a light flame as the second fire bomb plants on the dry kitchen counters .
dirk plants into a weak mind .
its not like we can sneak into the guys dorms and plant cameras or watch them in the locker room .
zachary plants a kiss on my cheek before dashing out .
zachary plants a kiss on my cheek and whispers .
i lie and say i need to move to the front of the bus and plant myself next to coach .
the game seemed to take forever and addys team ended up losing when the youngest member tripped and did a face plant in the sand .
the instant we find the beach , a squealing blonde leaps into drus arms and plants slobbering kisses all over him .
i laugh as i turn , because i am worried that if i stand , i will face plant onto the wooden floor beneath my feet , to face the judges for this part of the competition .
pirates , thieves , vandals - plant people , the true miscreants of the universe .
i catch myself before i , ungracefully , do a face plant .
esmond senior plants a private detective on the ship , hoping to catch lorelei with other men and expose her as a gold - digging schemer .
i face plant after tripping on a stray sneaker .
` ` there is much more to this man than the surface conclusion that he 's a plant out to harm us .
the kid stumbled , on his way to a face - plant in the mud , when willow rushed forward and helped steady him .
he could nt believe fiona would do something like plant steroids on him .
we have the next two weeks to bother everyone and plant wayne shepherd in their brains .
he brings his face up to hers , then proceeds to plant kisses all over her laughing face , and ends by planting a big slow one on her lips .
the police do nt get to coerce suspects into confessing , plant evidence on them , or falsify information about them even if they re guilty .
why did your father plant rose bushes under your window ?
kill their ambassador in balls of fire and plant evidence or intelligence pointing it to pakistan having a hand on that .
the electronics in the package are miniature snooping devices you can attach to any surface , so before you leave the diamond wholesalers , plant one or two of them for us .
i was thrown from my board and my legs immediately hit the ground running to maintain my speed so i did nt face plant on the pavement .
cursing him and silently telling him where he could stuff his teleportation , i steadied myself before i could face plant with the floor .
before i could take another step , my world fell away from me , and my hands shot out , slapping loudly against the bright , bright white floor before i could face plant with it .
after the inevitable win , shed plant a quick kiss on his cheek , then melt back into the walls .
come on love , plant one here on me lips , you know you wan na .
adrenaline pumping and knowing he s got this in the bag , jon plants both hands on the back of victors head and drives his right knee into his face .
and she had seen a guy plant something that she had first thought was a bomb , but now assumed was a mobile phone jammer .
could she be a plant , to test him ?
one thing your boy dr . jordan did well was plant that security chip in her back on her visit .
all we can really do for him is to arrange interviews , plant newspaper articles , that sort of thing . ''
the possibility of bankruptcy had been mentioned several times , after careful plants by carl .
there was a long pause as ginyard continued to stare down the street while plant watched their subject 's every move .
that was to say , there were no momentary flashes of astonishment or fear on the faces of the members as he gradually , logically approached the subject of the current vice president of the united states and his staff , touching ever so lightly on the ' innocuous ' details he had learned from a mafia plant in the secret service .
so you shoot them , plant guns on them , shoot out their back window so it looks like they fired from the car , and that 's it .
she caught herself on the palms of her hands , but they skidded damply over the concrete , and she had to fight not to do a face - plant .
or , as my friend likes to call you , plant boy . ''
did she just lunge at the man and plant one on him ?
she would not let this vampire plant any more doubt .
` ` we were supposed to think up another way to swipe a few of apollyon 's higher - ups without having dave reveal that he was a plant , but that got pushed by the wayside . ''
` ` if that vampire could erase a whole day from alex 's mind , then he could just as easily plant thoughts in his head that were n't his , could n't he ?
` ` so they would n't think ... '' plant one on that chase guy .
when she goes to kiss him , he ducks and plants one on her cheek .
i had her plant pills in kelsey 's room and then call the cops and say she was a known dealer . ''
` ` did your new a plant these ideas in your heads ? ''
` ` i do n't want to cause hysteria , or plant doubt in our fragile infrastructure . ''
i nearly stumble as she stops abruptly , but thankfully i catch myself before i can face - plant on the synthetic lawn .
- - - each night , during ` ` the stork hour '' at the rec jet , starkey plants tiny seeds of discontent over games of pool and ping - pong .
plunging through onto a large stone landing , she turns , plants both hands , and muscles the door shut .
at a certain height all plants vapours eventually mixed together , but if you looked close enough at a certain point you could identify each individual vapour and trace it back to its owner .
meanwhile , a special agent , posing as a limping wealthy visitor from europe who was in immediate need of some counseling was the plant .
truth is i still think he s some plant on your part .
he told cosh to erase all signs of their camp , even to uproot the fire , and plant in its place some grass dug up from somewhere else .
obsessed that one would woo me and i d plant a child in her and there d be some bastard to contend with .
alu trusted me implicitly because he 'd known me so long , but i ' ve been a plant by my father who 'd come to hate alu because of alu 's seduction of his wife , my mother . ''
if she thinks you re an asshole , shell plant an idea in your head that ll convince you to do something stupid , and next thing you know , you re fired or your girlfriend dumped you .
* * * * * * * * * * evil plants doubts about the practical effectiveness of good actions .
my boot catches on the corner of a grave and i face - plant onto the grass .
i wondered if the question was a plant .
several beggar boys had been paid to fire blanks into the air , then plant stories of men getting into horse carriages and riding away in a hurry .
a man does not need to know how to bow properly when all he is going to do is plant tobacco .
they continued to suck his blood and smeared some plants ointment on the wound .
without hesitation richard headed toward her , but stopped short when he saw raymond plant himself next to her .
` ` i 'd dig a hole an ' plant my worst enemy ' fore i 'd let him lay out in the sun for wolf baitleast when there 's time for buryin ' . ''
speak to emily in that tone again , and ill plant my fist in your face .
paul had watched her plant the cross and then read the bible over the grave by the light of a new - risen spring moon .
but i m sure hell plant one here soon enough .
ill plant it before i go .
he chose not to do with his club what he had done in circumstances such as this , which was plant it .
the son of a cop , sterling had never been able to suffer informers , entrappers , plants or snitches well .
during the festival the households plant in front of their houses karam trees which are symbols of good fortune .
a lot of gardeners plant both heirloom and hybrids , in order to have tomatoes all season long .
or a plant a way to try and frame someone , said greene .
her eyes plant on the muscle - tee i snatched from the frat guy 's floor .
as soon as his hands plant on her , his fingers slipping underneath the hem of her blouse and another falling to her skirt , she flinches and darts right into daisy 's chest .
and that 's when i feel a hand plant on my shoulder .
her palm plants on his bare abs to catch herself , but clearly , her grabby hands are no accident .
then ... i face plant .
okay , it sounded good , but my quest to not face plant on the beach was more accurate .
` ` i would die if something happened to you because of me , '' i whisper my biggest fear and then do a face plant into his shirt .
and knowing it , again , a weight hit me , and i dropped my head like i could n't hold it up and this time did a face plant in his throat .
his words made me drop my head and do a face plant in his shirt because i could n't hold it up anymore .
she then scooted away when i got up , turned toward the bed , fell forward and did a face plant in it .
` ` rhash - '' i did n't say more because his hand shot out , tagged me at the back of my head , i did a face plant in his wide chest and his other arm closed tight around me .
he used his hands on my head to yank me forward and i did a forced face plant in his chest before his arms wrapped around my head .
then he tagged me behind the head , forced me to do a face plant in his chest and burst out laughing .
i pressed my lips together , nodded then dipped my chin and did a face plant in his chest .
she looked up at him in surprise then her face crumbled again and she did a face plant in his shirt .
i closed my eyes and did a face plant in his sweaty - shirted chest .
i twisted my torso and looked up to see tack plant his ass smack on the top of my desk , pinning me in my chair turned toward the computer with his muscled thigh .
then i dropped my head and did a face plant in tack 's chest .
her lips quivered and then she burst out sobbing , twisting a bit so she would n't face plant in her maple syrup plate , she face planted in her arm on the counter but her hair went into her maple syrup plate .
i clutched the sketch to my chest and fell forward , back curved , doing a face plant right under his throat .
my body was pleasantly exhausted and i did n't want to do a face plant in the stairs to end a great day .
i held his eyes for a moment then closed mine and did a face plant in his chest .
i stopped giggling , stared into his quicksilver eyes and then dipped my chin and did another face plant in his chest .
he nodded , hesitated and then did a face plant in me .
i lifted my hands and my fingers curled into the material right before i did a face plant in his chest , my legs gave out and i burst into tears .
she did a face plant in his chest and he felt her body rear and her breath catch on more tears .
noah wraps his arms around my waist and plants butterfly kisses across my chest .
jealous subordinate plants bomb , the headlines would have read , and a swift execution would have followed .
these fuckers plant improvised explosive devices all over the place trying to blow up our vehicles and people .
` ` by the way , cass , i saw bud plant a big one on you .
she had n't worn the shoes for most of the drinkfest and the last thing she wanted to do was face - plant now that she had them on .
what if she 'd been a plant by that fucking kwan ?
` ` mortmain could have foreseen just this circumstance and have had nate plant the thought in her head for us to discover . ''
he never left the penthouse empty ; someone was always there , making it difficult for the fbi or anyone else to slip in and plant surveillance devices .
running to him , i pull her from his arms and plant a kiss right on his lips in front of kristin and brad , not only shocking myself but preston and mrs . butterworth , considering she let out a low hiss .
i face plant into his chest and say a muffled , ` ` well , howdy - f**king - doo , neighbor . ''
after a brief explanation of the situation , one based on her elopement story , zhang said abruptly , ` ` plant men in and around najriad .
or plants jack had put in place to further his agenda of a big reveal .
` ` probably not in any condition to hire thugs and plant documents , you think ? ''
maybe they 'd do something cool like plant explosives to keep the bad dudes away .
my clenched hands quivered at my sides with the longing to take the dagger and plant it firmly between his ribs .
i think hilton was planted in your office to keep an eye on you and either plant incriminating documents should there be need , or keep anything that was suspicious from reaching you .
fuck her , plant seeds of doubt , encourage her to leave brandon .
he studied those chill bumps and the tiny dark hairs on the nape of her neck , fighting a very strong desire to lean forward a few inches and plant one little kiss on that smooth , smooth skin .