` ` planting seeds , huh ? ''
celine knew that working in the garden , planting seeds and nurturing the flowers were all excellent therapy for her little charge .
as she sauntered back toward the house , she saw vittore planting seeds in a bare area of an otherwise large , lush vegetable patch .
back when he looked at her like she 'd hung the corn planting moon in the sky .
he let her hair fall , looking around at the fields that had been turned over for an early spring planting .
she had already visited two schools and presided over the planting of new trees in the city 's park .
` ` planting , '' he said .
` ` if your son is needed to help in your own planting , '' she said to him , ` ` he can perform his ... er ... penance in the afternoons instead . ''
she ... er ... that is , she attempted to assist the head gardener with his planting of the flower beds .
there she gave full rein to her own ideas , sketching out planting arrangements and bringing them to life , recruiting footmen and grooms to help her enlarge the beds until they covered a newly terraced section that stretched across the entire back of the house .
the small courtyard perimeter was outlined by dozens of small planting pots with various greenery growing .
robbie james , the gardener we 'd inherited when we bought stonewell , was helping her with the different beds and plantings , getting everything refreshed from some years of neglect when the house had been empty .
they 're hauling dirt , planting flowers , clearing rocks .
tim needed several full- and part - time employees to help him run it during the planting season .
` ` i know you 're worried , but you have to make sure you bought all the supplies to get you through spring planting before we leave . ''
she was gearing up for spring planting and he 'd been drafted to help with calving .
sam also worked on his double - wide inside and out , trimming his hedge and raking his yard , planting flowers and tomatoes in season , to the amusement of the rest of the staff .
once mastered , he would give a series of lectures , or write a book , or even - in one case - oversee the planting of a thirty - acre garden in the style of renegade gardener william robinson .
and now you want to accuse her of planting pot , on a hunch ?
dad was around , helping me , fin and kirb to prepare the fields for planting .
she found joy in planting flowers and baking cakes for anyone who would eat them .
he went far enough to find the first planting bed , and then had released her hand and hissed at her to go - go fast .
it had had a real name , once , but all those decades of striving and living and building and planting and loving had been reduced in a single season to that wretched word : failed .
it is most likely some new task she needs help with - taking inventory of convent supplies or checking on the seeds we have stored for the early - spring plantings .
our barley was picked and we did n't do any more planting until the spring .
it looked just like one of her grandfather 's journals in which he used to write out his planting schedule and research .
humans can watch shifter moms planting gardens , dads coming home from their working - class jobs .
the fields around them were overgrown , though farther away , on the next farm , neat plowed rows , bare with winter , lay ready for spring planting .
she 'd babbled on about the location of her locker and the unfairness of her chemistry teacher , the reasons she liked winter better than summer and her failed attempt at planting flowers this spring .
i ate cereal and brushed my teeth and told gran where i was going when i tracked her down ; she 'd been outside planting petunias in a tub by the back door .
` ` she 's out planting flowers this morning . ''
you planning on doing some planting ? ''
i told them how it 's usually part of the spring planting festival most villages have and there 's usually music and dancing in the evening - a bit of fun before people settled in to the summer work .
if she was diligent , she figured she could get through all the paperwork before spring planting .
` ` gray , you and cassidy should do the planting , '' theran said .
breakfast felt like a cold , heavy lump in theran 's stomach , and it got heavier and colder with every step he took toward the ground gray was breaking for this new planting .
there are drawings and information about planting , and ... '' he closed the book and studied the cover .
` ` i 'll figure out the planting day and let you know . ''
the males of all ages divided their time between helping with whatever repairs might be needed after the winter and watching indulgently while the women laughed and squabbled over the planting .
they took most of the livestock , and we knew the land could n't yield enough for us to eat even if we were able to tend it and could find a queen to heal it - and there was nothing to get us through from a new planting to the harvest .
- is working there , digging , planting and watering .
` ` planting , what does it look like ? ''
his old man would never understand that it took more than the planting of the seed to make a man a father .
to top it off , the spring rains had turned what remained of harte 's folly into a muddy morass , making planting and earth moving impossible until the ground dried out .
indio had slightly more down - to - earth thoughts about the new planting .
i could ' ve been whoring or drinking or pottering about the continent , seeing places , and instead i was working , nay , slaving on this very pleasure garden , building and planting and coddling fickle actresses and more fickle actors and now , now it 's nothing but a smoldering pile of shit .
the letter was long and chatty , telling of a new wing on griffin 's country home , a difficulty with the cook , and the planting of apple trees in the garden .
` ` i enjoy riding and hunting , my lady , and overseeing the planting and harvest takes up much of my time , so no , i ' m not lonely , though i do thank you for your concern . ''
arvil must have sent them out to look for new planting fields again .
at least farzi and his bunch were off hunting new fields for drakus seed plantings .
` ` this allows for planting and harvesting the same fields at the same time .
we talked about the planting and pending harvest in six eight - days .
my mother was busy , working in her garden and getting it ready for spring planting .
he was always outside working , planting trees or digging them up or cutting them down .
it was all in here ; the planting and the harvests , the careful purchases and acquisitions , the slow accumulations and dispersals that were the rhythm of life to the tenants of lallybroch .
most of his men are militia , enlisted on short contracts of two or three months , and already melting away , needing to return home for the planting .
your mother 's explanation of planting superstitions is footnote four . ''
he glanced over the desk , but there was no half - finished letter , conveniently dated , no planting almanac that he might glance casually through .
' twould be hard work , mind , clearing fields and planting and plowing , but farming is mostly peaceful .
it would be a good time to arrive , the weather good for planting and building .
i stay there doing that for two and a half months , chopping firewood and digging holes and planting posts and running fence .
with the arrival of spring , i spend long hours in the garden , digging , weeding and planting but always find time to enjoy camillo , to visit the paddock , to walk up to the top of the bluff and look out to sea , and to walk along the beach to visit azziz and jesus .
the planting started just as prosaic as it 's always been but on an accelerated schedule to keep up with the needs of the fast growing plants .
` ` and that planting mix was ... ? ''
the third set of plantings that we set outdoors are finally taking root , i think we have just about enough water in the atmosphere to generate rain . ''
` ` are we finally going to be able to see harvest from this next set of plantings ?
having to move a cat to dig a hole for soybean planting was not an uncommon occurrence and these instances drove sister joseph to distraction and a vocabulary totally uncalled for in company .
* * * the next morning she went and checked the entire bean patch and all the other plantings , there was no purple foliage among them or markings on the ground , no purple at all .
some of the sisters were still in the fields , she could see them among the plantings programming farm equipment for the following month .
halfway through the first lesson on planting , nine droolers came out of the woods and began threatening the entire wilson crew .
the whole idea of growing cemeteries led to problems in urban planning , in land management , unless of course the idea of mass morgues instead of ground planting burials was initiated .
on this day however , the fire that lived in his ancient knees had just been too much , his joints protesting loudly that the previous day 's gardening long hours of planting daffodils and azaleas and rhododendron bushes had been just a tad too optimistic .
i think of nick , who s always living adventures in his head when he s not acting as grandpas legs so he wo nt have to give up on pruning shrubs and planting pansies .
someone managed to get their early spring planting in before everything went to hell .
the land was in the process of being prepared for planting , and the hut looked like it had been used from time to time .
` ` you ca n't do the planting and visit winky at the same time , '' he said .
how do we know the proper planting time ?
in my mind , i tried to picture an army of stealth - hollywood landscapers in black ninja outfits and night - vision goggles , sneaking around in our back yard in the dead of night , using sound - muffled tree planting equipment to plant the larch after they floated everything into the yard quietly by giant dirigible .
that not only meant planting and harvesting , but also making sure animals bred and had their babies , and people , well.she sighed again .
you re halfway through your year of training , but this is the end of your planting .
in the meantime , '' susan continued , looking at the group , ` ` let us prepare the soil for planting .
she looked out the dome beyond the sloping ridge , beyond the outpost where the planting droids were at work .
but to your point , '' she addressed to rei , ` ` remember that the onsiras were in the background , planting seeds .
glossary arcadian main characters and terminology planet arcadia original homeworld of the gods planet earth where the arcadians became stranded skyship arcadian fleet ( 12 ) hovering above earth royal skyship skyship where current king resides king hedron council leader ; father of caliban the council of twelve arcadians ruling body lord malik former king and council leader queen amethyst wife of hedron ; mother of caliban lord janus member of the council ; father of amethyst gaelin minister prime ; second under king hedron the healers arcadian medical caste valen healer to the royal family the first order - arcadian religious caste ayron prophet of the first order earthspeak language of the earthers katchawans human tribe below skyship arcadia lord damon council member and maliks cohort enclave of the first order residence of the religious caste ancient staff carried by ayron , the prophet rod of truth another name for the ancient staff law of sanctuary given by the brothers of the first order the one who created all the arcadians deity ( god ) right of challenge to challenge ones authority to the death sacred chamber exclusive meeting place in the enclave keeper of the ancient texts one of ayrons many roles sword of youth play sword used by arcadian children the guardians protectors of the arcadian royal family livers of arcadia those who reside on skyship arcadia clipper smaller transport mainly used by the guardians transport larger transport mainly used for crop collection transport master oversees operations of the transports whisper mode transports made invisible to everyone lady ariana wife of lord janus ; mother of amethyst brother tieran brother of the first order ; witness brother malicai brother of the first order ; witness collectors those who gather crops in transports ( unseen ) the black guard maliks own personal security forces the great hall ceremonial meeting hall ( skyship arcadia ) sleeper a deadly handheld weapon used by the arcadians enok a wolf - like creature once existing on arcadia roundtable where the council of twelve convenes queen morgana wife of king janus phaelon abductor of young prince caliban mordan abductor of young prince caliban tarrek abductor of young prince caliban fallon son of malik ; lord of skyship celestia saliya hedrons attendant ; administers poison to end ones days to kill another one height the height of a man ( 6 ) coin of the realm arcadian money skyship arcadia king hedrons skyship skyship orion lord januss skyship skyship celestia lord maliks skyship skyship pertheon lord damons skyship earth - hour one hour one passing one day one night one night earth - cycle one year one century one century numerology remains the same one moons passing one month morn / morning interchangeable katchawan main characters and terminology wildern overhang the forest on earth bow and feather fly a bow and arrow chieftain ruler of any tribe on the surface rowatan chieftain of the katchawan tribe zander ( the sayer ) spiritual leader of tribe keeper of peace role of chieftain or sayer protectors those in the tribe who fight watchers look after the tribe at night deerden a deer or herd of deer wolvern the wolves bearen a bear timber a tree warmer a fire darkfall night time younger a child within the tribe grown one and adult within the tribe the get alongs to have good relations in a bad way bad relations with the others come to the decision to make a choice water hold a container for carrying water fishers those in the tribe who primarily fish hunters those in the tribe who primarily hunt plainers those in the tribe who tend to the crops give the speak to talk in the earther language broke one who has an injury flush one who has recovered lifeblood blood ; seen when injured in the sleep nighttime , to go to sleep on the hide to hide ; to avoid skins animal hides used as clothing and bedding the promise to bind one to marriage until passing wearings clothing made from hides of deerdan leggings pants made from the hides of deerdan mocsins footwear made from the hides of deerdan topper a shirt made of cloth by the herders sharper course stone used to sharpen weapons cutter a belt knife made of animal bone sword proper name as told to caleb by gaelin bringer a parent or those who came before bringers of bringers the ancient katchawan emah respectful name for mother ( familiar ) epah respectful name for father ( familiar ) wander member of tribe leaves to prove his worth healings natural remedies used by the katchawan katchawan tribe that adopts young prince caliban northers tribe bordering katchawans to the north herders tribe bordering katchawans to the west chicagons tribe bordering katchawans to the south the others tribes in the vicinity of the katchawan those beyond tribes distant to the katchawan the great waters lake on which the katchawan live neyah ( the wise one ) widow who adopts young caliban the outlands forbidden ruins of the ancient cities of earth those above the arcadians in their skyships ( the gods ) those below all humans living on the surface of earth the give back to express or give kindness as given in the rights to do the right thing ; proper decorum day of penance when crops are collected by the gods domos katchawan homes made of wood and mortar center of all community domus where zander lives to ring the bell request sayer in the center of all janaiya - ( one who smiles ) daughter of rowatan ephron one of the protectors of the katchawan elayna ephrons promised one ; his wife zackaria son of ephron and elayna sorrys to apologize to another worries to be concerned have the feelings to care for another on the look to be aware of possible danger give the welcome to be accepted into the tribe of the age fifteen cycles ; from younger to adult end of days when one dies ; passes away or is killed share the meal invite others to eat with you in domo troubles of living the earthers struggle to survive ariel one of the youngers who fought caleb in his youth joseph one of the youngers who fought caleb in his youth connor one of the youngers who fought caleb in his youth ender of wolvern a title given to extremely gifted hunters caverns ancient where the ancient earthers first retreated caleb ( prince caliban ) known as the lost one among tribe times of planting spring the warm passings - summer the cold passings winter timberfall fall from the author thank you for your purchase of the legend of caliban ( part 1 ) fall from grace .
after their organs were harvested for the fertility ceremony , they were taken and placed beneath the soil of the planting fields .
three large fields had been selected for planting .
everyone was going to learn every part of the planting process .
chapter 13 mother suspended the clean out of new buildings during the planting .
during planting , days were long and they worked until there simply was n't enough light .
the farming ships landed soon after , and took immediate advantage of carillon 's lot 's fertile soil , whose texture and mineral content indicated a fine medium for the planting of accelerated - growth foodstuffs .
a commercial that announced a new line of turbomag subs with new non - stops to tokyo played and then a public service announcement about planting trees to stop mud slides .
you may know about planting seeds in nice neat rows , but you need to know how to survive no matter where you are .
at its edge , behind a row of coconut trees , started the plantings of what looked like a small farm .
` ` you have forever to think about it , you can pace yourself , '' sister joseph commented from the field where she still enjoyed planting tomatoes with her own hands even though the whole process was now completely automated .
not even talking about planting trees .
first , preparation for potato planting will begin .
teams will turn the soil for planting and potatoes will be cut into sections for planting ( it is my understanding that there only needs to be one eye on a potato section to grow a new plant ) .
teams will turn the soil for planting and potatoes will be cut into sections for planting ( it is my understanding that there only needs to be one eye on a potato section to grow a new plant ) .
' planting trees . '
i should be spending a few hours a day out there digging and weeding , composting and planting , but i m not .
normally they work with me , now they 're all down the far end of the garden , planting potatoes and celery and staying as far away from my storm cloud as they can get .
even the children help with plantings and harvests ; school will not resume until after the snows come .
on the one hand there was the snarling sort , who denied everything , accused the arresting officer of planting evidence , who threatened and sniveled and sneered .
robots that had served as assistant cooks and stand - by drivers , robots that had served no other function than to wait until someone wanted to enter or leave a room , and then push the button that activated the automatic door , robots that had been wasted on the most menial and absurd of tasks , suddenly found themselves planting trees , operating earth - moving equipment , hand - pollinating flowers , and raising fish and insects and mammals to be released into the wild .
she thought of it as a sietch , but it was really a collection of low walls made of stabilized mud brick surrounded by plantings to hold back the dunes .
they had only a bare minimum of hand planting irrigated by the women , who carried water in skin bags .
the same problems which had lashed the pilgrims , those of clearing land , planting , protecting crops and livestock .
` ` water traps have been destroyed , qanats blasted , plantings poisoned and storage basins plundered ... '' the voice of this intrusion was known to all of them - muad'dib .
the desert wind had stirred up evil odors from the fringe plantings which anchored the dunes at the cliff base .
if the planting this month does n't go well , next winter will be even harder , and hard times make people willing to accept a man who preaches change . ''
` ` the planting season is upon us , my lords , '' sarene sad .
` ` the planting season is almost here , is n't it ? ''
` ` how goes the planting ? ''
` ` he has already organized the planting teams . ''
the planting was aiready well under way .
once they reached the chapel , galladon went back to his planting , saolin 's men dispersed to their patrols , and karata decided - despite her earlier protests - that she should return to the palace .
` ` is everyone doing as i asked with their planting ? ''
additional seed corn provided a chance for a second planting , one much larger and ambitious than the first .
grant could see the outline of a swimming pool , the rectangles of tennis courts , and the round squiggles that represented planting and shrubbery .
a little more planting , landscaping , and i 'd say it was perfect . ''
` ` planting . ''
` ` let us go for the day while they talked over whether to try another planting there , or just let them grow and see what comes of it . ''
the hills to the west become fields for planting ? ''
there were garden plantings in the open here , poisonous but beautiful .
` ` i always enjoy planting - seeing the miracle of the little dead - looking seeds having so much life in them .
this was early april , so the spring planting of barley , peas , oats and beans - the so - called lenten crops - would be nearly finished .
the two of them had been on the edge of getting down to business when roy and clay ( pinch and jilly , rimer thought ) showed up , their plowing and planting in the second - floor cribs also apparently over for another night .
as he watched the process , he realized that the japanese might well receive from this influence an entirely additional growing - season : if they might rely on such a rescue , when a frost threatened the crop , they might begin the first planting earlier , and take the second harvest later , and get two crops instead of one .
the planting 's all done now , so there 's nothing really very pressing to keep people away .
when spring gets here , we 'll drop off some farm tools , chickens , and seeds for planting . '
it 's coming on toward planting time , and if a farm kitchen 's falling apart at planting time or harvest time , the farm hands start looking for new jobs .
it 's coming on toward planting time , and if a farm kitchen 's falling apart at planting time or harvest time , the farm hands start looking for new jobs .
' there 'll be more when we get into the planting .
' i ' m sure you do , but this is the planting season .
there was a method to the planting of the stakes .
the men grumbled a bit , but they went on out into the meadow and started digging up sod for all they were worth , while the women came along behind them planting beans and other things that are good to eat .
the concepts of plowing and planting were alien to ekial , but he could understand the value of having enough food to get through the coming winter .
if rabbit could devise the right tool , it might just make the shovel obsolete when the time came to prepare the ground for planting .
the women of asmie grew beans , and once planting was finished , they did n't have much to do until harvest time .
they had to cut down the trees to give themselves open ground for planting , so the land down there does n't look at all like the land up here .
once the spring planting is finished , a farmer really has nothing significant to do until harvesting in the autumn , and that gives him far too much time for speculation .
the women needed help in preparing the ground for planting , and longbow 's chief , old - bear , told these two that some tribes in your domain live in a vast grassland where there are n't any trees , and they build their lodges out of sod instead of tree branches .
the women of the tribe are coming along behind them planting seeds .
now that the planting was done , more and more farmers were drifting in , drawn by the stories that had been going around .
the hunting and fishing in the place longbow and i found should be very good , and there 's much open land for planting . ''
if we want the men of the tribe to start cutting sod now to clear the meadow for planting , i do n't think we should depend on the summer wind to persuade them that it 's the best thing to do . ''
` ` planting is women 's work .
red - beard quickly described the scheme he and longbow had used to trick the men of the tribe into clearing the ground for planting .
aye , and seed for planting .
there would be no more plantings , no more hopes of one last harvest .
when the communicayshuns tower fell , they were all confined to their houses again , except when teams of 'em are working the fields , readying for next year 's planting , under guard from armed soldiers .
but today is different , since there will no planting , no harvesting or clearing of the fresh crops , and minimal animal care performed by the medical robots .
bartholomew has successfully failed getting any one member of the agri business - partners to accept the relocation plan , spreading , and sharing the crop knowledge of planting , harvesting , and farming , within the other noble planets .
the students proceeded with the planting of the corn kernels .
gavillet lives in west central illinois with her husband , two children , one dog , three cats , several ducks and two demanding guinea pigs where she drinks more tea than any sane person should and likes to play in the dirt planting flowers .
there were even underground tunnels leading from the planting fields to an escape hatch built in the ground below the back of the outer wall .
the business associates are not located on commerce , either , since they re located on the farm world busy planting , gathering , and harvesting food crops .
the day slipped by in a long train of thoughts , and she forced herself to focus on her planting , to immerse herself in her work .
sarah was caught in his gaze , sensing the emotion behind his seemingly casual comment about their planting .
she stood on a rutted dirt path edging a field yet to be turned in preparation for spring planting .
sorrow left in the passing of the great can turn furrows readied for new planting .
second , there is plig , the season of planting , wit mai and juna .
it was the dawn of the 60th day and it was also the 5th day of the month mai , which is the first month of the season known as plig , or the season of planting .
ok . leah , you check p for planting and such .
the smell was musty and sweet , reminded me of early spring planting in mums small veggie garden .
the beans will return you to their original planting .
the robot malfunctions , break downs and halting slow our food planting , without proper maintained and updates since tech world is busy , busy with business , none of my bees wax , either .
noting down some points to consider along one side , and on the other side placing a planting schedule for the plants , with notes for expected numbers and species he preferred to use .
over the years they had traveled the railroad from south to north , all over the region , following the warmth as the season turned toward planting , then back again for the harvest .
farms would come to life when spring planting season arrived .
summer planting season is coming up , and they want to get back to their ranches , matt said .
so , to complete the story , my mother was in our little square garden planting flowers in a window box , of all things .
there was a time for clearing and a time for planting , time for tending the crops and harvesting them .
i took him around the property , explaining where the parking area would be located and how the planting beds would work .
it helped him stay in touch with the outside world while he trekked across government land planting cannabis .
ten years ago i spent six months running around federal lands with him planting pot .
hugger was a business man / grower who every year walked hundreds of miles over federal land planting seeds that yielded an always in demand cash crop .
the next several photos showed tall , white people with clipboards and huge floppy hats , posing with little brown folks who looked like they just wanted to get back to planting , sowing , picking coffee and being away from assholes for a while .
piles of materials were scattered all about , while in the fields cattle were grazing and the soil was being prepared for spring planting .
planting fingerprints is not exactly rocket science .
rose was happy enough pottering out in the considerable garden , planting flowers and joining in local community projects , but soon she grew bored .
had to get some help from warren this year , could nt do the digging and planting anymore .
i had a spot , a nook between the fender and the seat of the john deere , and i had spent hours there firmly grasping the metal pole holding the umbrella that would cover the driver , either pappy or my father , when we chugged through the fields plowing or planting or spreading fertilizer .
we took the field road until the house and barn were out of sight , then turned onto a narrow path we used for spring planting .
i 'd spent hours on it , plowing , disking , planting , even hauling cotton to town with my father or pappy , and its operation had always seemed sufficiently complex and challenging .
so planting was restricted to the spring , and pruning and cleanup was finished by the end of the summer .
it was wrong to be in the klan , hating everybody and planting bombs .
he 's planting seeds .
i do n't know , he 'd said , but i tell you what , jude , i should be in business admin , not moo u. i ' m a hell of a lot better at selling than at planting .
while the planting season began outside , the nesting season took over on the inside .
before the turn , elvi had spent hours everyday in her garden ; weeding , planting , pruning , watering .
not mowing your lawn or planting flowers .
i thought suddenly , my fingers , running over a stand of planting seeds , going still .
he 'd brought the trees here for the barren gullies and gorges , planting oak , beech , alder , elm , sycamore , and birch .
either way , they were n't out there planting roses .
saturdays at cordell feed and seed usually were busy during spring planting season .
ashe was tired and covered in dirt and mud by the time the planting was over saturday afternoon .
then plowing and planting would commence , just as it did every year .
spring had arrived and planting was about to begin .
i think i'l spend the last couple of hours planting shrubs , and get frank to sign my sheet .
in fact , if you look closely at the footnotes for plantations and plantings : a garden divided , you will see that several of the primary sources for their study came from my personal collection .
there really is an art to planting bugs .
` ` nine and i both have something that looks like it could be used for farming or planting , and eight has an object that can summon chimra .
` ` it 's what we call the guys workin ' their butts off in the gardens - tilling , weeding , planting and such . ''
` ` planting is a week from tomorrow , '' longshot answered .
the planting does n't have to be done today . ''
from the grave , heavy expressions of those around me , this was not typical of the start of planting season .
` ` what 's the planting usually like ? ''
` ` it 's all we can do to get out for planting and tending , idiot .
` ` i collect there has been some difficulty with the spring planting . ''
hopefully meals would improve once we finished the initial planting and decided where to set the outpost .
beneath my despair , relief stirred ; i was so glad she 'd made it back since i 'd suggested she volunteer to help with the planting .
for that reason , i preferred this season to all others , even spring planting .
birds chirped , the leftovers of angelica 's garden bloomed and the farmers on neighboring farms worked hard to prepare the land for planting .
i also wondered how training this morning would affect my father 's planting come spring .
his skin was darkening again , now that he was out in the sun all the time practicing or helping his dad with the planting .
it was time for the men to make the longship seaworthy , time for the women to start clearing the ground for planting .
at least they were finally doing the truly pleasant part - the planting of the flowers , making it look done .
last spring 's planting had been haphazard , and those who managed to plant found no fuel available to harvest .
planting time was approaching ; we had some vegetable seed i had put away , but i wanted to make a trip into pierson and see if we could scavenge anything from the co - op .
it was hoped this spring there would be better success planting , and if the weather remained favorable , there would be more than enough to carry over throughout next winter .
we spent the weekend planting potatoes , talking gardening , greenhouses , and livestock while enjoying the glen .
i loved the land , the smell of breaking ground , the whole process of planting and waiting , and then the harvest .
if she were in burundi , she would intuitively know whether a village was empty because of war , disease , pestilence or because the villagers were in their fields planting or harvesting .
there was no sign of activity anywhere : no cattle , no crops in the fields , no fields being readied for spring planting , nothing .
before david left , they had decided to mark out the garden for the spring planting upon his return .
it was only february , with plans for planting dierdres garden still long weeks away , but the larder was full of the food that the gypsies had stolen and stacked in boxes in a barn .
with the ground too wet for planting , seika had time to work on the roof having little else to do this early in the spring .
the olmec used their skill at working iron to make shovels for planting and eventually a harvesting blade .
upon the table were five sacks of flour for bread and two bags of seed for the next field planting .
he was breaking the volcanic rock for the next planting season .
eventually horse and manpower might replace gas engines , but were not ready for that yet and were going to need all the fuel for this coming years planting and harvesting .
we estimate that supplies are enough to get us through the next planting and harvest as long as were smart and do nt waste anything .
unlike most of the areas they walked through getting to the jp , here the people they saw waved , and they also witnessed farmers in the fields clearing and preparing for planting , sometimes with tractors and sometimes with teams of horses .
nonetheless , planting meant lifehe set off down the steep ridge into the valley below .
she said as she went back to planting .
we have two hectare in the backyard , and i would be pleased to take over the planting and harvesting on your behalf .
the planting season pulled irresistibly at the texians , but with each passing day more new texans arrived in goliad from the united states .
now , what with the planting season coming on , hank desperately needed to get home and tend to his family .
another point , i detected the eternal god of the earth has begun planting , while civet will lead you to a small village , where you spend tonight to observe their behavior . ''
moms family moved to gastonia , n.c . shortly after that and doc labored in the fields planting and harvesting vegetables and cotton on his small farm .
he had spent one entire day digging and planting and watering , had gone inside for an hour and come out to find that jake had not only dug them up all up but eaten every trace of every plant .
she felt like a master farmer building the fields for the planting season .
i kept my peace and went back to my garden work , giving ethel some excuse that tony expected me to finish the planting by the end of the day .
* * * * * planting clues , tuesday 5:07 p.m. dave set down his workstation .
it would n't be long before hundreds of tulips stood like fancy - hat - wearing soldiers all over the yard , the result of painstaking pre - winter planting by his mom over the years .
it was the first day of a new year and the first season reda , the season of rebirth in between the seasons of sna , snow , and plig , planting , one of five seasons with two months each .
there would be months of work ahead to get them all cleared and furrowed and then seeded in plig , the season of planting .
the children came to see him on most nights during the planting and harvest seasons after a hard day of work to hear his stories for about an hour or so before they returned home and went to bed .
in any case , they abandoned most of their wandering ways , except for some knowledge of forest lore and the need to hunt with bow and arrow or spear , for cultivating the land , planting seeds , and waiting for them to grow before harvesting the crop .
` ` just for note , '' the tiny fae began , ` ` the kale needs deeper planting .
the thing seemed content to remain within the grove , perhaps drawn to the native soil brought over for the planting .
arin listened intently to the song , smiling and nodding at the hideous portrayals as if they were describing revelers at a planting festival .
freeholders and the freeholders sons toiled in the fields , breaking up the soil in preparation for the spring planting .
maybe it was because the two boys were using forks to dig a field for planting seeds and the witches were concerned that they might use them as weapons .
and the planting ?
zachery was happy to note that the successful planting had done endless good to his daughter .
two weeks after the initial planting , zacherys closest neighbour , another farmer named nathaniel , came by .
the ground had thawed , and was now ready for the first plantings .
the ground is ready for the planting , yes , replied danniella as she stood up .
it was true that not every book was particularly interestingshe had spent a portion of the previous day reading a short treatise on how to increase crop yields through better planting techniquesbut just the notion that peoples thoughts and ideas and yes , their planting techniques , were available continued to impress her .
it was true that not every book was particularly interestingshe had spent a portion of the previous day reading a short treatise on how to increase crop yields through better planting techniquesbut just the notion that peoples thoughts and ideas and yes , their planting techniques , were available continued to impress her .
your spring , she continued , sounds very much like our early moons- wet , and the best time for planting .
after winter loosened its hold on the land , the spring planting occupied much of the populace .
farmers were buying grain for winter planting before prices rose , and masons bought up porphyry just as eagerly .
he did nt know whether they had ever seen a plough , much less know what they were for or how much work was involved in planting seed .
it is for planting seeds , lady .
and there was still a third group who believed that the destruction , doubtless the work of the cruel gods of life and death killing most people while letting some live just to suffer had been at the last moment influenced by the goddess luck , who , livid at the wickedness of her sons , had torn off a third piece from the fragment that was supposed to ensure the survival of some people , and let it drop , gently as the planting of a seed , in a land which , by grace of her mercy , was left unscathed .
aloysia directed the planting of crops so they would have food for the cold season .
table of contents a kernal planting the three hunters and the dead boy sprouts the time the babies grew fangs and hunted their parents first weeding mother moon is torn in half , and her blood creates maize light and heat the time father sun killed all the boys growing the war between the cities weeding the night of spirits ripening the great sacrifice on 13 kawil harvest sacnik and the yax cacao burning ix - xuls vision ashes about the author a kernal the day of my birth was 17 ch'en 11 ix , a day when the harvest was coming to an end and the delicious foods of the fields were plentiful .
since they were in their years of strength , there was no burning of the marriage , no second planting .
on the day 5 pax 9 manik , a day for planting seeds , i caught the fruits he dropped down and placed them in his carrying - basket .
so went the new years festival , until the old village fire was extinguished and the new fire was kindled and planting began .
it was the evening of 0 yax 2 manik when we had this discussion , because manik days are good for planting seeds .
planting came , and kaakik and i put seeds in the ground and then weeded around the sprouts when they broke through the soil .
king vletch decided that it would be good for the people of his kingdom to know about more than just planting potatoes and cabbages , so a few years ago he ordered the building of a library .
she could only see the earth at the planting and at harvest when everything was being turned or being picked , and in the spring , all the colors were bright and vibrant full of life renewed .
there were quite a lot of people putting themselves up for hire in various capacities , the largest being agricultural workers as it would soon be time for the spring planting .
the mammoths , they were ridden to plow the fields for planting ( and also helped with the planting as they could scatter seeds with their trunks ) ; the ceras were mainly used for harnessing the power of the sun .
the mammoths , they were ridden to plow the fields for planting ( and also helped with the planting as they could scatter seeds with their trunks ) ; the ceras were mainly used for harnessing the power of the sun .
and you put a certain amount of work into it , do nt you , tilling , fertilizing , planting , weeding , and the like ?
there was a bunch of people there , working and singing and talking and laughing , and planting trees .
i do nt suppose they get much planting done , making a party out of it like that .
it would lead me back to the farm , back to living , planting , harvesting , birthing , dying .
not as good as planting trees though .
and ... and there would be a holy commandment involving the planting of more lettuces ... by the time the big boy arrived back with the waxy - skinned man , the great god om was in no mood for pleasantries .
mort remembered the woodcut in his grandmother 's almanack , between the page on planting times and the phases of the moon section , showing dethe thee great levyller comes to alle menne .
you ' ve probably seen him at some of the balls - he 's been in luthadel lately , over the winter , between planting seasons . ''
when the lords had left the town - a farming community , slightly more urban than a northern plantation - fatren had been the one who had convinced the skaa to go ahead with their planting .
not only does the city there contain a storage cache - with grain we desperately need for a second planting down in the central dominance - but the city 's new rulers are gathering strength and an army .
send the seed stock down to the central dominance for planting . ''
tavi followed , hopping up onto one of the stone planting troughs to put his head on a level with theirs .
and on the other ... '' meara looked around her , the new plantings , those from past years spreading and spearing , the woods beyond in their rainy evening gloom .
every first of five - month , a feast was held at court to celebrate the spring plantings .
he asked dennis 's opinion on the spring plantings .
unless we can kill the beast or drive it away , in a year or two we wo n't have any planting season at all . ''
not much time for visiting , what with the coming of spring and the hurried planting .
still feeling dazed , renald sent two to gather up the animals , two more to pack what grain and provisions they had left from the winter and the final man off to fetch geleni , who had gone into the village for some new seed , just in case the planting had gone bad on account of their stores .
this place had been churned and torn as if in preparation for planting .
timas sets another couple of devices at the top of the little hill , covering them with loose earth , like someone planting seeds .
rabbi sherebiah did n't completely agree with rabbi jacimus and they began to quote the sages on these points and to ` ` dispute '' in general , and finally the old rabbi called for us to offer our prayers of thanksgiving that the windows of heaven had been opened , and the fields would soon be ready for the planting to begin .
the planting had started .
` ` cold weather followed by planting , growing , harvest ? ''
` ` the non - slave women must make an offering of grain , fruit , and wine to the gods so they will bless our crops in the next planting season . ''
` ` you and i are going to do one last sweep of the entire town to make sure april , tavia , and the kids have plenty of supplies , including seeds and equipment for planting , and then we 'll be on our way . ''
first the design was drawn by the great capability brown , and then several other gardeners did the physical work of planting and construction .
after everything was set and everyone stood back in complete silence gods , we your faithful servants have gathered tonight to celebrate the end of winter and the beginning of spring , to honor belenos , and to pray that this years plantings , herds and even ourselves are as fertile as you would have us to be , for this is the celebration of fertility bring forth the first offerings to the gods .
a few days later the cattle were again lead to pasture and the fields were being prepared for the spring planting .
this spring gwynn , corra , and ariana would not participate in the planting , this season they would be in training chapter 30 i personally will oversee your training .
the planting of wheat , barley , peas , beans and lentils had already begun .
the anglais engages planting here were sent on their way ; they are fortunate we did not do worse .
` ` this batchd not be worth tuppence the dozen for clearing stumps and planting . ''
now that the spring planting would be soon upon them , allan planned to start his cabin , begin laying the plans for harriet to join him ... if the desire still seized her own heart as it did his .
fitzwilliam had been up and riding out early to consult with his farm bailiff about the spring planting .
during the prior decade mexicans and other hispanics became the mainstay of the migrating crews that swarm the north country during planting - to - harvest time .
he laughs and laughs the angrier jared gets , then fades away as jared starts duck - walking towards the tree line that serves as a windbreak for the farmers planting field that adjoins the prison .
the ground for miles around had been tilled , waiting for the spring planting .
with a closed market , bankrupt farmers quit planting grain and the mid - west breadbasket land lay fallow with only weeds to hold the loose soil in place .
hixson sat down with pencil and paper to plan out the spring planting , and estimate how much seed he would have to buy .
he was selecting the strongest seeds for planting , said brother martin .
will handed a cigar to rhett and they began talking about the planting .
wade stretched tiredly , knowing that he would be very tired by the end of the day , after staying up all night , but today was the first day of planting , and there was nothing that could keep him from work today .
chapter 8 the new planting season was almost like a new beginning , turning the earth , readying it for a small seed that would take root and begin a new life , and that was exactly how he felt he had turned his life around .
he had not been here for planting , and he sorely feared that the plantation had suffered without an extra hand , and when he turned the bend , he found that his fears had been well - founded .
conversations had shifted from war to planting and harvest and the devastated economy .
as they moved along the road to tara , will talked on about the planting and the success with the newborn calves , and wade noticed the magnolia trees weighted down with large blossoms of soft white petals .
tom and his pa had also worked during the winter on clearing some more land to make room for more planting .
he was pretty good at working the fields and gathering the crops , but he was nt as confident about doing the plowing and planting .
i reckon tom will get to try out his skills on the plow this planting season .
his pa had been around for the plowing and planting last year .
tom had finished plowing and preparing the fields for planting by the last week in april .
they would have something simple that could be prepared in a hurry until the planting was done .
before tom realized it the plowing and planting had been finished .
the field was being prepared for planting , much as mr . lafferes place had looked .
william and isaac are out on the back forty clearing a new ground for next years planting season .
after a few minutes , catherine and sam began to leave , luke reaches out and stops sam , junior , sam , tell me , i know farmers clear new ground in the fall getting ready for spring planting .
i think we might finish up with our planting today , what do you think ?
uncle dave is at his wits end , he knows planting season is upon them ; however , he does nt know what to do and is asking if we could come for a visit and straighten things out .
we have finished the planting ; harvest time should be in a month or two .
i believe i can go into scarlettsville and sell them for enough money to get us some food and enough supplies to get the spring planting started .
from across the table malinda asks , once we finish the spring planting , i ask one favor ?
i do nt know but it is sure enough to get us back in to the milling business , provide food for scarlett and enough to get the spring planting going .
you can come , but we must find enough gold and get back to scarlett to buy seed and planting supplies before spring planting in march or april .
you can come , but we must find enough gold and get back to scarlett to buy seed and planting supplies before spring planting in march or april .
we will pan a couple of bags of gold and get back home and buy up the spring planting supplies .
of course they had a tractor to do the plowing and a seeder to do the planting .
there were more machines working the land , planting or harvesting .
i walked up to leonardo who was on his knees planting tomatoes outside our home .
rather than cut the same number of holes she had with a stick , she used the same number of days for planting and ended up with three times the number of corn plants .
whatever doubts he might have had about the prospects in missouri faded as he gazed at the broad fields , ready for planting , which stretched away on both sides of the wagon road .
eighty are cleared , and as you can see , most of that is already broken and ready for spring planting .
you 're a farmer , jason , born and bred , and you know that now , right away , is the time for planting if this farm is to produce a decent crop this year . ''
jason had used the excuse of his wound and the urgency of planting season to draw even more deeply into the protective cocoon of his farm and family .
he could not recall helping any neighbors during planting seasons , only during harvest every autumn .
my reserve duty ends next january , just in time to get the fields ready for a planting .
we ve got enough food stored to last a year and planting time is almost here .
chapter 12 the wedding party throughout the summer of 1862 the planting and harvesting went well .
he could find hired hands to help with the weeding and hoeing but plowing and planting required experienced farmers .
i mean , were going to be busy withthe planting .
this time of year was not a popular one to be taking men away from the land as it was spring and a time to be ploughing , sowing and planting .
the people of this state should be out plowing and planting , not fighting each other .
he was so inspired to get the tractor finished as soon as possible so that they could get it out for spring planting , that he was working day and night trying to connect all the new parts , and sending marco out for supplies .
i just have to tweak the engine a bit and i think were going to be ready for spring planting .
just stressed out a bit about getting this tractor done for spring planting .
the heavy rain and strong wind had flattened new shoots and weathered plantings alike but the mild temperature and full sun of the morning had conspired to produce a miraculous recovery , and vegetation which had looked limp and lifeless at dawn was now glistening and healthy .
spring arrived , and soon the entire village was busy with the spring planting .
you yourself know of the might of my men , for it was pechenegs whom we slaughtered north of here at the time of the spring planting ! ''
a woman in a square hide dress , her dark hair spiralling in the wind , sat next to my woodpile and hurled my ceramic planting pots at a burly , bearded viking male .
daren was home that weekend and agreed to help his wife by making an emergency run to the home improvement center for more planting soil .
the day 's work of planting flowers had been completed .
tree planting is part of the soil remediation process , he said .
next to the house , a battered old radio played while sebastian talked planting , tools , and seeds with the old nutter .
shed plowed them since the last time he d scoped it out , turning the dark , rich earth over in preparation of planting .
susan and amy began working outside around the house planting flowers .
the ground breaks into gentle hills and hollows , all clothed with beautiful wood , totally destitute of the comparative formality which artificial planting and early culture and pruning impart .
may 28th , 1985 , has become may 29th over the dark and stormy country that is western illinois tonight ; farmers backsore with plantings sleep like the dead below and dream their quicksilver dreams and who knows what may move in their barns and their cellars and their fields as the lightning walks and the thunder talks ?
his father , who was reputed to be crazy , had a little spread out at the end of kansas street , near the newport town line , and henry put in at least thirty hours a week hoeing , weeding , planting , digging rocks , cutting wood , and reaping , if there was anything to reap .
then came planting , and following the planting came summer 's work : hoeing ... hoeing ... hoeing .
much of my free time is spent gardening now , preparing for a spring planting .
we dug up the grounds , and with her direction , we spread out fertilizer to ready the ground for planting .
their father picked up his cup of coffee and said , that way we do nt have to rush the rest of the harvest or the planting season next year .
the planting will be done by then .
that s when planting will be done .
you seem to think you can get married before planting season begins , if your plan for margarets man to arrive around that time and the double wedding come to pass .
before planting , jessica mouthed back .
across the equator and beyond to peru , where incan moon - orbiting cows learn to moo , we study calculations at the feet of archimedes , all the whilst planting gardens of sugar diabetes .
knocked down all those nice tea roses the gardener had just finished planting . ''
he loves all of the strange plants and the rich , damp , planting beds covered with decomposing leaves that yield the fattest fishing worms he s ever seen .
stopping to check one of the planting beds for worms , he brushed at the leaves and soil , exposing several large wrigglers .
the man was good at what he did planting , hunting , reaping , and repairing all in the shadow of the low hills that began to roll green and verdant in eastern oklahoma .
i know it was january but if it was for planting , rows or at least dirt would be visible .
one afternoon found woody helping otto planting tomato plants out back .
` ` to answer your question , there 's no real reason why that island in particular , but the strait is a great place to study effects from over - planting .
it was the reward of planting thought seeds and having them flourish and bloom before my very eyes .
` ` i always wondered about chaps who went around planting seeds , '' said neville .
harry had helped her build this credibility over time by offering the odd bit of confidential information , and persuading her to pass it on ; a small price to pay for the dependability of her planting technique .
she was one of the enthusiasts ; the troublesome ones who were intense about adopting the correct attitude while drying dishes or planting millet .
the woman immediately hugged her and began speaking in a different sort of burbling that made dean think of red wine and girls planting potatoes in fresh black earth .
nobody wanted to doubt caza 's word , but everyone knew the crop - picking was accomplished primarily during the day , as was the planting and the weeding , and , pay being by the bushel of picked crop , the more kids out there playin ' hooky , the more money their folks got to raise 'em on .
of course , next year there ll be no need to clear the brush , and the land will already be tilled for planting .
whether chasing or catching , planting or harvesting , all was apparently normal .
the book never lags for a instant , and it is full of realistic details on a wide framework of topics which range from dealing with the psychological integration of half - way house residents into society , the intricacies of the game of softball , the atmosphere of pubs , the challenges facing building contractors , the mindset of the kkk , to the correct planting of roses .
so it was that frequently during weekends in april he reluctantly cruised the streets of waska in darrens tiny car looking for edgecomb and fiona sparrow at their mothers houses , which they were known to visit on weekends , and even more reluctantly becoming involved in the fracas that followed their coming upon the pair planting roses at pat edgecombs house .
# winter did not want to let go that year and there was one last cold spell and snowstorm after stillbird had finished her spring planting .
the next day , mary began to prepare the garden for planting .
by the time it was warm enough to set out the tomato plants , the rest of the garden was growing in a noticeable pattern of concentric circles , and her father , who had been watching her planting as if he was watching some intricate dance step , asked her why she had planted the garden that way .
surrounded by such fecundity , it was inevitable that mary , too , should bear , and no sooner had she finished the planting that she noticed that the monthly bleeding had stopped almost as soon as it had started , for it had only just started .
they ca nt stop when its planting or harvesting time .
people here got to going after corn was harvested , and came back before spring planting .
probably a farmer discing or planting or herbiciding or whatever .
easy to overlook the hard work , long night and day hours of planting that had gone into this art .
warm weather has come and people are out in the gardens , digging , planting , transplanting , etc .
they witnessed the planting and they cried .
coming over the crest of a hill and seeing farms on both sides of the road , with rich green fields for haying and freshly plowed land for planting , and with the dark pine forest bordering the cultivated land like sentries while a red barn gleaming in the low sun cast a long , long shadow , it was so beautiful that patti gasped .
that s young corn on the right with the contoured plantings on the rolling hills .
concentrating , i thought : lets begin with planting but i panicked a bit .
scott calls for the rototiller and plans to prepare the soil for planting .
i m outside planting flowers and i hear something in the distance .
although opa never had seemed to be watching her and never had embarrassed her by asking , he always had known when the hoeing , whether for planting or weeding , had gone on so long that her knees quivered and her shoulders were hot in pain .
on the roughened workbench in front of her were a mound of vermiculite , an opened bag of potting soil , sphagnum moss , pots and a stack of black and green plastic planting flats .
like a few minutes ago when you agreed it was the war that has delayed your planting .
most people know something about planting .
at eighteen with estranged parents and a one - year old , at thirty - five planting bachelor buttons on the back yard of a house overlooking the housatonic river .
she had nt said anything when he built the new french planting beds , but the result was the beds were so wide she could nt reach the middle when she weeded .
i dug out almost all of the flowers , leaving only those that ran around the perimeter of the garden and set to work planting vegetables .
no planting !
for you see the spring is a busy season , lots of new things to see , smells to smell , winds to savor , and the male of the species may find all of this very interesting and he may forget all about planting seeds .
behrad , both the most secretive , and the most influential of the three , governed the southern league of the seed , a fraternity of hunters whose creed sang the glory of rapethe opposed planting .
would reason aloneand i mean physicallyallow us to perform the act of planting ?
helped mom and dad and uncle marty joe ( he s gone now , of course ) and jessy and barbara sowing , planting , and harvesting sugar beets .
there was still the same cycle of weeding , fertilizing , planting and harvesting .
always some unforeseen cost , some thousand or ten thousand dollars not factored in during spring planting .
the timing of planting and reaping always conflicted with the events of life .
shouting over his shoulder that the planting of the field should continue without him , weizescie ordered colling to follow him and began walking rapidly in the direction from which colling had just come .
thanks to the jews crop and his own more modest planting , he was holding his own : a small but comfortable house , a growing bank account .
` ` but once winter was over he would cut back on the booze , always sobering up for planting .
we had all that great soil under us , and as long as we got the planting and harvesting done on time we 'd never be destitute .
i shall not live in fear of hairy , cowardly monsters that move quietly in the dark still of the night planting injustice in my fertile garden .
i parked and listened to a discussion on npr , a group led by a young woman who had gone west to live as hunter - gatherers , no planting .
for the men , he bought plows for tilling and seeds for planting .
it was the time before spring planting when a farm family could be counted on to be near the farmhouse , to be able to make a decision about selling an old piece of furniture , an old family heirloom .
we grow all kinds of things , and like lots of people our spring and summer evenings are often spent with planting and tending the crops .
and that peanut butter had to be grown in a field way down in the south in some of the darkest , richest soil in this great country of america with an old tractor that had probably seen some better days and that tractor had to plow that dark rich soil on a cold dawn and ill bet it broke down six times before that field was ever plowed correctly for peanut planting and you better believe that every line that tractor lay down was straight or that farmer would have plowed the field over , right smack dab from the start , and that was where the peanuts were planted by the wrinkled hands of an old southern gentleman -- who knows his name , because i m the only one who s listening to this gall darned story and really interested in the way real things are made in this world ! -- and those peanuts had to be dug out of the ground when they were ready to be harvested and those peanuts had to be washed in a great big tub and those peanuts had to be trucked across the continent and those peanuts had to be run on assembly lines until they hardly knew who they were any more and they had to be roasted in a great , hot oven , and this is also what your swiss relatives did in indiana to make a living , roasting peanuts , so hot that people had to be checking its gauges and valves night and day in case it got too hot and exploded those peanuts and the whole factory with it , hotter than billy - be darned , and then those peanuts that you are dropping on ants so carelessly had to be dumped into hoppers to be mixed up in a great big vat and poured into a glass and a label had to be stuck onto it and it had to be boxed and it had to be trucked all the way out here to arizona from a factory in chicago at great expense and trouble and now you re about to feed it to an ant .
he was contemplating planting pumpkins in the summer if he could scrounge the seeds .
he was decades younger , digging those holes along the drive in the warm spring sun , intoxicated ( as farmers , and farmers sons , always are ) by the hope and promise of planting , a hope and promise made incarnate in the enthusiastic little girl playing and babbling along beside him .
then came the long wait for the trees to bear fruit which they started to do on the third anniversary of planting .
but as for growing themthe planting and transplanting and weeding and watering .
the last great flood at serpent gate had required two entire planting seasons to put right .
so , if were going to invest our time and energy into planting and growing , we need to choose carefully and make certain that we ve got what it takes to make our garden successful .
when were born , fresh from the womb , maybe even through to the time when were ten , eleven , or twelve and still playing fireman , policeman , indian chief , were kinda like a tiny , ready - for - planting seed .
the thing is , we do nt have a lot of time and conditions are right for planting , so if we want a crop , we need to make it happen now .
looks like its about ready for planting , gardener said before interrupting himself .
jamie continued planting throughout the night and into the early morning dawn in silence .
jamie opened his eyes and looked toward the plot of land that he d just finished planting .
the young environmentalist planting grasses in the tujunga wash might not count as a saint to many , but apparently she was enough of a good soul for judith raphael to keep tabs on her .
mely was active in the local beautification club , you know , planting trees , flowers for the park , that sort of thing .
the second project considered was a broad - based community cleanup ; dredging debris from rivers , picking up litter on highways , planting perennials on highways , and so forth .
many ancient cultures celebrated the new year twice , in the spring during planting and in the autumn during harvesting .
gardeners were probably readying the ground for spring planting .
i told him about the new plantings at marcuse durants and the cryptic comment he d made about the right kind of fertilizer turning an ugly thing into something beautiful .
we discussed several options for container planting , and we chatted about the weather .
* * * with the heat expected in the mid-90s the next day , liz burzachiello and i started very early in the morning weeding and planting perennials at a riverside property a mile or two up the poudre canyon .
we gathered five serviceberries for planting , and were prepping the holes when liz reminded me that shed be off the next day to attend the rockies final home game for the season .
we may have to be creative about obtaining the herbs you want since it 'll be past prime planting time .
they were plowing , sowing seeds and planting trees and flowers .
luckily , this included wading in mud and planting veg , so ' incredible edibles ' had a whole team of helpers that day .
i see a sign that promises to reclaim land for tree and shrub planting which makes me very happy and would have raffles smiling if he were still here .
i pictured my mother planting and tending her rose bushes with love .
you go do your planting , baking , or opening mail , whatever it is you do .
the damp air rose , fresh and green - smelling , the earth rich and virgin , awaiting the first spring planting .
she was holding a figurine of a mother and small daughter planting flowers together .
who does the planting ?
the tree planting would continue in the spring once the ground thawed .
its header read , public service announcement from lewis and clark national forest , tree planting in scorched national forest .
planting of pine seedlings in spring valley started recently to begin the healing process after the devastating fire a month ago .
they could not have continued planting trees in the dark .
so there was a crew of hispanics all right , but it was not for planting trees .
so planting might have to be delayed to account for that .
but right now we need you over by the river planting trees .
the planting of poppy seeds was finished long before i arrived here .
i recalled reading that from planting of poppy seeds to harvesting was about three months .
with this being late august and planting probably being late may this far north , harvest time was in high gear .
it was a skill that any of the soldiers could learn , but they probably would not reach the level of proficiency of the afghans for harvesting such a huge crop in the one planting season available to them .
her little adventure had been going great until she 'd almost accepted a date with jeremy after he 'd spent yesterday afternoon planting pansies in her yard .
she was pretending to be doing a yard chore - weeding or planting or something like that - but mike knew better .
there was nothing on his face , a man going about a mundane task , planting seeds , hammering a nail , putting in a buy order , whittling wood .
it was an older home , and the original owners had believed in planting .
he was all for the planting but not for the growing and anything else . ''
for three years she 'd tried to convince him to abandon his meticulous planting techniques , his organic pesticides , in favor of more grapes , more cases , more money .
she would have to loan azarmonian horses to speed up the planting and return them once they got the profits from the trading caravan she planned to send in the sunny months .
we need horses for the planting during the rainy months .
i will also borrow eighteen strong horses from my fathers stables so that the farmers will not find it difficult to prepare the soil for planting .
twenty - two thousand castols coming from the caravan will be set aside for buying new horses for the farmers in time for the sunny season planting .
i need strong men to help build a bunkhouse and till a field for planting and such .
jerry and nathan worked the farm , as planting season was underway , but i was trapped in the house , either washing or cooking .
chapter five the apple does nt fall far from the tree chapter six fancy seeing you here chapter seven he winked & my heart stopped chapter eight besame mucho chapter nine tutus & tushies chapter ten planting seeds of love chapter eleven if everybody had an ocean chapter twelve panty emergency chapter thirteen i love l.a . chapter fourteen soul baring chapter fifteen the cats out of the bag chapter sixteen what s a holiday without some drama ?
models of the missions were scattered about the room , as well as wooden planting squares that held crops representing the agricultural part , and stuffed animals in a makeshift corral representing the livestock .
springs calving season , planting , and repairing what winter brought down .
she chose the backyard , minus the glare of the warm sun to do the planting .
they were clearing more land for planting .
i knew that henry had helped roses sons with planting for many seasons after grandpa judson passed .
sure i was tired , but true to her word mom was up early and we spent the better part of the day planting flowers .
he still had much to do , including hiring the labor needed to help with the planting .
being a cowboy , he was in good physical shape , but planting grapevines needed a whole different muscle set .
that night at dinner , scott was discussing the planting progress with melissa and their company .
well , smiled mark , if were back to the topic the first days planting has gone smoothly .
it made me wish i had a yard to actually do some planting .
compared to the colourful richness of the planting inside the high walls of the garden shed just left , the rest of the chateau grounds seemed quite austere , as if all the gardeners energies were concentrated on that one patch of ground .
no politely refined garden rooms here , full of well - tended planting and thoughtfully placed seating bounded by walls , neatly clipped hedges and topiary , or anything that remotely resembled a finished garden of the ilk of bois des moutiers and no tidy row - upon - row of weed - free vegetables as shed seen in the walled potagers of chateaux de miromesnil and bosmelet , but still , darcy was more pleased to see the unpolished vistas through the trees than she could say .
mom and i went outside where i had already made a start on plantings , the previous day .
plus , i did a bit of what my mother called planting seeds of faith . ''
weeding , pruning , planting annuals ... after dinner she 'd decided to do some watering and remembered that she had n't collected the mail .
true , she 'd done the planting , but they 'd both contributed to the weeding and watering .
the earth beneath adam 's bedroom window had been turned up , as if someone had considered planting flowers or a shrub , then changed their mind .
luce watched the church bells ringing , watched the hands of the great old clock , and she let her memory drift back to her lives spent before the invention of linear time , when time meant seasons , the planting and the harvest .
he reroofed the house , worked on the old tractor that had come with the farm ; and thought about doing more planting the next spring .
` ` but what i mean is , most men do the heavy work , like plowing and planting , and let their wives manage the inside stuff , the cooking and the spinning and the weaving , and the laundry , and the preserving , and - well , anyway , all that stuff .
designed for the planting of barley or oats , no reason had been seen to alter them for the planting of potatoes .
designed for the planting of barley or oats , no reason had been seen to alter them for the planting of potatoes .
charged with the planting of potatoes in a land where no potato had ever been seen , ian had proceeded with method and logic , sending to edinburgh both for seed potatoes , and for a book on the subject of planting .
charged with the planting of potatoes in a land where no potato had ever been seen , ian had proceeded with method and logic , sending to edinburgh both for seed potatoes , and for a book on the subject of planting .
in due course , a scientific treatise on methods of farming , by sir walter o'bannion reilly had made its appearance , with a small section on potato planting as presently practiced in ireland .
successful potato planting could well make the difference between hunger and plenty for the folk of lallybroch over the next two years .
the spring was marked first by the planting of an enormous crop of potatoes ; over half the available land was given to the new crop - a decision justified within weeks by a hailstorm that flattened the new - sprung barley .
fields needed to be tilled for the spring planting ; cattle needed to be provisioned for overwintering .
it 's winter , and men want to be settling their homes and making things ready for the spring planting .
` ` perhaps we 'll do best to wait for the spring planting , after all . ''
still , the banks were thickly forested , with only the occasional glimpse of fields where a break in the trees showed plantings , or every so often , a wooden dock , half - hidden in the foliage .
track down men scattered over three colonies , persuade them to come with him , and simultaneously find sufficient capital to finance the clearing of land and planting of crops .
myers had brought a small but useful selection of tools , the iron parts clanking in a bag , to be supplied with wooden handles from the forest close at hand : a barking ax and another felling ax , a plowshare for the spring planting , augers , planes and chisels , a small grass scythe , two hammers and a handsaw , a peculiar thing called a ` ` twibil '' that jamie said was for cutting mortises , a ` ` drawknife '' -a curved blade with handles at either end , used to smooth and taper wood - two small sharp knives , a hatchet - adze , something that looked like a medieval torture device but was really a nail - header , and a froe for splitting shingles .
at first , jamie had insisted that he or ian must go with me to the farther places , but it was soon apparent that neither of them could be spared ; it was time for the first planting , with ground to break and harrow , corn and barley to be planted , to say nothing of the usual chores required to keep a small farm running .
` ` aye , he 'll have that from his indenture , but it 's the planting season now , mac dubh .
he had then shaved , washed , and gone round to all the plantation owners again , returning each man 's money with thanks and a small payment of interest , leaving us with enough to manage seed corn for planting , an extra mule for plowing , a goat and some pigs .
65 return to fraser 's ridge jocasta was loath to part with her newest relative , but the spring planting was already very late , and the homestead sadly neglected ; we needed to return to the ridge without delay , and brianna would not hear of staying behind .
fergus and some of the tenants had kindly put in a small planting for us , so that while we would have no extra corn this year to sell , at least we would eat .
the plump dame handed me the basket , along with a digging stick for planting .
jamie , having introduced me with ceremony to the tenants present in dining room and parlor , then retired into his study with ian , to receive the tenants singly , to confer with them over the needs of the spring planting , to consult over the sale of wool and grain , to note the activities of the estate , and to set things in order for the next quarter of the year .
someone to oversee matters on the ridge , to mind the planting , tend the harvest , deal with the concerns of tenants when jamie fraser was away or busy .
in two weeks or so , those buds would burst , and it would be time for the spring planting on fraser 's ridge .
and as for the tenants and homesteaders ... if the militia were raised again , the women would be left to do the planting alone .
the planting willna wait .
the spring planting had been accomplished in record time , all the available men spending the hours from dawn to dusk in the fields .
` ` i ' m filthy from the planting .
malva christie would likely have several offers before the spring planting .
perhaps sooner than the spring planting , he thought , and coughed .
aundy asked him questions about his herd of cattle , if he was through with spring planting , and if he thought he would have time to give her another shooting lesson the following week .
they worked most of the morning planting the garden then aundy made sandwiches and took lunch out to nik .
` ` after the spring planting , of course , '' bjorn said , a smile tugging at the comers of that dangerous mouth .
not just the planting , but keeping them going .
i stopped tilling and planting and singing because clara was gone and i did n't see the reason to keep it going .
rachel and his mom had painstakingly planned every detail , putting in long hours planting and weeding .
` ` we sell pumpkins , blueberries , honey , and christmas trees to the public , so sometimes i spend part of my day planting or weeding or watering , or collecting the honey from the hives .
even as a toddler , he could remember watching as she readied it for the spring planting or weeded it with painstaking care during the summer , harvesting the vegetables at the end of a long day .
she 'd never heard that planting babies hurt the woman 's belly , but it was as good an explanation as any for her pain and discomfort .
to bring this point home , the colonist training material is filled with pictures of gaunt colonists who messed up their plantings and ended up a lot thinner ( or worse ) after their planet 's winter .
` ` after the harvest , to get ready for a new planting season , '' tony told her .