and the inn now had huge plantings of bright flowers all along the fence that bordered the street .
drake threaded a path through the maze of plantings , statuary and fountains to a low building tucked out of sight behind a high hedge .
` ` city folk come out seeking country air in the summer , and sometimes the shooting parties get this far , but in spring , with the planting , and city folk keeping to their theatres and operas , not many come out to see us . ''
she stepped across the driveway , onto slate flagstones between lush plantings that bespoke money , around the side of the mansion , and into a back courtyard with a large pool .
at a rough estimate , fully half the woody plantings in the pleasure garden were dead - and another quarter might as well be .
the citadel lay in a gigantic botanical garden , strange trees and even stranger bushes mingled with prosaic plantings , all scattered around as though thrown there by a dancing child .
all was dusk down there , but he knew its shapes and colors : blossoms of copper , gold , red , yellow , rust , and russet spread right out to the rock markers which outlined the extent of the qanat - watered plantings .
the innermost homes with their pain - fenced plantings had been sited by an early bashar in such a way that no one could move through the twisting ground - level channels day or night without being observed .
down below , they could see the white roofs of large buildings , nestled among the planting .
a wrought iron fence sprang from the long central island like a thousand spikes , curving toward the sky as dual - bulbed street lights broke the monotonous pattern ; small purple - leafed plantings hung from the lanterns crossing bar .
the command center itself was mostly underground , but the visible structure was brick , marble and beveled glass , set off by attractive plantings .
all the lots in this subdivision were oversized , big and beautiful , with lush lawns and elaborate plantings .
el korra road was prettier , filled with upscale hotels , lush plantings , lavish fountains , and walled private compounds owned by russian moguls with nothing better to do with their easy money .
the subdivision was old enough that the trees and the foundation plantings were mature but new enough that the whole place still looked smart and well kept .
ford foundation 321 east 42nd street ( through to 43rd street ) considered to be among the city 's finest works of architecture , the offices of this building surround a soaring atrium of lush plantings .
in may , 1997 , the park 's extensive border planting was dedicated as the katharine hepburn garden .
enjoy a moment of tranquility in st . mary 's garden , the church 's lovely courtyard with a statue of st . mary , a bridge over a pond , benches , and lush plantings .
low walls and individual plantings mark the private yards .
greenacre park east 51st street between second and third avenues with its 25 - foot - high waterfall cascading over the rear wall and artfully landscaped trees and plantings , this is truly an oasis of serenity for residents and those who work in the area .
one side of the atrium lobby is a restaurant , surrounded by ficus trees with fairy lights and tropical plantings , somewhat out of place in a nebraska winter but they thrive on the abundant light from the glassed ceiling nine stories above .
from the outside , the mausoleum was a neglected ruin ; on the inside it was a splendid , italianate villa arranged around a central courtyard , with lush plantings and a sparkling fountain .
a median ran down the middle of these two streets , wide enough to support a planting of crepe myrtles .
he looked at his house with the new plantings , he looked at the beach , at the water , which had taken on the cast of pale emeralds broken by a narrow track of beaten gold .
she looked around at the residential neighborhood she was in - nice homes , manicured lawns and plantings , dark windows .
parked in the middle of the plaza , surrounded on two sides by raised planting beds of flowers and on a third side by a flagpole , was a screaming yellow 1968 mustang 390 gt , with the engine running and the exhaust issuing a restrained version of the burbling growl that fans of bullitt know and love so well .
the outside of brulick 's house was as plain as plain could be , siding and trim painted a dusty beige , with no attempt made to soften its bleakness with plantings or yard decoration .
he loves his parks , and his roundabouts all that planting you see every summer , that s his work , his designs he puts his heart and soul into it .
a water spigot stood beside a bucket , and a handful of bright - eyed statuary peered out between the plantings .
pia glanced momentarily at the windowed stories of silderly park as she and hawk strolled along and he pointed out various plantings to her .