i was in the shadows sort of , behind this huge potted plant , when she came back followed by the rest of the band , and the ass**le . ` `
and seeing as i have all those acres , '' he added , ` ` probably can find somewhere to squeeze in a vegetable plant or two . ''
he remembered the day he 'd stumbled on the concept of a factory cleaning the water it used ; returning it to the surrounding watershed in better condition than when it entered the plant .
she spent a few days in the manufacturing plant working with the operations manager , then with the sales manager working in the field , then with the marketing director meeting with the advertising agency .
` ` ortiz wants to give me a tour of the manufacturing plant tomorrow afternoon , then have dinner around six or seven . ''
there was a plant over in the corner , she could drink some of it , then tip the rest into the plant .
` ` sal , the workers in the michigan and richmond plants are up for re - negotiation of their contracts .
` ` what 's the output and profit for each of these plants ? ''
the workers are happy with the benefits they received from us when we took over the plant and it shows in the increased productivity and decreased accidents and mistakes . ''
how do we know that they wo n't build the plant and bring their own people over ?
and they want to put a plant here . ''
james released lucy 's hand , removed a key from under a pot - plant , unlocked a sliding glass door , opened it , lifted the curtain aside and waved lucy into what appeared to be more a guest suite than a casual entertaining area .
they 'd left the key hidden in a pot plant so any one of them could get in at any time .
but compared to what he had felt for his mystery woman , it was the voltage of a double a battery alongside the frenzied energy of a nuclear power plant .
once you have the southville plant constructed and operating , i 'd suggest adding fifty more . ''
we also felt sorry for the plant .
` ` you 'd make a whole lot more if you moved those north america lines to your indonesia plant .
` ` besides , '' i said , reaching to grab the piece of paper , ` ` if you start producing this energy efficient bulb in the american plant in its place , you 'll maintain those jobs and save money with that new tax law .
i reminded him , gesturing again at the plant that would be needing life support shortly .
` ` phone , trashcan , plant , and computer .
back in the 1960s the industrial plants along the delaware river had polluted the river with so many chemicals the shad had stopped swimming north .
but when he arrived at the house and overheard jase talking on the telephone to one of his plant managers in alaska , it sounded too important to interrupt .
he went down the back stairs to show jase what he 'd found under darius 's mattress and what he seen on the internet , hoping jase was finally off the phone with the plant manager .
` ` we need to go back in before they think we 're having sex behind a potted plant . ''
tony guided me gently out of the plants and into my sitting area , pushing me down onto a chair .
so he ordered a few more rounds , quickly dumping his own in the potted plant sitting conveniently there next to him at the end of the bar .
she did a face plant on the bed and burrowed her head into the sumptuous down pillow with a sigh .
there was a desk with a monitor in one corner and a phone opposite , a pair of chairs in front of the desk , a potted plant dominating one corner of the room , and a deep , dark leather couch along one wall .
or i could plan a tour for you at a noble enterprises manufacturing plant . ''
` ` ian is going to take me out to a plant next week to show me around .
or their neighbors on the other side of the palm plant .
the old meatpacking plant is abandoned , deep in a rundown neighborhood in queens .
the manufacturing plant outside of moorcroft was in full swing filling holiday orders .
and despite the fact you 're living with me , you 're in my bed , today you came into my plant and tried to charm the pants off me in front of my employees . ''
it made sky wonder if she was spending too much time at the manufacturing plant and not enough putting a face with her products .
` ` i trust it to india while i ' m running the manufacturing plant outside of moorcroft . ''
` ` i ' m usually at the manufacturing plant in moorcroft . ''
when it became obvious the baby was n't interested in napping , skylar begged off to finish paperwork at the manufacturing plant .
what if they 'd tried to break into the plant ?
i just wanted sky to see how seriously she oughta take the safety issues at the plant .
the plant in cheyenne says they never received the order . ''
i closed the plant for a couple days . ''
the frantic call from india , begging her to drive out to the sky blue manufacturing plant and pick up three boxes of lotion she 'd forgotten to stock .
she turned off the highway and bypassed the sky blue manufacturing plant .
seemed strange to drive past it and through the gate that divided the manufacturing plant are from kade and skylar mckay 's private residence .
` ` come to think of it , skylar told me about this charming little bombshell from sundance who stopped in to the sky blue manufacturing plant and dropped your name . ''
she dropped her gloves by the tomato plant so she 'd remember where to pick up .
kade and skylar opted to hold their shindig at the sky blue plant , along with kane and ginger , and colt and india .
` ` the old olson plant . ''
i ' m at the olson plant in slidell .
they had hazarded guesses of everything from he was really a demon to a daimon plant .
one of these two could very easily be a medb surveillance plant .
i do a cursory glance around the patio , looking for the little ginger - haired husband - stealing bitch hiding behind a plant .
now , though , as i look at ashton 's scowl , you 'd think i told him my dream was to work in a sewage plant .
though i could hear tara thinking she would like to take jb to the deer processing plant and tell the butcher to make him into ground meat , i plunged in .
the damn thing looked like it had been made at a production plant and just pulled from its shipping box .
far upriver , a meatpacking plant must be churning out the refuse .
the meatpacking plant was , in essence , running a shark farm on the side .
since the near annihilation of the cocoa plant , chocolate was considered a rare treasure .
` ` it 's stuffed in a potted plant , where i 'd like it to remain . ''
he finished off his whiskey and dropped the glass in a potted plant .
the piping systems are all buried except one , which runs along the ground to send water to the power plant , near the fence .
the plant provides power to the entire city , using a combination of wind , water , and solar energy .
so after i left school i had rented a crappy studio apartment and had gotten a shit job at the local poultry plant .
thomas jefferson high is on the edge of town , a location normally reserved for insane asylums and industrial plants that leak hazardous waste .
` ` i do , '' i said , taking a very casual stroll around the plant tables .
he just dragged me along , tossing the apple he was carrying in the first plant he saw .
what about her fingerprints , scattered over the plant pot and front door ?
most were macho idiots , and many of them wound up doing a face plant into the floor for their troubles .
laken plants a kiss over marky 's head , and her eyelids tremble as if she were about to cry .
laken plants a heated kiss over my lips and renews my confidence in us with one swipe of her tongue .
i push her behind a giant potted plant .
tad snatches her by the elbow before she has a chance to open a human manufacturing plant right here in landon central .
but i figure if i want to round out the bases with him , we 'll have to start somewhere , and a face plant into the wall of concrete that is his chest is definitely a great place to do just that .
it 's as if a sugar plant exploded and drenched the air with its sickly - sweet affection , and , holy hell , do i ever approve .
i did a face plant in his neck .
i ran it down for him with a little more detail than what i did for lee , the riot , kumar 's prehistoric mother - in - law , the kevster call , kidnapper sighting , pot plants , police and two news vans .
` ` kai - '' ` ` government contracts you got for your munitions plants , dad , probably the feds wo n't be real thril ed to know your guns that are supposed to be in the hands of our boys in uniform are also finding themselves in the hands of not only enemy factions but seven terrorist sects . ''
bridget scanned the room for the viscount , eventually locating him in her customary hiding place behind the potted plants .
cordelia curtsied and stood for an uncertain moment before turning back towards her plant corner .
he was probably sure i was going to face plant if i tried to make a run for it .
ill , she barely made it in time to the potted plant before throwing up the contents of her stomach .
` ` i once walked past a chemical plant that was pumping toxic waste into the river .
anna stepped from behind the potted plant , her face pale .
just for a moment she was speechless as she studied the proud , angular face and dark gold eyes that held the sort of power usually only found at nuclear plants .
i sigh and look back at the plant .
` ` not all the areas of the catacombs have electricity - even though the shade 's power plant would n't even exist without human labor .
the island has its own power plant , farms , factories ... made possible by humans who live on the island . ''
the caldwell galleria mall was a huge , sprawling expanse of stores that was surrounded by a ford motor company production plant 's worth of parking lots .
sneaking around the plant , i pushed open the door to the coffee shop and winced as a bell jangled at the entrance .
` ` has its own fire department , water treatment facility , boiler plants and electrical generators .
they had a plant inside the prison .
but he took stephen 's job at kyle 's solar plant and his wife stood by him - maybe because he was the only one who 'd had a conscience .
` ` this time of day he 's probably still at the plant , '' joe said , and gave levi directions .
he wanted to stay in the same house he 'd been living in for five years , the one he 'd had built near his manufacturing plant .
` ` i can move the storage i have over to the plant . ''
mackenzie stumbles into the living room and face plants on the couch .
` ` so how did the two of you end up on permanent plant duty ? ''
jael moved a plant , as all of these had to be relocated in order to flush and clean the pipes .
two workers - a man and a woman - were doing something to the plants , not close enough to overhear their conversation , though .
like a scuttling crab , he moves backward until he hits a chair and then a potted plant and then a wall of people .
she folded her uniform , stuck it in the trash bag , and stashed the bag just out of sight , behind a potted plant .
` ` my mom 's a teacher and my dad works in the food - processing plant .
it was as if he had been designed and constructed under controlled , sterile conditions in a high - tech manufacturing plant .
` ` i work third shift in a tire - retreading plant and deliver pizza in the evening .
he runs a shift at a tyre repair plant . ''
the big illegal farms often bring in armed guards along with their own crews of migrant workers to tend the plants .
` ` to train plants .
the part of the desert plant below ground was giant and complex , never seen , but networking through the ground in a powerful mesh .
` ` we have a power plant , '' she said .
i know some fellows in town who work at a tire - retreading plant .
` ` destroy the power plants , and everything stops .
on the fourth , the terra plant in ogavia exploded .
it came like an invisible tide , ripping planes out of the sky , dropping monsters onto crowded streets , sucking the power plants dry , and jamming firearms .
` ` that a power plant in canada got struck by lightning . ''
he runs a shift at a tire repair plant . ''
or the last , probably , because production has picked up at the boat plant , and my dad will be taking a lot more shifts in the next few months . ''
cleared of plant rubbish , it was a nice place to sit - or would have been , if the heat had n't been so oppressive .
` ` roger 's cousin says he may be able to get him on at the backhoe plant . ''
the backhoe plant , or for that matter any factory in the united states , would require three things of its employees that roger did not have and could not get : a clean drug test , references , and the ability to drag his ass into work more than two days in a row .
or she would have stayed with him long enough to figure out he really was n't getting hired on at the backhoe plant , and she would get a ride back to heaven beach to mooch off me .
i ' m glowing like a nuclear power plant right before the accident .
i had no desire to wander through the industrial wasteland to the ford plant .
they stayed back far enough that mcgee could n't see them , then fell back even farther when the man made a sharp left on oak tree road and pulled up in front of an abandoned meat - packing plant .
it took only minutes to follow her scent to the deserted meat - packing plant on oak tree road .
the big manufacturing plant in town closed down about six years back . ` `
married to ralph , her high school sweetheart , who worked at one of the chicken processing plants , charlsie had a girl in the eleventh grade and a married daughter .
i passed the lumber processing plant that was bon temps 's main employer , and i passed a reupholstering place , and i flew past the water department .
so he worked at norcross , the lumber processing plant .
calvin got huge respect out in the plant from his crew .
the whole area outside the parking lot was covered with kudzu , like it had been carpeted in the plant .
when perdita had retired , she 'd sold the business to charlsie tooten 's husband , ralph , who 'd quit his job at the chicken processing plant to take over .
it 's not much , but it 's what i could afford from the money i saved working over the past few summers in a fish processing plant .
pivot , trip , face plant .
i never liked the medal plant , and i like this jersey thing even less .
` ` when we 're looking at records , too much data usually signals a plant .
i guessed they comprised an old manufacturing plant .
i spun , forgetting about the plant , to see who or what was there .
he released my hand and grabbed my briefcase , taking over and tossing it behind a giant potted plant .
he threw my briefcase behind a plant .
as i waited for the elevator , she retrieved her briefcase from behind the plant .
nash was waiting beside the plane when i pushed my way back through the plants .
the knocking just would n't stop , and it was beginning to give me a headache , so i rushed a little faster toward the door , tripping over the striped rug and almost doing a face plant into the sofa .
toward the back , bundles of papers were stacked everywhere , giving the environment the look of a recycling plant doing a very poor job .
` ` hey , '' came a whispered , urgent voice from the corner behind a banana plant .
damien gave another tug at her drink , managed to take it , and dumped it into a potted plant next to the couch .
nothing was going to ruin my night , certainly not a face plant down the stairs .
and the bitch about it was he did n't even know what he had done to brett , his boss , to be inflicted with the painful punishment of inspecting the plant here in cuttersville , home of nothing .
about half of cuttersville 's fifteen hundred adults worked in the plant , which manufactured two - liter bottles and other plastic items .
folks are afraid he 's here to inspect the plant , maybe shut it down . ''
whatever shelby felt about the changes samson plastics had wrought on cuttersville , she knew it would be a disaster if the plant closed .
so when gran said , ` ` if he 's here to close the plant , nobody can stop him , '' shelby figured she had the right of it .
boston tried to concentrate on bob and phil , the plant managers for the cuttersville division of samson plastics , but all he could do was stare out the window at shelby tucker getting mauled by some big brute of a guy wearing a sweat - stained gray t - shirt with the sleeves torn off .
at his tour through the plant that morning , he had decided to treat it as an inspection , since his duties had not been defined to him by brett .
he would see if the plant was running efficiently , then report back to his boss .
bob said , ` ` you know , our numbers at the plant are really good .
they thought he was here to check up on the plant and , maybe specifically , to check up on them .
boston was impressed with the samson plastics plant .
sure , there was a bit of a twang in the voices of the employees , but their t - shirts and jeans looked the same as any of the workers in the chicago plant , and there was the same level of separation between management and workers on the line .
bob seemed a little more willing to speak frankly , so after milling around the plant introducing himself , studying some output reports , and checking out the makeshift office the guys had created for him in a storage closet , he sought out bob .
` ` i ' m not here to close the factory , shelby , even though it does have slightly lower productivity than some of the other plants . ''
but now he was distracted , his mind shifting away from work the minute he walked out of that plant .
he was actually enjoying himself at the plant , and once he had approached bob and phil as a peer instead of an evil overseer , communication had opened up between them and they 'd been receptive to some of his suggestions .
after two and a half weeks , cuttersville was definitely tolerable , with the goal of trying to run the samson plastics plant at top efficiency challenging and interesting .
that was about as likely as someone swinging by a nuclear power plant just for kicks .
all his revenue generating , increased plant efficiency , and years of dedicated loyal round - the - clock service to samson plastics would mean nothing if brett thought he was bouncing his only daughter .
` ` i wanted to check on the cuttersville plant for myself , '' brett said with enough credible nonchalance to make boston appreciate how he 'd catapulted himself to the top of the plastics industry .
the plant here is well run , and i ' m superfluous . ''
she wondered if he 'd been yanked right off the course mid - hole and brought to the cuttersville plant .
cameron had strolled into middle school , fresh from the big city , his father transferred to the samson plastics plant in cuttersville from new jersey , a bridge ride from manhattan .
except maybe at the plastics plant .
i extract the hairspray from a cluster of cans behind my pot plant .
from his third - floor tiny office in the alaska peninsula power plant , he could overlook bristol bay in the distance , imagining it feeding into the bering sea .
he had n't even been able to save enough money to get back home ... until brett had approached him about pulling some private security hours over at the alaska peninsula power plant .
* * * brett thumbed the earbud in more securely as he slid from the driver 's side of his suv , outside the power plant .
it was almost too easy to play off their fanatical leanings , too easy to mislead and use , to let them think this was only about blowing up a power plant .
let the activists blow up this power plant two days from now to make their statement .
while alaska was reeling from the explosion of a major power plant , struggling to heat homes , he would smuggle in his largest group of people yet - terrorists making their way into the u.s . across the russian border .
donna was allowed to assume they had an in with the station because of the power plant being a high - value target for attack .
a lot of people in alaska live off - the - grid because it 's just too far or too expensive to hook into a power plant .
the power plant explosion would go off on schedule - and his most high value terrorist yet would slip into the u.s . with enough of a payoff for him to slip the other way , right out of the country and into a life of luxury , tucked away in europe .
wade knelt in front of the fireplace , their only source of heat right now since the local power plant seemed to be on be the fritz .
he still had to go over to the plant , but since he would be working late , he wanted to stop by home first .
early tomorrow , the power plant explosion would rock alaska .
nothing new about the deputy , other than that he was from oklahoma , deeply in debt , and moonlighting as a security guard at a power plant .
she forwarded documents and correspondence that suggest her husband plans to blow up a power plant .
he would simply tell his wife he 'd been at the plant late and did n't want to wake her once he got home , pretty much the truth .
but you need to know someone in your community is helping him blow up a power plant ...
` ` okay , i ' m not supposed to tell you this , but i ' ve been working with local authorities to uncover a plot at the plant . ''
however much she 'd learned of his plans beyond the power plant , she 'd figured out enough to put him in jail .
once he picked up his stash of cash and thumb drives of data tucked away at the power plant , he would be on a private aircraft out of here in three .
they were now racing against time to stop an attack on a major power plant on the alaska peninsula .
apparently people in her community , people she 'd known and trusted , wanted to blow up a power plant and were hours away from making that happen .
we 'll be rolling out right into the parking lot of the power plant .
they had arrived at the alaska peninsula power plant .
* * * binoculars in hand , wade crouched on the rooftop of the outbuilding skirting the power plant .
the power plant and grounds around it had been evacuated .
the fbi had decided the event was far enough away from the plant to continue safely , and too large to stop without creating a stampede .
` ` that 's not what i meant , '' he said dryly , without missing a beat on his scan of the bay on the opposite side of the power plant .
sunny hooked arms with her sister and watched the power plant in the distance , the metal structure nearly swallowed by morning mist .
the rest of the plant workers were still behind the fence , about fifty yards farther than where they 'd been since the initial evacuation .
` ` there 's a power plant about to be blown up by some wacko ecoterrorists who lived right under your nose for the whole planning of their crime .
finally , she caught a glimpse of a familiar figure outside the power plant gates .
all the information they 'd gathered and put together with intel pointed to the power plant , but maybe someone on the inside knew there had been a leak , because this group sure as hell appeared to carry off their plan with adjustments to work around the police and military forces in place .
the wind carried the scent of the sea as she circled past a line of three boats on trailers with the power plant logo stamped along the side .
as he shot to his feet , charging toward the metal stairs wrapped around the outside , he swept his binoculars around the power plant , praying he would find her ...
the hull chopped through the waves , farther from the power plant until it was just a speck .
now that i ' ve picked up some important data from the plant '' -he toe - tapped a slim briefcase under his seat- '' i can fly out of here .
` ` how do you intend to get rich off bombing power plants ? ''
out the open side hatch , his other four team members stood on the concrete landing pad by the power plant .
and the power plant had been declared clear .
and there was just something scary about going into the power plant , even if it had just been given the all clear .
the adrenaline now hummed through his veins like a nuclear power plant .
` ` in his defense , the coordinates were off so it was n't his fault he landed in the sewage plant . ''
she 'd been pruning her oregano plant when she 'd heard about j.t .
` ` remember the time you painted your face , and decked out in cammo to see if you could break into the savannah river site plant ? ''
what had happened to the scrawny girl who followed him into a nuclear plant , jotting notes for a school newspaper expose ?
` ` what exactly do you do out there at the plant ? ''
but we ran repetition tests at the plant before the part was installed .
of course , there was literally no place to park that was within range of the house , so we ended up parking in the lot by the old steam plant that still churned out disgusting air that you always smelled when you were on campus and within wind range .
his interactions fire with restrained energy , like he 's a nuclear power plant being used to light a single bulb .
at first all i could make out was the plant wrapped around us .
asked maia , gesturing to a row of chairs near a tall , potted plant with her neatly gloved hand .
sherman tripped over a potted plant just inside the front door , falling on his rear end .
he 'd already had to make a belt out of the plant rope just to keep them up .
there was a protected cove not five minutes from the pot plants , and the beach held evidence of old campfires .
first , jonathan goes around and gets as near the pot plants as he can to get eyes on the dealers .
he swam freestyle , confident that he could get to the boat before they moved from wherever they were near the pot plants .
they were looking all around the pot plant area , including the place where we had come in and trampled all the plants down .
i grab my purse that was hiding behind a plant and storm out of the apartment .
once we realized what they were really doing , we put a plant inside the facility .
and my mom , she 's an engineer at the car plant in- '' ` ` maybe she does n't know . ''
trying to avoid a face - plant in the grass , i got my legs underneath me and braced for the impact .
the music disguised the rustling of the plant as i slid from behind it .
or at least , like the rug had been pulled out from under me and i 'd done a cosmically awful face plant .
the next thing i knew , i was back on the ground under the tree with what felt like the aftershocks of a face plant into a wall , echoing across my chest .
it got two steps and then went down - face plant style .
bummer for the orc because its face plant at that particular spot put it partially into the fire .
` ` lissa says that those controllers even convinced that young surnathan 's mother to shoot one of those things into his neck and then ordered him to kill all those workers at the electronics plant . ''
edward and i were now discussing a gishi fruit ice - cream plant to be placed on part of eaststar 's property , using the slightly blemished fruit that could n't be shipped with the rest of the crop .
edward walked into our temporary ice - cream plant .
he , lendill , teeg and astralan had come to get me from the ice - cream plant .
it worked out very well and we got the new plant open quickly .
` ` i was going to ask jayd for funds to build a plant here when the debts were paid .
kevis took up my mornings , at least two or three clicks , followed by lunch , a click or so in the ice - cream plant , mostly to make sure things were going smoothly and the employees were doing what they should , and then it was off to the newly - acquired groves .
` ` but we 're going to check the expansion on the ice - cream plant , i ' m taking you to adrixx to eat and shop and then we 'll come back here and nap or swim . ''
` ` now , for the electronics plant . ''
` ` he 's in lower - level management at one of schuul enterprises ' many small electronics plants .
perhaps we can do that with rejections from electronic plants and such as well . ''
the villagers the high commander relocated spend most of their days pumping water for the plants . ''
i had no idea what in the hell the plant pussy was still doing here .
i made my way around the side of the house to the small potted plant that held the ugliest plant i 'd ever seen .
he was part owner of a prosperous fabrication plant just outside town .
a rough job it had been , a tough undertaking - the toughest , digging the tunnels that carried the miles of cable from the turbines of the hydroelectric plants .
` ` to be a plant inspector , i mean . ''
` ` but the advertisement i replied to was for plant inspector , and that 's the position i ' m applying for . ''
` ` would you care to explain to me exactly which aspects of plant inspection require a penis ? ''
` ` the legalities- '' ` ` i ' m well up on the regulations pertaining to hydroelectric plants , '' she said firmly , and reaching into her bag , produced the printed booklet of regulations - obviously well thumbed - supplied by the highlands and islands development board .
in the consternation that had followed this episode - the discovery that jem had been taken by rob cameron , one of brianna 's fellow employees at the hydroelectric plant , and presumably taken through the stones into the past - there had been no time to recall mandy 's remark about jem being back in her head , let alone to make further inquiries .
fortunately for matt , his dad found work at another local plant .
` ` and this guy said the plant called in the night before ?
two kathleen the whalechasers museum had been housed in the old processing plant , a few hundred yards from the silver bay hotel , since commercial whaling was abandoned off port stephens in the early 1960s .
i reckon it could only have made it easier for those whalechasers if it had harpooned itself and swum to the processing plant .
one by one the whaling operations closed , the processing plants shut down or converted to seafood processing .
my father , who had loved the romanticism of early whaling , back when it was about man versus whale rather than whale versus penthrite - charge grenade , bought silver bay 's own whale - processing plant , and turned it into the museum .
' it 's a ruddy hotel , mike , not a nuclear - waste plant . '
it grew , my parents became more ambitious , and decided to open a second plant about an hour away .
breakfast to the two old dudes just off shift from the electrical plant , endless cups of coffee to the two guys who came in earlier to study for some crazy test they have coming up in less than six hours .
i ' m walking along a pathway that leads past the scandalous front porch - just the sight of which brings a smug grin to my face - around a small pond , and through a landscaped grove of trees when i nearly trip over my own two feet and face - plant onto the perfectly manicured lawn .
he needed to be at work for the evening shift at the plant soon .
across the globe , nuclear plants melted down , automated factories hit a snag and burned , and two more nuclear strikes came .
west helia smells of diesel and hard sulphur , an industrial district , made up of vast factory complexes and chemical processing plants , its skyline crowded with belching chimneystacks and burning waste funnels .
nuclear power plants everywhere are melting down .
do you know how many nuclear power plants there are scattered across the world ?
especially here in the united statesthink of some of the unsound engineering and contingency plans that we have for the event of a natural disaster disrupting a plant .
on the bright side , do you know how many nuclear power plants there are in arizona ?
a series of natural disasters rocked the world , many nuclear power plants did indeed meltdown , and the earth beneath us constantly shook .
the destruction of more than three quarters of the nuclear power plants worldwide , and an associated war for fossil fuel has created continual problems .
for lack of a better term , we ve developed bioengineered cyborg plants that we ve secretly been able to test plant in various areas of arizona , with the help of the cowboys .
for lack of a better term , we ve developed bioengineered cyborg plants that we ve secretly been able to test plant in various areas of arizona , with the help of the cowboys .
the wetware still experiences damage from the radiation , and the artificial intelligence units still experience suffering , but they are unable to override their programming that forces them to keep running the plants , she said .
andy took over again.allowing the government to keep the nuclear plants running is causing several problemsthe plants are still leaking radiation and other waste , polluting the environments around them , effectively creating hundreds of new chernobyls .
andy took over again.allowing the government to keep the nuclear plants running is causing several problemsthe plants are still leaking radiation and other waste , polluting the environments around them , effectively creating hundreds of new chernobyls .
the real problem is that the government is still keeping the damaged and leaking plants open , and even if they shut those down and built newer , safer plants , its still not a good idea .
the real problem is that the government is still keeping the damaged and leaking plants open , and even if they shut those down and built newer , safer plants , its still not a good idea .
i m not the most sensitive of people , but even my stomach turns at the thought of so many sentient creatures being subjected to that kind of torture , day in and day out in the nuclear plants , maria said , her fists clenching until i could see her fingernails digging into her palms .
we ca nt gain remote access to enough of the cyborgs wetware interfaces to make a difference , and invading the plants directly is too risky physically to our allies , he said .
i could set the cyborgs free and shut down the nuclear power plants , compelling the government to finally stop destroying our country , and forcing them to adopt ecologically sound energy sources .
there s tons of rival gangs , food shortages , residual radiation sickness from the plant leaksno law and order of any sort .
its not as robust an ability as , say , a plant or even one of our cyborg plants .
he s one of the few that we were able to rescue from the nuclear plants that has actually survived long term .
in rolandos case , it seems that we corrupted something in breaking the original directive that made him stay at the plant .
he launched into a description of the demographic of the cyborgs at the various nuclear power plants scattered across the damaged facilities in the united states .
they were nt really a problem , as there were too few of them , and they were nt sophisticated enough on their own to keep the plants up and running .
once that happens there will be an almost immediate shutdown of the plants .
soif i manage to fix you , then we physically go to one of the power plants and attempt to break into the system from there ?
he just ca nt ever get close to one of those nuclear plants again until we do something about that coercion program , or shut down all the plants to begin with .
he just ca nt ever get close to one of those nuclear plants again until we do something about that coercion program , or shut down all the plants to begin with .
i m going to need rolandos help here on the logistics , but we could disrupt the coercion signals themselvesthe code being broadcast in the plants giving instructions to the cyborgs .
if we destroy , or even just pause that , we could evacuate the cyborgs and get them far enough away from the plant that they ca nt be pulled back into the influence of the coercion signals , i said .
and like you said , once we free the cyborgs , they will be forced to shut the plants down , and well have time to implement the other part of the plan that will liberate our country from the use of harmful energy sources , and bring some communities out of two decades of darkness and poverty .
disrupting the individual coercion broadcasts at each plant is going to be difficult .
each plant broadcasts its own set of instructions to the cyborgs on an individual server that s sandboxed from the other plants , for this very reasonso that someone like us could nt hack in and take over an army of cyborgs to do our bidding , he said .
each plant broadcasts its own set of instructions to the cyborgs on an individual server that s sandboxed from the other plants , for this very reasonso that someone like us could nt hack in and take over an army of cyborgs to do our bidding , he said .
so , what you re saying is that i d have to manufacture a virus , and it would have to be hand - delivered to each of the plants ?
all of the power plants must go down at the same time for this to work , he said in his even , methodical voice .
and we ca nt simply walk up to one of the plants , knock on the door , and ask if we can come inside and take a peek at their coercion system , i said .
while we were sequestered in various quarters of the lab , takeshi , jane , and the rest of the cowboys were holding their own meetingsexamining schematics of more than two hundred nuclear power plants scattered around the country , coming up with tactical divisions , doing field reconnaissance , and running practice drills .
it made the enslavement of the cyborgs at the nuclear plants even more heinous , and hardened my resolve to do whatever i could to free them from their captivity .
we talked and laughed at the table , passing around food and talking about things that had nothing to do with computer viruses , enslaved cyborgs , or nuclear power plants .
if everything went as planned , once our virus infiltrated the system , it would change and mutate to fight any security measures that malcolm might have thrown up in the various plants .
once andy had demonstrated his findings , and the rest of us completed as many computational models as we could , testing different configurations of how the virus might react to different responses from the plants coercion system and security measures , we began arguing about how to best go about the massive tactical process of actually delivering the virus to the hundreds of nuclear power plants simultaneously .
once andy had demonstrated his findings , and the rest of us completed as many computational models as we could , testing different configurations of how the virus might react to different responses from the plants coercion system and security measures , we began arguing about how to best go about the massive tactical process of actually delivering the virus to the hundreds of nuclear power plants simultaneously .
in theory , even if he detected the virus in time , the virus itself was so quick that our blitzkrieg style attack of all the facilities simultaneously would only allow him to directly work on the security for one of the plants at a time .
if us hackers actually go with one of the teams and infiltrate one of the plants directly , we have a much better chance of monitoring what the virus is actually doing , and tracking down malcolm if he happens to rear his ugly head .
this operation is so big , its going to take nearly our entire force , divided up into smaller squadrons to cover all the plants in question .
i will be in the field coordinating operations directly in the plants from one of the regions most densely packed with them , she said , and i saw a quick , but deep cringe cross rolandos face .
that alone will be a huge advantage , far greater than trying to hack directly into a plants mainframe and fighting him on his own territory .
because of the radiation situation , there s no way that he s lurking somewhere on the premises of one of the plants .
just getting to the plants safely is going to be a bit of a challengeunfortunately , at least for the sake of this mission , most of the nuclear plants are on the east coast , and in the midwest .
just getting to the plants safely is going to be a bit of a challengeunfortunately , at least for the sake of this mission , most of the nuclear plants are on the east coast , and in the midwest .
there are tons of rebel homesteads , more witnesses of mercy , government outposts , and other terrorist organizations between us and many of those plants .
are nt some of those plants so bad that the entire county around them are contaminated ?
since the plants are so toxic , they re actually not well guardednot many people are going to want to get in there and do much of anything .
i found myself wishing that we had more time to test the virus , but it was as good as it was going to get without any sort of live test , and for reasons we d already discussed , a live test at one of the plants was nt a possibility .
the syringes themselves were roughly the size and shape of a human forearm , and equipped with an auto injector so that all the cowboy wielding it needed to do was remove the safety cap and plunge it into the first nuclear plant cyborg they encountered .
chapter 35 : moving out it seemed like a horribly long five days to wait , even though we kept ourselves busy with hacking tasksdoing as much as we could to monitor the plants peripherally and keeping our eyes peeled for signs of malcolm , in case he had somehow gotten wind of our planned attacks on the nuclear facilities .
mc was drafted to help with this duty , and the rest of us manned the keyboards , doing what we could to monitor activity at the plants peripherally , ready and waiting to track down any evidence of malcolm intervening with the virus delivery .
all of our mechanohorses were engaged in the battle , or out in the field with the rest of the cowboys at the nuclear plants .
we had anticipated only having to deal directly with one plant being defended by malcolm at a time , where we could try to track him and block his network attacks from the outside .
but instead we had found hundred of malcolms lurking behind the servers at each plant .
the last time i had checked , before leaving to track down malcolm in person , the virus was still alive in all of the operating systems of the power plants , but the malcolm clones were keeping them from delivering their final blow to the coercion system .
we had all assumed that malcolm himself was keeping those clones going , and if we destroyed him , we d destroy the clones , and the viruses that the cowboys had risked their lives to deliver would be free to rampage through the power plants .
there have been some injuries in the field , out at the plants , some reports of radiation sickness , but overall we have been very fortunate .
you know , with the power plants all shut down , i think we might be able to take a trip to the ocean .
the turbolift stopped at the engineering and physical plant level .
they had welcomed the quarians back to their home plant of rannoch enthusiastically , and become a vital part of the allied forces in the war against the reapers .
after hacketts armada had lost the ability to control its movements , the intelligent device had extended bracing arms from the upper portions of its massive power plant .
its power plant was quiescent , the eezo rods that held the array of diffraction plates were muted , faint .
liara had caught up with him and summoned a weak barrier field as they ran wildly towards the crucibles power plant together .
justhave toget there shepard was the first to reach what she identified through the pandemonium as an interface panel on the massive crucibles power plant coupling .
one by one , her companions arrived under the immense power plant of the crucible alongside her .
turning slowly in the rushing wind , she was the last to cast her eyes on the memory shard as it was held weightlessly in the thrall of the energy beam coming from the crucibles power plant .
each one of them cowered by the crucibles power plant as the structure beneath their feet took a mighty heave .
a sudden , ferocious pulse of energy was released from one of the auxiliary power cells contained within the crucibles power plant .
within the nanoseconds preceding the harbingers pillar of crimson death , the central core of the crucibles power plant coursed with the liquid plasma it had never before tasted .
coats sheltered miranda as best he could against the metal of the crucibles power plant as jack , javik and liara huddled together .
her breath came in raspsshe could see the faint outline of the entrance door across the central chamber then , with the low , sickening sound of grinding metal and rending beams , the distant , shattered atrium roof of citadel tower came crashing towards them under the weight of the crucibles dislodged power plant .
the vehicle pulled into the plant entrance and parked near the dock .
without saying a word , he began walking toward the plant .
one of them grabbed the handle and pushed the flatbed cart along the plant floor .
they continued to an opening in the plant wall that apparently was a freight elevator .
its over fifty miles to the plant , an unidentified voice spoke out of the crowd .
samara could see and smell the processing plant , a mile or so parallel to the side of the truck .
the air breaks hissed and the truck began to slow its pace as they moved slowly closer to the unloading docks in the rear of the plant .
the truck moved slowly as it reversed into the plant through a large door in the side .
slow and steady samara surmised the floor of the pit was rising to meet the level of the plant floor .
he did not know the circumstances of why aquarius was even here at the meat packing plant but he knew he was in trouble .
he was one of the meat packing plant employees .
as he walked , another employee was exiting her car and rushing down the driveway towards the plant .
the woman turned and jogged down the driveway towards the plant to samaras relief .
the car sped down the road , putting miles between them and the meat packing plant .
if they re caught they are sent to the rendering plant automatically .
all meat brought to the plant is alive and in good condition .
damaged goods and weeds go to the pet food plant .
this houser must get paid pretty good back at the plant .
aquarius knew the plant would not take dead , contaminated or desecrated live bodies .
it would nt be worth their time to take him across state to the rendering plant .
aquarius was well aware that samara had been captured once before and had been taken to the meat packing plant .
after three days of avoiding the authorities and the packing plant they finally found their way back to the place where their ordeal began .
at least rus had succeeded with the electrolysis plant : his own attempts to persuade the two atmospheric reprocessors to allow the air to flow again had been singularly unsuccessful .
he sold the company a year later for a substantial profit , the new owners had been the largest light bulb manufacturer in the united states , they simply closed the plant .
a black sedan slowly rolled down the street , and its headlights lit up the dark road ; the vehicle stopped at the curb a few hundred yards away from etna toys plant and warehouse .
within the dark etna toys plant and warehouse and among boxes of discarded toys and debris , a cot had been set up ; a lamp on a round end table stood beside it and lit up the area in a dim glow .
i franticly search the plant for an escape as the un - men split up , and one of them walks through a side entrance .
her pants and shoes ( those she had on when she awoke in etna toys plant and warehouse ) were worn and dirty .
for the moment , it had n't found her again , and she knew that because the un - man would have triggered her bio - mecha warning like the un - men had done when they first entered etna toys plant and warehouse .
chapter nine the un - men arrive corporations had to develop alternatives for those addicted to nicotine since tobacco plants were nearly wiped out the first few months after the dry clouds appeared .
i do n't know , and i tell her , about a year ago , i awoke in the abandoned etna toys plant and warehouse with no memory .
that woman mentioned etna toys plant and warehouse .
chapter twenty - two etna toys plant and warehouse 11:59 a.m ... hellenistic sector , industrial vicinage ... ding ... ding ... ding ...
ding ... ding ... ding ... a black cat scurried down the deserted street in front of etna toys plant and warehouse .
i found nothing after searching the warehouse and plant for more than three hours ; of all places , why did the council put me here to start the tests ?
chapter twenty - four the music box minutes earlier ... kim pulled her car into the overgrown back parking lot of etna toys plant and warehouse .
the rogue made its way to one of the factory 's vans parked at the curb in front of etna toys plant and warehouse .
according to saara , the toralii quite favour boarding enemy ships and destroying them from the inside outi want double guards on our power plants and missile tubes .
corridor twenty two , near power plant one tfr beijing orbit of earth the next morning liao checked off items from her checklist , taking a full tour of the ship as the crew went about their daily tasks .
a full inspection of the ships power plants occupied her attention for a time , although her mind wandered as she spoke to the engineers in charge of the reactor .
there was some delay bringing all their power plants up to battle power , however , so the beijing was the last piece of the puzzle to be set .
water from deep bore wells entered base two , the water treatment plant , to be filtered and sanitised .
' well , i do a lot of team building exercises , try other disciplines like plant maintenance , computer servicing , freighter loading , working with other supervisors .
there was an announcement that the power station , didcot - a , which has been switched off for the past year or so , is being demolished to make way for a new power plant .
no news on what the new plant will be .
sunday , december 7th to saturday , december 13th 2014 more politics all week , i ended up glad to do a story on the list of proposals for the new power plant to be built on the site of didcot - a that was knocked down a while ago .
its a mix of renewable proposals , another big coal plant , though why build one of those when you just knocked one down , and a plan for a nuclear plant .
its a mix of renewable proposals , another big coal plant , though why build one of those when you just knocked one down , and a plan for a nuclear plant .
i ca nt see the nuclear plant getting anywhere , not so close to oxford , and not to mention , it would have to use the thames for its water supply .
anyone doing the research knows that nuclear plants do nt cause radiation unless something goes wrong , but the idea of using thames water , and then the thames heading off into london , yeah i doubt it ll happen , no matter how safe it is .
kridentzs eyes went wide as michael , who had turned his back on the old man for privacy , began to pull wires , shiny processor plates , mini - cameras , microphones , and other devices one never saw outside of a government manufacturing plant , out of his clothes .
it was completely intact when we found it , with a power plant serviced by a waterfall and everything .
you can see the plant right up there .
one was gerald kepplinger , a drowsy - looking man who oversaw the staff running the power plant .
another was joe bigg , a well - groomed man with dark features who oversaw the water purification and distribution plant and was the only person in town who wore hair gel ( it was homemade ) .
eli and ian sometimes took a few girls from town to go swimming in the lake beneath the power plant .
as for right now , if i were youhe looked southeast , toward where the power plant loomed over the towntheres a nice little lake in the very back of the canyon , beneath the waterfalls .
fossil fuels had long run out and massive recycling plants were dotted all over the planet , producing fuel for equally massive power stations .
it had its oil fields , industry , meat packing plants , farms , cities , beaches , businesses , politicians , army , navy , police and citizens .
just a remote programmer put in the hydroelectric plant 's mainframe and it was done .
getting into the hydroelectric plant provided a challenge , but it was not as guarded as , say , the mircopact hq .
it was one of the bigger auto plants in its heyday , and after that it was used to pump out robots , first the judicial models , then prosecutors like me ; it spent a few years out of commission while trial lawyers lobbied to keep at least the defensive side open to human litigants , then screamed back into production for policing robots before the police unions lobbied to keep those jobs for humans , too .
click here to view more about beretta chapter nine the un - men arrive corporations had to develop alternatives for those addicted to nicotine since tobacco plants were nearly wiped out the first few months after the dry clouds appeared .
click here to view more about the knife chapter twenty - two etna toys plant and warehouse 11:59 a.m ... hellenistic sector , industrial vicinage ... ding ... ding ... ding ...
` ` we might be able to jumpstart the plant feeding with some of the bi - products from the desalination pumps , we can isolate useful ocean minerals .
sarah also cherished her old wooden shed with no windows for sentimental reasons and spent long hours there checking on the drying plant racks , mixing up tinctures and preparing concretes .
contaminants had entered his physical plant , wearing out his moving parts .
i used to work at the power plant .
what sort of robot worked at a power plant , anyway ?
jimmy gave a running commentary on building materials , electrical hookups , power plants , curing times for cement and caulks plus a whole slew of other technical information .
the massive cooling towers of a nuclear power plant hulked near the horizon , like structures dropped to earth from some alien planet .
the customary steam cloud was gone from above the structures , but legions of steel electrical towers still marched away from the plant , bearing their power lines .
he d released them in small flocks so that they would range freely , as far as their solar charged power plants would take them , restoring bird song to an increasingly silent earth .
as a result , i was destined for a factory job making auto parts down at the plant where my dad had worked for thirty - five years .
although the haze of ohio coal - burning plants often veiled the sky , on clear , cool nights the fuzzy lights of charlotte were visible 150 miles to the southeast .
big outages can lead to cascading failures as power re - routes to other parts of the system , including back to the power plants .
some just started work at the power plant , water treatment works , hospital , fire station .
there is a lack of any external propulsion system , power plant , intake , or exhaust for either propeller or jet propulsion .
underneath the power plant , a ball - turret is discovered , approximately ten feet in diameter .
on the deck of the power room , there is what resembles typewriter keys which possibly control the reactor power plant .
we are using a number of civilian scientists and engineers to examine the recovered craft , power plant , and other materials .
the lack of any external propulsion system , power plant , intake , or exhaust , either for propeller or jet propulsion , warrants this view .
the sections within chapter 1 describe flying disk construction , power plants , and propulsion systems .
the power plant section describes the design of generators which accomplish strain free molecular translation and includes design criteria for a simple generator and control system .
they do mine minerals in remote areas of the planet and they have a large industrial plant in the southern portion of the planet near a body of water .
our team determined this plant had some sort of hydro - electrical operation .
seeing this , the ebens built a large plant that processed water for our team .
when we visited their manufacturing plant , we were amazed at how efficient they were with manufacturing furniture , their helicopters or flying devices .
we still have n't seen their main spacecraft manufacturing plant .
he explained that port town had water desalination plants and water was available there in quantity as desalinated sea water .
she was a fusion engineer , not a biologist , so her interest was in the drive and its power plant .
now his remains would be taken to the processing plant , there they would be rendered into food for other hungry creatures .
todd and his uncle traveled the united states working for power company contractors , building power plants .
the transition the renovation todd had been working on was nearing a completion , todd had received a call from a major contractor , they wanted him to travel to ga . to a power plant there and perform his duty as a pipefitter .
todd and kathy sat on the bench watching libby as she played on the different rides at the park talking about his next adventure out of town on another power plant , kathy only waited for libby to grow up so she could go with todd on the road .
they dumped their nuclear power plants , their nuclear waste , their gold and jewels in the pits too .
organized in 1970 , it housed mostly employees from the nearby chernobyl nuclear power plant .
26 , 1986 1:23am ( russian time ) on apr.26 , 1986 , at 1:23am russian time , chernobyl nuclear power plants reactor four exploded , dispersing large quantities of radiation into the sky .
shell have chernobyl nuclear power plant to enhance her powers .
the further they are away from the plant , the better the chance we have of defeating them !
they do nt want any more people settling until they get the plant updated to 2004 safety standards .
zoeys group arrived the day the plant was brought up to standard .
ed : let me explain how i updated the power plant .
the plant still had the rods and nuclear reactors from 1986 incident and we reinforced them to comply with 2004 safety standards .
ed : now that the plant is up to date , i can help you train the people in town on the computers .
the power plant is up to 2004 safety standards .
we do nt use fossil fuels here , genesys has its own wave - energy plant , just a few hundred metres out to sea , plus solar panels .
genesys was the wealthiest corporation on the planet , easily able to afford renewable energy plants at all its sites .
they go down every day by the thousands , shuttles filled with people , just a daily routine , going to work in the farms , plants , and warehouses , but there s a big difference between those thousands and us soldiers .
they take underground tunnels from the dome to their daily workplace , to their farms or warehouses or plants .
according to the map there was a power plant in shin toyosu , so that would be the most likely candidate for the explosion i saw .
tomorrow i could go check the power plant in toyosu , then go to airi 's friend 's building nearby to see if she had gone there .
it was on the same street as the cloud - obscured power plant and bridge a half mile away .
i picked the most crowded car , which held only five people , still pretending i wasn'tafraid , and sat down next to a yellow - suited person , covered in face mask and gloves like a radiation plant worker from thirty years ago .
all nuclear plants have been retro - fitted with automatic shut - down capabilities ; if it comes to nuclear war the last thing we need is an additional few hundred three - mile - islands out there .
but for now the power generation plants have to keep producing , things being as bad as they are .
should the worst occur , we have our automatic shutdown systems at all nuclear power plants on standby , and this can be accomplished at a moments notice thus avoiding potential multiple nuclear catastrophes .
this looks like the concretebut thenthis is an ethane processing plant , said stowik , half statement , half question .
the professor watched over the intervening years as first , coal - fired power plants , and then the nuclear plants were decommissioned one by one all over the world .
the professor watched over the intervening years as first , coal - fired power plants , and then the nuclear plants were decommissioned one by one all over the world .
the kirch came into existence from the klarn that xeres forced to work in their plant .
we are to record the plant when powered during a magnetic storm and retrieve a control unit .
the corporation is bribing us to spy on a production plant .
it must be a leftover from when xeres corporation had their plants operating .
she opens the door a crack , peaks at the complex , and sees a dimly lit vast processing plant .
the plant is operating with huge machinery running and klarn operating the process in the dim lighting .
i carried her into the complexs entry then with everyone watching katree , i slipped into the plant .
i also watched the processing in the klarn plant .
you have my recording of the klarn plant .
since you and your people can not enter the plant , how do you plan to verify the data ?
it all proves that the klarns production plant is not disabled or breached .
the trader and witness were both in the production plant for hours .
the right questions while being scanned will provide information on the process and help to infiltrate the plant .
the opening of the xeres production plant guarantees enough extra credits that i can retire on a pleasure planet , live in one of the biodomes with filtered air , clean water and a controlled climate .
next , the memory enhancement , hours of repeating the few moments in the klarn industrial plant .
the only power is in the medical center and that is a small emergency power plant .
the water recycling plant is running in manual mode and can not provide enough water .
saldicy was to destroy the production plant after recording the processes forcing the klarn to use xeres facility .
she knows a way into the plant at dansk that my satellite scans did not register .
the klarn atrocities will justify your attack in retaliation on the plants in panche and justify a battleship to control the savages that endanger the shielding manufacturing plants .
the klarn atrocities will justify your attack in retaliation on the plants in panche and justify a battleship to control the savages that endanger the shielding manufacturing plants .
the klarn demand an investigation and protest the invasion of klarn lands by xeres , demand monetary compensation from xeres for the death of napayshni and injury of yahto by xeres personnel , demand removal of the abandoned xeres plant by the ship currently in orbit , demand an investigation of the military recorder found at the xeres disabled sled .
they know that i saw the plant operating , they can force a reading of my memories and extract what i saw of the process .
vinny did an oily face plant on the glass , trying for a better look .
a fag plant .
he reached into his pocket looking for a cigarette , and then remembering himself he wished that he had stocked up from one of the many cigarette plants along the way , as there were none to be found in the pass through the mountains .
popular moments from coopers first three years as president flash across the screen : him cutting the ribbon at coho dam , breaking ground for a geothermal plant in bc , shaking hands with the project manager of the moma wind farm .
we begin our journey through what feels like a nuclear power plant .
could ve been the power plant , dante says .
the pamphleteer was no journalist , no investigator , but armed with such contacts , he made it his to published anything and everything , no matter how scurrilous or ill substantiated , about accidents at the gas bottling plants , lubrication payments to local planners , the accidents and disappearance of opponents of new power stations .
dozens of new plants had been built .
we lived in the countryside then , near the firth , to be near to the hydro plant you were building .
i was working late at the plant but she came to me .
plus my work was taking me across the world setting up new hydro plants , places like media .
if his best friends wife could threaten her only son to get her hands on the designs for the first hydropower plant what would a stranger do ?
she could see a cluster of houses , perhaps a foundry or fish processing plant further towards the widening channel .
i wonder if its a town or a manufacturing plant .
living and working so close to dangchao had the same effect on pius as living next to a sewage treatment plant has on local residents .
i wonder if the robots have accidently included some nutrients or something else from the production plant , with this batch of food .
i m not sure , but these black dots here , round the edge of the plate , could be nutrient or something else from the production plant , but in either case i m not sure that its safe to eat .
the boffins back home came up with a processing plant , which phil and gavin sent to us in parts .
glowpainted arrows on the wall pointed toward utility plants 1 - 5 on the left , utility plant 6 and terrarium main access on the right .
glowpainted arrows on the wall pointed toward utility plants 1 - 5 on the left , utility plant 6 and terrarium main access on the right .
a worker in coveralls emerged from the dim office of plant 6 to lead them down a clanging metal stairwell guarded by shield doors and through the hot near - dark to another door with a cipher code box .
he explained power plants supported by their own production , and elaborated on recycling systems and rationing .
most of those near this moon are smelting plants where the ore is purified and tempered and loaded aboard freight ships as carmite for trade with other worlds .
the spacecraft plant at sanabria is capable of rolling out a fighter every three days or commissioning a battleship through space dock in less than six months .
he stood panting between them while nemec ran his sensor around a door marked d-5 utility plant , and saw him abruptly freeze .
by the time our boarding party got over there , the bridge looked like a biorecycling plant .
the ship was essentially a flying sewerage treatment plant ; an enormous storage tank with five massive rolls - royce centurion mk v fusion conversion generator sets ( fcgs ) , each to power a garbage converting raygeon advance mass atomic accumulation regenerator ( amaar ) .
from what buckman could tell , charles was supposed to start the renovation of the water recycling plant in the arboretum , and he would rather work there than on the sewage system .
have to change out a filter assembly in the recycling plant .
there was a small locker room outside the reconstitution plant where he was able to change into the suit .
the plant was pressurized and the suit he was wearing was much lighter than what he had had to use in the hold the day before .
buckman entered what was called the reconstitution plant .
all this was well controlled and regulated , but as buckman stepped into the processing area , there was no escaping the fact that they were working inside a massive garbage and sewage plant .
our orders were confused , and we did nt have access to the filtration plant .
a large sign announced that it was liberty forklift assembly plant 5 , a proud american manufacturer of quality warehouse systems .
the parking lot had only two cars in it , so the plant must have been closed when everything finally came apart .
rectangular plant beds constructed from scrap lumber .
there are more than four hundred nuclear power plants in the world .
oh , the nuclear plants have back - up systems .
but if the geomagnetic storms wiped those out , too like that japanese plant in the tsunami , campbell said .
the plant was built to withstand a tsunami , and it did .
find small rooms near water treatment plants , waste disposal plants , crematoriums , anyplace noisy , dirty and foul .
find small rooms near water treatment plants , waste disposal plants , crematoriums , anyplace noisy , dirty and foul .
it stinks like the worst waste - reclamation plant , glows like fission fuel waste .
as the main body tapered to the rear , the power plant and engines for the ship dominated the design .
sewer , maintenance tunnels , power lines , chemical plants .
overhead , a plant processed and purified water , running the cleaned stuff through the pipes now over their heads .
and now , because of the bovine plant , nearly all of that suffering was over .
the poster concluded with the comically ominous statement , come and see the exhibit next to the air intake chute which leads to an air conditioning plant which will unknowingly take part in my widespread dispersal experiment .
i was at etna toys plant and warehouse , a fire started , and the music box was in it and when i snatched it out of the flames to save it , it burned me .
there were few things i awoke with at etna toys plant and warehouse over a year ago and my memory was nt one of them .
it had only been a week since i awoke in etna toys plant and warehouse .
they parked the big tractor in the processing plant .
not even on the flowers in the big plant room .
crops went missing from the plant rooms .
during the blizzard of protest and political / social action movements in the late 60s and throughout the 70s , into the 80svietnam , peace / love , civil rights , feminism , anti - apartheid , anti - nuclear energy and specific power plants , trying to depose dictators in central and south america , opposing wars in israel , rallying about instability and human rights violations in african new nations and tibetinstead of being mostly sidelined , confined to strategy meetings and planning committees , i m marching , getting involved , becoming one of the main speakers and writers , getting arrested .
dr . horvaths financial resources had not been adequate to fund a robust physical plant to match winstons great intellect .
somewhere within the drones physical plant , a last bit of power sparked into life to run the voice recording .
several more soldiers from the company plant met with them , driving up from afar , the mines outer plant processing stacks belching smoke out into the sky .
several more soldiers from the company plant met with them , driving up from afar , the mines outer plant processing stacks belching smoke out into the sky .
the plant soldiers stepped out of their two terrain vehicles .
security and emergency systems drew power directly from the two nuclear plants under the facility , more than two kilometers in length , and one in depth .
one of them speaking to him through the visor of her suit , a woman , we are from the recycling plant tarnar .
along the way , nece pointed out the recycling plant and the corporate tower next to it in the foreground .
in the distance , nece showed abreon the recycling plants metal yards , the heaps of plastic , glass and other materials , which could be melted and reused .
even farther , off in the distance another recycling plant and upon its own roof , solar panels .
a second field flanking the right from that plant was a wide solar array .
you will work in the recycling plant .
we think you sabotaged the xelon nuclear power plant .
he glanced back at the park and the corporate facilities , the corporate center , the recycling plant , its fields .
all must eat at the plant , except those who worked in the field , or in the corporate center .
nine the machine ran , its energy reserves draining , its nuclear power plant unable to charge its batteries quickly enough , continuing until its hydraulics began to fail , seizing from the heat generated , the tanks oil running hot , the unit steaming as it lurched and sunk out of power .
the community has solar panels , pumps , foodstuffs and what we are interested in , a computer assembly plant and a warehouse .
yes and no , they can run the power plants and keep the equipment going .
nella had n't ever been inside before , and it was busy , catering mostly to the electric plant 's workmen and laborers from the farm .
in fact i think he 's actually a wire wrapper down at the electric plant these days .
nella sighed and strained to see into the power plant 's dark interior .
spinning on my heel i saw that the warrior chic shed tried to take down did nt exactly want to go down without a fight if chloe being swung hard by her arm and doing a face plant in the snow was anything to go by .
a natral plant product , injected with the presence of a mind .
the richest people on any given plant were the ones who owned the imp networks .
we took a partial hit that penetrated just deep enough to sever a main power linkage from the power plant to the rest of the ship .
shiloh learned that the slow speed was necessary to allow a moderate flow of gases into the hydrogen / heavy hydrogen separation plant that would generate a constant flow of heavy hydrogen into storage tanks .
i first noticed the escape tunnels one day when i had descended to the lowest level of all , the location of the electronic plant , where machines , known as reverse disintegrators , fed with earth and crushed rock by automatic conveyors , subjected this material to the disintegrator ray , held the released electrons captive within their magnetic fields and slowly refashioned them into supplies of metals and other desired elements .
pale sand , yes , and greenish water ; but there was a dull , antiseptic feel about the place , like a class field trip to a sterile industrial plant .
in particular , a power plant with electricity generated by solar panels and wind generators .
the generators hardly seemed sufficient to supply the electrical needs of an overgrowing society , so gilgamesh assisted in the construction of a power plant run by nuclear power .
however , the thought of a nuclear plant nearby was a little scary , but david assured me that gilgamesh had everything well in hand and there was nothing to worry about .
marc seemed too embarrassed to do anything other than say good morning and excused himself to check on the equipment in the plant .
he was from ohio , farm and industry country that had its own water , halfway decent air if you were nt downwind from a coal burning power plant or a field spread with fresh manure , and a more straightforward and solid work ethic .
` ` i reinforced it with carbon steel from an airplane manufacturing plant i took my students to last month . ''
they re located in the power plant .
neptune and you have done a great job of learning to synthesize of lot of the old world antibiotics , but none of that is working , and trying to flash ketocillin without a real manufacturing plant is a tall order for anyone , she said , her eyes gleaming with determination .
i also made it so they could be ganged together in serial or parallel fashion to create a power plant .
entry 1 - 018 : january 11 , 2013 plant transmutation when i was building the ` ` soup '' that fueled the creation of rome 's revolution , i put a lot of thought into alternative technologies to make the vuduri our equals or superior , technologically yet different .
it has been proposed that certain plants can ` ` manufacture '' elements they need by way of low energy nuclear reactions which is similar to cold fusion .
this includes the tug hangars , the stellar observatory , the docking port for the algol , storage for omcom 's core , central recycling and the power plant .
after they established the power plant and molecular sequencers , the actual internal construction began .
entry 1 - 281 : october 2 , 2013 the central power plant on dara in the original long - form version of rome 's revolution , rei spent much of his time wandering around skyler base on dara , using his observations to clue us in on what is going on .
one of the things that got cut when the novel was compressed into an omnibus was rei 's description of the power plant .
as mentioned yesterday , on skyler base , sitting on the moon of dara , there is a central power plant .
this power plant generates electricity and some of that electricity is actually conducted by power busses running underneath the station .
her husband , clyde , worked at the pillsbury monroe plant making crystals .
the operative disappeared into the plant pit , his screams accompanied by a polite round of applause from the attending henchmen .
fish wastes and irrigation water were supplied to large grass - like plants nearby .
the water plants in the down deep have very little contamination , but it is still present in low levels with the source water at the intakes .
` ` the contamination levels increase in the different water plants as we rise in the silo towards the up - top , with very high levels present after processing at the uppermost plant .
` ` the contamination levels increase in the different water plants as we rise in the silo towards the up - top , with very high levels present after processing at the uppermost plant .
` ` those who either live or work where one water source provides and then work or live at a different level where another plant provides water show lower tendencies for cancer and miscarriage than those who both live and work at the higher concentration level water source . ''
it was with relief that he wired down to each of the water plants to lower the additive levels .
just trying to figure out how the last remaining it agent that worked in chemistry would be able to manufacture and deliver the next load of additives was hard enough , let alone how that same fellow would get to every plant just to twiddle a knob or push a button .
anyway , my guy in water says that vapor compression distillation should work and since you ' ve got two down in mechanical , you 'll either need to figure out a way to build another near the upper plant or string a whole lot of pumps together to get that much lift .
bombs wired to chemical plants .
he was referring , of course , to the major tent city out by the wastewater treatment plant .
* * * chickentown is located about five miles from the western city limits of sedona on the site of the citys wastewater treatment plant .
for years we sent our human waste and ground up garbage and unwanted fluids and general detritus a - rushing to the treatment plant , where , through some alchemical miracle , it was transformed into drinkable water .
that worked well for years , until the water in sedona was nt flowing regularly anymore and the city defaulted on its bond payments for the plant and the whole place was closed down .
meanwhile , the plant had gazillions of gallons of treated water in storage , primarily in holding ponds that looked like clear blue lakes and in humongous storage tanks that looked like giant toilet bowls .
ok ladies , for our next plant , we need to head over to the lake .
nikola tesla had supplied durango with an ac power plant , making it one of the first towns in the united states to have electricity .
i found that several of the workers are renting rooms within walking distance from the plant .
chapter 23 - the ford plant in the next couple of days , amy and jeff entered a working rhythm .
right , thought amy , she had heard this dream from several of the women in the plant .
are you thinking of applying for a job at the ford plant ?
amy opened the door to leave , if you are interested in working at the ford plant , i can talk to human resources to set a meeting for you .
he was found in the bay near the ford assembly plant .
well , jeff and i took jobs at the ford assembly plant .
i do nt think we can work at the ford assembly plant anymore , said amy .
we were doing better at the ford plant .
do i tell them i worked at the ford assembly plant ?
as to a job , you know you can also get a dispensation if you work in an industry critical to the country , like at the ford assembly plant .
dr . holbrook said that the plant had better chances of being there in 1872 .
why would he want that additional work if the plant was available in 1895 ?
you have the parameters of the plant , do nt you ?
we can still get the plant and the door closed and amy was not able to hear the rest .
jeff , there is nothing more , but give us a call after you get the plant , said dr . holbrook .
but why would they care about georges plant ?
they should be back from looking for the plant .
call me when you get the plant , said dr . holbrook as he signed off .
in the background , a logging scene showed huge ancient trees being cut down with smoking chain saws , while power plant smoke stacks blackened the horizon .
he responded negatively to their ideas about moving his manufacturing plants to china .
` ` plant power will drop off when the sun 's down . ''
it slowly spun on it 's axis and accelerated into a neospace bubble , leaving the broken clanworld desinlo behind , still glowing from the damage , with volcanic activity still rising , the air dark with smoke and ash as the plant began the process of remaking itself .
we need engines back online , and we need to stop all venting before we end up losing the air plants .
the firien province , called the firn province , was still frequented by authorized traders to the mechanized production plants that had been built there , production plants that scoured the land for rare minerals and plants found only in the firn province .
the firien province , called the firn province , was still frequented by authorized traders to the mechanized production plants that had been built there , production plants that scoured the land for rare minerals and plants found only in the firn province .
the pebbled shore of purplish - blue stones was riddled with ancient trash , mostly indestructible chordent materials washed up to the shore and products and materials left behind by the production plants and by the merchant traders .
it reminded me of a car manufacturing plant , but these were no cars .
the u.s . responded by placing numerous ships with desalinization plants onboard , which processed and piped it to land until a plant on land was constructed for the same purpose .
the u.s . responded by placing numerous ships with desalinization plants onboard , which processed and piped it to land until a plant on land was constructed for the same purpose .
from above , circular paths marked the different regions , as the natural farms wound between the greenhouses and manufacturing plants .
we moved out into the plants , sadie along side us , and pushed our way through .
he was an engineer employed at a nearby automobile production plant , and his wife miki was a college professor at the local community college .
` ` we 're heading to the food processing plants over by the river .
so if gustin could find some bacteria and get one of the plants working , they 'd be no shortage of food or water .
after making only one wrong turn , i found the food processing plant .
behind me , i saw more and more krillaz boiling out of the plant .
ten years ago , the martian government proposed a large scale colonization to the federal parliament , and offered to accommodate the orbital construction yards for the spaceships , as well as the plants for the production of the androids , robots and automatic factories needed for expansion on the planet .
i do nt know about you guys , but i m going into town and getting a job at the power plant , tracker said .
here they can wait for up to ten hours without food or water before they are moved into the plant 's ' live - hang ' area .
so , if i may , let me turn to another very major item , manufacturing plants .
there were street sweepers , cleaners who kept the greenhouse glass sparkling clear , water carriers who took buckets from the wells to the plants , couriers who carried messages between important people , freighters who carted meat in from the scale farms , as well as cloth and other supplies that could not be grown or made in the houses .
after the immoral doctors experiments were destroyed along with the nuclear fusion plant that acted as his stronghold , colton tolliver brought at least some of the cutting edge dna research to america and continued to work on it with kidnapped and coerced scientists at a facility east of los angeles .
non - fossil fuel , non - nuclear power plants now accounted for over 50 % of all power .
i also plan to stop by plant 121 and tower group 564 to see what the hold up on the hand held weapons is .
other missiles headed to toronto where the cn tower was the focal point , at boston it was city hall and in detroit it was the main gm plant .
` ` take your largest power plant , what it produces in a year , would run a gate 1 km wide for 1 hour , the gate behind us , maybe a minute . ''
was nt there a power plant on the edge of lake michigan ?
he turned out to be a plant or spy , put there by the warp drive bank to watch commander sturick .
how about power plants that do nt need coal or nuclear material ?
better yet , what if we did nt need power plants because every house ran on its own everlasting battery ?
little mikey had taken a job at the gm plant .
say goodbye to nuclear power plants .
large power plants could feed even bigger electrical grids for cities .
ronalds mother stayed with him continually , sometimes sleeping over on a cot the hospital provided , while her husband would only be able to visit after a long days work at the plant .
heard some of the younger guys at the plant talking about her , all ga - ga like .
this was an obsolete robot assembly plant .
we now have confirmed that this is nt an isolated incident but a coordinated effort of multiple nuclear events in major cities and power plants and military installations across the country including chicago , new york , atlanta , washington , d.c . , and los angeles .
stay away from my plants and leave solomon alone ! ''
in fact , you might be interested to know that the reason its so hot in here is because they built this place as a geothermal power plant .
i designed blueprints for an antimatter power plant , the boy said .
i only designed the plant to burn the stuff in .
also , museums , libraries , some power plants and other vital parts of our infrastructure were spared .
the last nuclear power plant was shut down about ten years ago .
the entire damn place is a power plant .
a standard fusion plant was then delivered from orbit and it powered the remainder of the installation .
the fusion plant came in a close second .
in addition to supplying the power for assembling and running the lab , the fusion plant electrolyzed water for the hydrogen fuel for the two flitters , alice and bobbie .
to prevent the worst from happening , the fusion plant also charged an electric grid placed around the border of the underlying slab , a grid which attempted to keep out the voracious plant life on gondwana .
the electrical signals had started to increase on the four individual plants that bore the meters .
she rubbed her nose which felt like it was squashed flat from the face plant she must have done at some point .
if the plants routinely use it , they must have some way to prevent overdoses .
` ` so the command center and fusion plant is safe then , '' jonze was relieved .
i hear a scream and see a hand with a crossbow pop up over the plant .
a goblin wearing leather armor steps out from behind another plant to the right and runs at me carrying a small shield and a mace .
mr capstick had , had enough and sauntered off , intent on weeing in an indoor plant to show spon who really owned the place .
get out of that plant ! ''
there was always a freight train carrying coal to some energy plant , or a passenger train ferrying people to whatever destiny awaited them .
chapter 12 twylo giselle was in orbit around the plant twylo in the galaxy argus , at the edge of gizmos home universe when they heard the signal loud and clear from the planet below .
he watched my plants with what i finally figured out was fear .
in the following days i noticed that he came to a wary agreement with my plants .
so we tried everything , including every chemical ever known to boost plant production .
hmmm , looks like this connection fed some of the power into the power plant for this ship .
` ` here , '' samson said , pointing to a manufacturing plant .
this thin bridge must ' ve led between the processing plants .
argus scanned the dim edges of the production plant .
the shell blew through the concrete , and argus could catch a glimpse of the level beneath the manufacturing plant .
he had just initiated the program that managed the small nuclear power plant hidden deep below him in the rock .
the plant had powered up just as it was supposed to , no problems whatsoever , and that made richard pierce extremely happy .
but he had written the software that handled the power plant , as well as several other sections of the underground city , and that made it his baby .
he 'd had a friend , back in college , that had worked at his fathers meat packing plant on houston 's west side , and frank had taken the friend up on the offer of part - time work at the plant one summer .
he 'd had a friend , back in college , that had worked at his fathers meat packing plant on houston 's west side , and frank had taken the friend up on the offer of part - time work at the plant one summer .
he had never been able to stand the smell in the plant though .
they just gave the okay last year to rochester gas and electric to fire up that new nuclear plant out in livingston county . ''
they built a new plant to handle it downtown , on broad street .
it 's a ways from the lake , so if that was rochester we saw last night , the plant must still be up and running .
the water is poisoned by factories and chemical plants that are still leaking , which is why most people live in the north .
flames licked up at the great cloud of smog that engulfed the highest of the tower blocks , a vapor that billowed out of the devastated chemical plant six miles south of my position .
` ` the chemical plant bombing , that was axthon , the farm world , right ? ''
chemical thrusters automatically ignited , forcing kion against his seat restraints and propelling the habitat module further from the ill - fated power plant .
the plants within the complex were highly maintained .
the base 's power plant could have blown . ''
i only found that out because my father toured the plant my uncle owns where the sensors are manufactured .
chapter seven the foundry was a converted manufacturing plant in the lower end of manhattan that had fallen into disuse when the golden age of the us manufacturing had begun to wane in favor of hipper and greener technologies which themselves had lasted only as long as the public interest held them .
they usually do nt let outsiders watch the inner workings of our little plant here .
instead she saw emerald glass buildings over brightly floral walking parks with magnet trams shuttling people to work at thriving auto plants .
this time , driving back from the tire retread plant , i finally gave in to the abnormal idea about rails and pennies , and maybe more , that s been gnawing at me for the past month .
its a route so familiar from twenty - five years of back and forth from plant to home that it hardly registers anymore .
another one showed a single patch - wearing figure , powering up a light bulb , while another bunch of stick figures were hooked up to what looked like a power plant !
several small inexpensive power plants , and maybe 100 trained supervisors like mr . lee will be required .
in the distance , the doomsday horn down at san onofr nuclear power plant began to wind up into its end of the world wail .
then whatever that thing was that killed them , sort of cleaned out the immediate area , said holiday as they made their way down a slope of ice plants .
the vault was large , larger than any of the chambers on the flagship , and housed an automated manufacturing plant .
she looked up from her plants , gave me a brief pained smile and said , hello , professor , and went back to the plants for a few seconds .
you d need lots more power for that though , a small citys power plant .
he was brought to the location of one of dwaynes manufacturing plants .
they finally arrived at the cities busy train yard , which was adjacent to the largest camera manufacturing plant in the city .
the plant was open twenty - four hours a day , but garrison and his men drove her to an area that was being renovated .
there s only one high rise under construction near the camera plant .
the box was supposed to be in the corner of a new high rise that was being erected right near the camera plant .
` ` based off your messages earlier in the day , i was n't sure if you would make it home today , '' she said , turning back to the plant .
` ` interesting , '' stalling said , looking up and down the plant with feigned interest .
the engineers on the final days must have powered down their fuel refineries and other industrial plants .
according to my source ... '' i pause to scroll down the document displayed on the screen of my laptop , ` ` this particular pottery house did make flow blue willow ware out of staffordshire , but only until about 1940 or so when there was a fire that burned the plant down .
entire economic systems could be devastated as the result of releasing the new technologygas stations made obsolete , manufacturing plants having to re - tool to meet the new demandand that is n't all .
what about the money needed to replace coal - burning and nuclear - based power plants ?
the government pledged to shut down its coal power plants within four years and build more nuclear plants to compensate .
the government pledged to shut down its coal power plants within four years and build more nuclear plants to compensate .
the layout of the processing plant is pretty complicated , but there s only one section they use to extract gravstone .
his manufacturing plants had been vaporized .
for millions and millions of dollars , you can build a water filtration or desalination plant that is bound to break down from time to time .
is there a place where we can go to get infinite , free energy without burning fossil fuels , making geothermal plants or building nuclear reactors ?
while this is not an exhaustive list , we can use : - hydroelectric plants - ocean thermal energy conversion - wind farms - biomass - solar furnaces - solar panels - solar cells in the next few articles , i 'll cover most of these technologies .
hydroelectric plants are powered by the sun .
these plants are fairly expensive to build and have to be put way , way away from civilization but the fuel for these plants is free .
these plants are fairly expensive to build and have to be put way , way away from civilization but the fuel for these plants is free .
several internet writers have speculated on a perceived similarity between under the dome and the simpsons movie , where , according to wikipedia , homers town of springfield is isolated inside a large glass dome ( probably because of that pesky nuclear power plant ) .
dbs publishing llc copyright 2015 by dbs publishing llc smashwords edition the pulse orgins a world without power when the power went out at the north highlands hydroelectric plant in columbus , georgia , the oddest thing for todd broderick was that he instinctively thought to call georgia power , the very power company he worked for .
if the hydroelectric plant that provided hundreds of thousands of residents with electricity no longer had any juice , it was unlikely that power existed anywhere else in the area .
todd stepped outside to examine the vast row of power lines running to the plant , not expecting that they would provide any answers to the scenario before him .
he went back inside the plant , where not a single transformer , generator , computer , or light bulb was functioning .
at north highlands , like most hydroelectric plants , river water is siphoned through water reservoirs and converted into electricity through turbine - powered generators and transformers .
the crisis befalling the plant was the last thing he needed , and the thought of throwing in the towel , heading home and going back to sleep seemed most appealing of all .
as he drove past security and shuffled into the power plant , there was nothing he wanted more than to curl up at his desk and get some rest .
he had a team to check on to ensure that the generator gauges throughout the plant were correctly ascertained and recorded for daily output and performance during peak usage hours .
stoic concern showed on the faces of every technician in the room as they witnessed an unimaginable event : a complete plant shutdown .
the team dutifully complied as they exited the room to inspect the rest of the plant .
todd avoided eye contact and questions from his crew , and continued past them , heading toward the plant manager 's office , hoping to find him in .
4 flight driving along a coastal road they passed long - abandoned warehouses , marinas , fish packing plants , and maintenance facilities .
how did you know the plant would work ?
he , like many other students of the exact and natural sciences , had always been fascinated by massive power plants .
a vast , rocky moonlet at least a kilometre long had been hollowed out and fitted with engines , a power plant and life support systems , cargo bays , passenger and crew living accommodation , a command bridge , a shielded computer room , thousands of kilometres of electronics .
of course , they 'd secure the bridge , power plant , life support systems first but i knew we 'd be hearing from them soon .
a meteor had smashed into the base , demolishing a couple of structures maybe storage sheds but it looked as if a fusion - generator power plant had been damaged as sparks and electrical bolts flashed up into the clouds .
remember japans nuclear plant meltdown ?
mar looked out to see everyone 's reaction but instead he saw the eyes of the plant 's security chief .
then , a loud metallic thumping echoed in the plant .
the robots are n't the only reason there are fewer workers at the plant . ''
he spent time with her in the city by the factories and she helped him find easier work in the plants when he came of age .
` ` this will connect to the plant on the hill , right ? ''
` ` we work every day of the week , making their power plants and building their datafarms .
thon ignored him and said , ` ` the few of us who are n't building power plants or computer plants or farming , they give them a sword and a gun and then ship them off to fight robots . ''
thon ignored him and said , ` ` the few of us who are n't building power plants or computer plants or farming , they give them a sword and a gun and then ship them off to fight robots . ''
the elderly and wounded are forced to work in power plants and matrix farms .
as they did , they saw the refineries and assembly plants lining the valleys of a river that once fed the quarry .
` ` the generations of my family who were forced into factory work or power plants or whatever just because the caesar said so . ''
another oddity he noticed was that there were incredible amounts of space junk that formed a sparse , inconsistent ring around the plant .
he wanted to let her know that more than one sticky problem had resolved itself already at his plant in northern greenland .
the agency plants would report back , and very soon he as bob arctor , sitting in his living room smoking dope and dropping dope with the other dopers , would find he had a little three - foot - high contract man on a cart coasting after him , too .
in his head , as he skillfully avoided the radar traps that the police kept everywhere ( the police radar vans checking out drivers usually took the disguise of old raunchy vw vans , painted dull brown , driven by bearded freaks ; when he saw such vans he slowed ) , he ran a preview fantasy number of his put - on : freck : ( casually ) i bought a methedrine plant today .
freck : ( springing the punch line on him ) i mean i inherited forty thousand from an uncle and purchased a plant hidden in this dude 's garage where he makes methedrine .
freck said , ` ` i bought a methedrine plant today . ''
` ` they 're practically giving meth plants away , '' barris said .
the air smelled bad -- faintly bad -- as if a waste - processing plant were chugging away in the vicinity .
` ` what 's qua - urt ` ` it 's my new job at the plant .
i check them after they leave the plant . ''
the people at the plant would be very upset . ''
like casey , amos worked at die plant .
she played first base on the plant softball team .
men were comfortable around her ; they treated her like a kid sister , which served her well at the plant .
in return for walking a political tightrope , workers in qa had the run of the plant .
still ten minutes to the plant .
up ahead , she saw the main gate of the norton plant .
as always , she felt a lift driving into the plant , with its three - shift energy , the yellow tugs hauling bins of parts .
the recession had trimmed that to thirty thousand , but the plant was still huge , covering sixteen square miles .
the mechanics in the plant know the difference ; they 're all uaw .
the vietnamese were the hardest - working people at the plant .
notoriously profane and abusive , he was known in the plant as easy burne because of his quick temper .
he was transpacific 's rep at the plant .
` ` because the plant 's been quietly gearing up .
administration 9:12 a.m. harold edgarton , the newly appointed president of norton aircraft , was in his office on the tenth floor , staring out the window overlooking the plant , when john marder walked in .
i figured you want to take the bird to the plant . ''
` ` we always put security on the plane , until it 's ferried to the plant , '' she said .
he ran the plant .
you know how rumors run through the plant .
and it was true what marder said - rumors flew through the plant , all the time .
she drove into the plant with an uncharacteristic feeling of unease .
but this was standard procedure whenever a rams team from recovery and maintenance services entered the plant .
they close this plant in ten years , i 'll be retired .
i run the local , not the plant . ''
the morning sun was shining ; the plant around her was cheerfully busy , mechanics riding their bicycles from one building to another .
so most people in the plant thought that marder had no choice except to go along with edgarton 's agenda - at least for the moment .
crossing the plant , she fished her cell phone out of her purse , and called marder .
she shut down the terminal and crossed the plant floor , heading back to her office .
i ' m an executive of norton aircraft and i am running through this plant in the middle of the day .
walking across the plant toward hangar 5 , richman said , ` ` marder seemed pretty worked up , did n't he ?
but the plant 's in turmoil , and management 's not leading .
he 's had a request from a network news crew to film inside the plant .
` ` uh - huh ... '' that was standard ; news crews were never allowed inside the plant ` ` then he got a call from a producer on that program newsline named malone .
she said newsline was making the request for plant access , and insisted they be allowed in .
the whole plant probably knew by now .
` ` i would n't be hanging around the plant at night casey . ''
hangar 5 10:30 p.m. at night , the norton plant appeared deserted , the parking lots nearly empty , the perimeter buildings silent .
casey was crossing the plant , heading over to iaa , when her cell phone rang .
perhaps she 'd learned something from the tough older men at the plant .
i ' m currently employed at the gibson plant in lockport , new york , setting up tool machines , which i got because i lied about my medical history , which you would too if you had a back like mine , and i 'd appreciate it in consideration of which , if you did n't wrestle me quite so vicious next time i do you a favor . ''
i got ta be back at the plant in a few days or they 'll fire my ass , and kimosabe here still has to get his damned female action , and guess what : i just got this .
on the lower level were the engine room and the power plant ; the empty berths where the lifeboats had been .
it was quite obvious that this was no hermit 's cell , but a large industrial plant , inside an asteroid .
none took the risky step of trying to blast the underground power plants , the location of which they must have known .
i told you about the asteroid i was on , the kind of industrial plant it must have been .
do n't forget , now , you 're no longer in charge of this plant .
we have also duplicated their chemical explosives , but only in the laboratory , and their firing tubes and armored vehicles , but only in experimental plants .
if one of the country 's largest atomic power plants is completely ruined in an unauthorized experiment , is an admitted accessory to that act a criminal ?
we started with the atomic power plant - drained .
twenty - seven men and women , all told , including the secretary of defense , the secretary of science and two or three others so top - notch that they were completely unknown to the public , entered the power plant during the period of investigation .
all who had been in the plant that night , the physicist who had identified tywood , the doctor who had examined him , were retired into virtual home arrest .
' they ran out a special line from the power plant .
he said : ' and you think he tried to send something back in time - something weighing a pound or two - and blew an entire plant doing it ? '
' but there was one thing he could do with a pound of matter that he could n't do with a milligram , and that was to drain a power plant .
' well , ' i said , ' i think it is n't difficult to connect all that with the fact that tywood blew an entire power plant in his anxiety to send something back to the past , while in his office safe we found sections of a chemistry textbook translated into greek . '
' the atomic power plant . '
there are rest rooms for those who wish to use them and then we will visit the food - processing plants where meals such as you have just eaten are made possible . ''
there are the algae rooms - not the antiseptic processing plants , which you ' ve seen - but the farms themselves .
toward the outskirts were the factories , the hydroponic plants , the yeast - culture vats , the power plants .
toward the outskirts were the factories , the hydroponic plants , the yeast - culture vats , the power plants .
there had been an accident at the power plant and his father had borne the blame .
maybe even now the rumor is spreading across the yeast - vat country and down the long island hydroponic plants that there 's a killer robot on the loose . ''
the nuclear power plants are kept going by uranium supplies that are constantly more difficult to obtain even from the other planets of the system , and the supply needed goes up steadily .
the life of the city depends every moment on the arrival of wood pulp for the yeast vats and minerals for the hydroponic plants .
` ` power plant , '' said baley , curtly .
he had been in power plants before , including this one .
the feeling was heightened by the haunting thought that once his father had been high in the hierarchy of a plant such as this .
there was the surrounding hum of the tremendous generators hidden in the central well of the plant , the faint sharpness of ozone in the air , the grim and silent threat of the red lines that marked the limits beyond which no one could pass without protective clothing .
somewhere in the plant ( baley had no idea exactly where ) a pound of fissionable material was consumed each day .
he dreamed jessie was falling into the fission chamber of a nuclear power plant , falling and falling .
they never told him exactly how , and he had cried bitterly because he thought uncle boris had been arrested for smuggling yeast out of the plant .
it came from one of the power plants . ''
he said , ` ` which power plant did the alpha - sprayer come from , commissioner ? ''
` ` the williamsburg plant .
the alpha - sprayer was taken from the williamsburg power plant .
you and i passed through the williamsburg power plant yesterday .
` ` i was with you in the power plant and i can testify that you did not have the opportunity to steal an alpha - sprayer . ''
it would be this inner group that would know i had passed through the power plant ; at least one of them might have followed me along the strips that far , even though you thought we had lost them .
` ` lije , '' he said suddenly , ` ` when were you last in the williamsburg power plant ? ''
no one just passes through a power plant to get somewhere else . ''
he said , ` ` if you 're trying to hint that i had an opportunity to get the alpha - sprayer that knocked out r. sammy , i 'll remind you that daneel was with me and will testify that i went right through the plant without stopping and that i had no alpha - sprayer on me when i left . ''
i passed through the power plant eighteen hours before r. sammy spoke to jessie .
obviously only someone who 'd known i was in the williamsburg plant yesterday evening . ''
i lost them , or i thought i did , but obviously at least one of them saw me pass through the plant .
` ` clousarr saw you go into the williamsburg power plant , or else someone in his group did and passed the information along to him .
oh , yes , so he got an alpha - sprayer , presumably through a confederate in the plant , and had another confederate arrange the destruction of r .
you were in the williamsburg power plant . ''
baley said , ` ` i say you were in the williamsburg power plant today , commissioner , and you got the alpha - sprayer and gave it to r. sammy .
you deliberately chose the williamsburg power plant in order to incriminate me .
strange that a world of forty billion should be energy - rich , but with the internal heat of the planet to draw upon , to say nothing of solar energy and nuclear fusion plants in space , it was .
( he had toured the plant with a proctor . )
` ` especially parked in the lot at your plant , '' i said .
it was easy for charley ; he spent all day down at the plant , and in the evenings he shut himself up in his study and did paper work , and on weekends he usually went outdoors and used the noto - tiller or the chain saw .
he had found the cat hiding in a supply shed down at the plant , and for almost a year he had fed it in the office , buying cat food for it and giving it scraps brought back to the office from his lunch .
and yet , watching her try to stroke the cat , he felt convinced that she did not really want the cat around the house ; she was actually jealous of it because he liked it and wanted to keep it away from her , down at the plant .
he 'll turn up in the morning , if not here then back at the plant . ''
` ` how 's the plant doing ? ''
different people , his family , men from the plant , friends , fay and the children , people from the area , came to see him .
but the night before , he telephoned bill jaffers , the shop foreman at his plant in petaluma , and told him to come by the hospital with a pick - up truck at nine in the morning .
finally the plant 's pick - up truck appeared and parked .
later i learned that some of them had worked for charley at his plant in petaluma and some were relatives of his who had flown out from chicago .
since he had had a good deal of distrust of fay for years - which i had recognized already - he had started a process of withdrawing capital from his plant and putting that capital into stocks and bonds in the children 's names .
so not only did the girls own the stocks and bonds but they also got his share of the plant in petaluma .
and her property under california law consisted only of her half of the house - on which there was a large mortgage to be paid off - and her half of the plant , which did not amount to anything like she had expected , since the plant had been bled over a number of years .
and her property under california law consisted only of her half of the house - on which there was a large mortgage to be paid off - and her half of the plant , which did not amount to anything like she had expected , since the plant had been bled over a number of years .
` ` that terrorists blew up the power plant .
but now the malaysia plant was having trouble manufacturing the new fast drives .
mohammed jafar was the line foreman of the malaysia plant , a very capable young man .
eddie larson was the production supervisor in the austin plant , which made cellular telephones .
` ` is it true they 're going to shut down the austin plant ? ''
sanders disagreed with this blatantly discriminatory policy , because he wanted the best supervisors he could get for the plant .
` ` i understand that you have been closely involved with setting up the plants in ireland and malaysia .
and i know she headed the ops review team in cupertino , which approved the plans for the new plant at kuala lumpur . ''
the third was a requisition for a roof repair at the austin plant ; it had been held up in operations in cupertino , and eddie had forwarded it to sanders to try and get action .
because they 're also doing a complete inventory of the plant .
he was thinking about what it meant that somebody either garvin , or the conley - white people would ask for an inventory of the plant .
` ` it sounds like they 're going to sell the plant to somebody who makes chips , is what it sounds like .
in the meantime , he could bring up the plant closing with meredith at the conclusion of the morning meeting with conley - white .
` ` they why are they inventorying the plant ? ''
conley 's worried about cash flow after the acquisition , and the austin plant is , as you know , very profitable .
now he skimmed only the headlines : garvin sends johnson to texas for austin plant oversight johnson will head new operations review unit johnson named operations veep to work directly under garvin johnson : triumph in malaysia labor conflict now resolved meredith johnson our rising star a superb manager ; her skill in technical areas very strong this final headline ran above a lengthy profile of johnson , well placed on the second page of the magazine .
` ` on a sale of the austin plant ? ''
the irish government wants to expand local content at the cork plant and we 're not sure we can .
with mohammed jafar missing , it was unlike arthur to leave the plant without supervision .
` ` the air in the plant . ''
air in the plant . ''
it was the standard measure of air cleanliness in a plant .
the air in the plant was bad .
the model became transparent , then turned into a cutaway ; now they could see the assembly line , the physical plant .
the model of the plant seemed to shimmer for a moment , but it remained the same .
` ` according to these records , the plant was never revised , '' sanders said .
responding to the requests of the malay government , operations review was able to increase the number of workers to eighty - five by reducing the amount of automation at the plant , thus making the facility more suitable to the economy of a developing country . '
costs were reduced with no detriment to product quality at the plant .
` ` because now i know what was done at the malaysia plant .
they pulled all the documents relating to the plant off the system .
` ` and then we say sanders made the changes at the plant ?
but she knew that the changes at the plant would eventually be traced back to her , so she thought she had a way to get rid of me , to make me quit the company .
and then she would be able to blame me for the problems at the plant . ''
sanders said , ` ` you never went to the plant itself ? ''
the screen behind the newscaster showed the digicom building in malaysia , then the interior of the plant .
johnson said , ` ` but you see , what you are overlooking is that the malays gave us no choice- '' ` ` in that case , we should never have built the plant there , '' sanders said , cutting her off .
a lot of people have two animals , even three , four , and like in the case of fred washborne , who owns the algae - processing plant my brother works at , even five .
flattening hovercars at our daly city plant and dumping them into the bay .
he sat as well , looking across the small plant at galladon .
vaddum comes personally to the plant to select and choose among the objects headed for the melter .
robert vaddum himself is too valuable to risk in an experiment , so the materials manager of the maker 's physical plant , one oscar vale , is selected to make secret history .
if one had known where to look in the false window , one could have seen hari 's father tending gene - tailored pharmaceutical - producing plants in the far distance .
the power plant actually extended two stories below ground level : a vast complex of whining turbines and piping that ran down in the earth , lit by harsh electric bulbs .
` ` and when the workers refuse to heed your orders and enter their plants to do their jobs , who would you call to negotiate ? ''
another had it that the un engineers were going to make a vast final attack on the problem of beefing up the power sources on mars ; they were going to set up a huge hydrogen atomic energy power plant , unique in both size and scope .
` ` before this area got scorched by the flares , this city had several food manufacturing plants , plus a lot of warehouses to hold the food .
he would ' ve drunk water from the filthiest stream , from a swamp , from a sewage plant .
it was not long before virgil ackerman had set up a receiving plant at tijuana , mexico , and was accepting shipments of ersatz furs of every variety from his industrial installations on mars .
` ` so you 're doing molecular assembly at the plant now ? ''
i could n't think about julia , so i started thinking about what ricky had told me about their fabrication plant .
` ` dump sites , industrial plants , chemical exposure ... '' ` ` no , no . ''
` ` she 's in nevada for the day , at the fab plant .
i got stuck out at the plant .
so then i called your cell and i left you a message that i was stuck at the plant until today . ''
you 'd be up at the xymos fab plant . ''
we have five programmers from the original team practically living out at that xymos plant .
he 's out at that fab plant in nevada . ''
` ` have you been out to that plant ? ''
` ` i had n't heard she was at the fab plant . ''
that van had come from the fabrication plant , out in the desert .
it was time for me to visit the fab plant , i thought .
they ignored the keep - out signs , snooped around the plant .
they ' ve complained to the company and are demanding to inspect the plant . ''
he was clearly the plant maintenance engineer .
* * * we entered the power plant .
vince pushed the door wide , and we stepped into a covered passageway connecting the power plant to the other buildings .
unless i was wrong , these spiked clusters were an organic version of the fabrication plant that xymos had built on the surface .
the main plant .
i saw vince in the main plant room , then he popped out .
` ` there 's a safety system for the plant .
i lunged for a potted plant near me and threw up .
` ` i think she 's a plant for industry .
the twin columns of black smoke from the power plant rising beyond the airfield and the rumble of buses pulling out of the main gate .
cutting between barracks 3 and 4 to the road that leads to the power plant and the processing hangars .
directly in front of us the twin towers of the plant belching black and gray smoke .
disposal happens next door , in the power plant incinerator .
in front of us now the power plant barfing its black and gray smoke .
i watch the sun rising over his shoulder , framed between the twin towers of the power plant , its light glinting off the mothership in orbit , the sole imperfection in the otherwise perfect sky .
covering 1,300 acres , with a physical plant valued at $ 100,000,000 , it ranked as one of the largest research facilities of any kind in the united states .
the power station that jephtha chose was a hydrogen retrieval plant that supplied hydrogen , oxygen and electricity to all of the subcontractors in the director 's space program .
blowing the plant would set flattery 's precious project voidship and his orbiting factory on its heels for a while .
someone blew up one of the outer offices , a security detachment has attacked the kalaloch power plant and there is some problem with the kelp in sector eigh ... '' ` ` i ' m in sector eight right now , '' he said , his voice as even as he could make it .
` ` what did she mean , ' a security detachment has attacked the kalaloch power plant ' ?
we defend the kalaloch power plant . ''
` ` what about the attack on the power plant ?
zentz was finished chewing out the major in charge of the power plant and the configuration of the kelp on the monitor had n't changed a bit .
` ` i read the paper while there was still enough daylight to do so , trying to forget the whole wretched business for a while , and there on page one of the times there was a story about how radioactive material from nuclear - power plants kept disappearing -- the article went on to theorize that enough of that stuff in the right hands could quite easily be used to make a very dirty nuclear weapon .
thing was , it was a little harder to work yourself up to hurting a woman who was the only heir to holmes dental industries when there were twelve holmes plants in the sunny south , one of them just one county over from oxford town , oxford town .
nev may still be down at the plant my ... father made him assistant manager , you know .
three of the band already had been lost to the plants .
` ` the purification plant .
that is n't conclusive , of course - the plane has its own self - contained power supply , while the electricity here comes from a power plant somewhere .
bushka saw raw sewage pumping out of a valve off to his right , sure evidence that the guemes nutrient plant had suffered a major breakdown .
` ` it may have been their hydrogen plant , but we 're not sure yet . ''
beyond the vast roof was a large blocky building with a metal roof , which had the functional look of a power plant , but if so , it was as big as the power plant for a small town .
beyond the vast roof was a large blocky building with a metal roof , which had the functional look of a power plant , but if so , it was as big as the power plant for a small town .
taken together , the whole complex had a utilitarian quality that reminded thorne of an industrial site , or a fabrication plant .
` ` it 's a manufacturing plant , '' malcolm said .
` ` it 's a manufacturing plant for dinosaurs . ''
but this plant still works .
below the ship , the war - ravaged rural countryside spread out like a relief map , the vacant regions between cities crater - pitted and dotted with the ruins of farms and small industrial plants .
you ' ve had an army plant working here . ''
digital displays , indicating everything from the mean aquifer water - pressure in the west river barony to available power amperage in the hibernating send basin nuclear plant , lit up in brilliant dot - matrices of red and green .
after much searching , marek located a specialty woodworking plant in northern italy , near the austrian border .
yes , over by the dr . pepper plant .
i came out of the nevernever and back into the alley behind the old meatpacking plant without encountering anything worse than spooky ambience .
chapter twenty - one we left the trail again , and for the second time in a day i emerged from the nevernever into the alley behind the old meatpacking plant .
it was like standing in an industrial propane plant with five hundred chain - smoking pyromaniacs double - jonesing for a hit : it would only take one dummy to kill us all , and we had four hundred and ninety - nine to spare .
she worried about the inexplicable decay of the town 's sewer system and waste treatment plant in spite of all the money that had been poured into them , she worried about the impending closure of cloud top , the town 's ski resort , she worried that james rennie was stealing even more from the town till than she suspected ( and she suspected he had been stealing a great deal for decades ) .
he was using a flashlight , because he and ginny tomlinson - now the administrative head of medical services in chester 's mill , crazy as that was - had decided to kill the power to every part of the plant that did n't absolutely need it .
such an enormous undertaking required dozens of workers and carts full of plants .
the rosen spinet piano and electronic organ factory at boise , idaho , does n't attract much notice , since the structure itself , technically called the plant , is a flat , one - story building that looks like a single - layer cake , with a parking lot behind it , a sign over the office made of letters cut from heavy plastic , very modern , with recessed red lights behind .
holding out his hand my dad said , ` ` i am jerome rosen , owner of the rosen spinet and electronic organ plant of boise , idaho .
' here in topeka , the bereaved who are still well enough and strong enough to do so are urged to take their dead to one of three sites : the disposal plant north of oakland billard park ; the pit area at heartland park race track ; the landfill on southeast sixty - first street , east of forbes field .
kansas power and light has announced a ` ` slow shutdown '' of the kaw river nuclear plant in wamego .
although no one in kawnuke 's office of public relations answered this newspaper 's calls , a recorded announcement cautions that there is no plant emergency , that this is a safety measure only .
she always did , but i suppose there was nothing wrong with loving your job ... . ` ` excuse me , '' jai said crisply , aiming over my shoulder down the length of the big chamber in the abandoned power plant .
and i realized that the silence also meant the hostilities had stopped inside the power plant .
that had been the front door ... ) he pulled on the gloves and gingerly took the flask , and the tongs , and the bucket .. and , as an afterthought , he grabbed the plant mister from beside a luxuriant rubber plant .. and headed for his office , walking like a man carrying a thermos flask full of something that might cause , if he dropped it or even thought about dropping it , the sort of explosion that impels graybeards to make statements like ` ` and where this crater is now , once stood the city of wah .. shing ..
he used the tongs to replace the top of the flask , then ( .. a crash from his outer hallway .. ) pulled off the pvc gloves , picked up the plant mister , and settled himself behind his desk .
` ` this is a sainsbury 's plant mister , cheapest and most efficient plant mister in the world .
` ` this is a sainsbury 's plant mister , cheapest and most efficient plant mister in the world .
then the drip on the side of the plant mister reached crowley 's curled fingers , and stopped .
the air plant 's running fine .
tobacco warehouses and small industrial - parts plants - most of them closed years ago - but still squatting in weeds .
the complex must be some kind of combined hospital / medical facility and power plant .
he heard a few guards talking about the power plant , and he followed them , grabbing a radio and side arm from the rack before he left .
the rear exit to the small security building opened onto a small courtyard , and david got a glimpse of the three buildings beyond : the enormous power plant , a building without many windows , maybe a medical facility , and a smaller building with windows and the immari corporate flag flying from the roof - probably the administrative center .
at the entrance to the power plant , an obese guard sat on a barstool , inspecting the ids of each man entering and consulting a printed page on the podium in front of him .
` ` a couple of days , if- '' ` ` mr . sloane , we have an issue in the power plant , you need to see this . ''
include the videos of the man in the power plant and the two girls trying to extract the children .
the rear door of the facility opened onto a small courtyard that led to the power plant , which had clearly taken most of the damage .
another explosion in the power plant filled the air , almost knocking her over .
seeing the carnage outside the power plant forced another thought into kate 's mind : what if david did n't make it out ?
she would search the train , before it got away , then the power plant .
she pulled herself into the car and watched as first the platform disappeared , then the power plant .
directors of several orchid districts , speaking on the condition of anonymity , have insisted that the existing orchid production plants were already set up to manufacture the new drug , and that it will be handed out within hours .
they contained small research labs and the base 's engineering plant .
he had worked one summer at a fish plant in monterey .
the scientist had mapped the entire physical plant of the station .
her left foot slipped out of its plant , gouging ice .
though the power plant was shielded , i could still somehow sense the immense power behind the bulkhead .
but when a coal plant opened in the manchester region and blackened the trees with soot , the white moths found themselves exposed and easy targets for the birds .
he knew from his peek at the castle schematics that the geothermal plant was located in the nether regions of this area .
power plant ?
he noted the vibration and hum of the level 's power plant .
he had blown the whistle again - then tossed it into a potted plant .
` ` an old canning plant , from the looks of it , '' jack said .
in spring of 1986 , reactor number four of the chernobyl nuclear power plant had exploded during the middle of the night .
` ` many open mines , old radiochemical and plutonium plants .
konstantin leaned closer to the map and tapped in the center of a cluster of mines and radiation plants .
the featureless concrete blocks that rose to either side were the original housing for prisoners who worked the mines and refinement plants .
a maintenance worker from the neighboring town of ozyorsk had discovered one of the warren 's decommissioned trucks , one once used to transport waste from a uranium enrichment plant near the shore of lake karachay .
mostly now defunct , the facility had once had seven active plutonium production reactors and three plutonium separation plants .
the chernobyl power plant .
he glanced to the chernobyl plant as the sun sank toward twilight .
` ` the processing plant that poisoned lake karachay . ''
he had taken cover behind a potted plant .
` ` i dropped in on ivar karlsen after visiting the viatus production plant for the drug . ''
` ` the building 's power plant , '' seichan said , joining him .
` ` but i thought you said the plant 's fields were drowned during the great flood .
they did their best to avoid the few industrial plants along the way , sticking to the smaller roads .
they could have set up in one of the manufacturing plants down by the port .
with the plant to save , the dome suddenly felt horribly dangerous .
then the air - recycling plants would start to die , and by the time that happened , the cascade would be too far gone to stop .
he 'd need to find someone with physical plant access codes .
` ` looks like some old service tunnels for the dome 's hydro plant .
all the cutting - edge plant work had been there .
the suction from hundreds of fume hoods venting out to the atmosphere reclamation plants kept a constant breeze blowing against the main doors , pushing the students in and then keeping them from getting out .
he 'd been hanging at his family hole , his mother gone to work at the water treatment plant , his father at a meeting with the grid maintenance group that he oversaw , and neo had stayed home , cutting school for the fourth time in a month .
` ` or an alien power plant failing out , '' murtry said .
process the ore , refine it , send it down to the power plants , then beam the collected energy out . ''
holden was quiet for a moment , riding the miller - bot through the material refining plant as it throbbed around him .
we do know there are power plants in the ocean big enough to damn near blow the planet off course .
in all his life , he 'd seen only one space more impressive - the boeing plant in everett , washington .
frisbees slice through the air and the bright noise of children 's laughter echoes from the plant 's exhauster - compressor building , which has been renovated into a ` ` play barn . ''
he eventually jogged after shallan , shocking the plants closed .
diagrams of buildings or plants or motored vehicles .
only regolith seemed to be in endless supply , but their water and agriculture , their forest industry and metal - recycling plants were all dependent on the space within the atmosphere - and - gravity - controlled domes , and the materials that had been brought up from earth so many generations ago .
he works fourteen - hour shifts in the neighborhood plant 's friction stoves and always comes home rubbing his eyes from the smoke .
you 'll probably either drown while working the water turbines or get steamed to death in the power plants .
john and i look pretty similar , although he 's grown a little stockier from long days at the plant .
i ' m sure john hated working at the steam plant , but at least he got to leave the house and take his mind off things for a while .
it 's easy to pick out where the wealthy sectors border the poorest ones - where the steady light from electricity gives way to flickering lanterns , bonfires , and steam power plants .
john had recently been assigned to work at our local steam plant .
he carried death inside him in the memories of his mother and the ten - foot pyres and the bones along the road and the conveyor belt carrying hundreds into the furnace of the power plant at camp , the dead burned to light their barracks and heat their water and keep them warm .
it seems creepily symbolic , fitting somehow , for this to end at a concrete plant .
` ` i think that was the water plant down by the river . ''
we see soldiers everywhere as we ride , herding townspeople before them , forcing them into bucket - lines to help put out the smaller fires from the first three bombs of last night , the ones that did take out the power stayshun , the water plant and a food store , all still burning cuz new prentisstown 's fire hoses are busy trying to put out the prisons .
at night , mayor ledger tells me the townsfolk still grumble against mayor prentiss , but now there 's even louder grumbles against the answer , for blowing up the water plant , for blowing up the power stayshun , and specially for killing all the spackle .
it includes the landing gear , the fuel plant , and anything else nasa figured it would n't need for the trip back up to orbit .
that 's where the mav fuel plant comes in .
it left the landing gear , ingress ramp , and fuel plant behind .
it takes 20 hours for the mav fuel plant to fill its 10l tank with co2 .
every 20 hours , i 'll have 10l of co2 thanks to the mav fuel plant .
i do n't even have to perfectly match the hydrazine end of it with the fuel plant co2 part .
i hooked up the mav fuel plant to the hab 's power supply .
meanwhile , the mav fuel plant is still working .
` ` swimmingly '' ) i even beefed up the mav fuel plant compressor .
i moved the potato plants back in today .
looks like the fuel plant has been completely removed , with considerable damage to the struts in the process .
remember the mav fuel plant ?
` ` the fuel plant can make 780 kg of fuel from that . ''
also , you 'll need to start electrolyzing water to get the hydrogen for the fuel plant .
once i fed it the hydrogen , i fired up the fuel plant and it got to work making the additional fuel i 'd need .
a few feet away was the entrance to the room full of metal tanks that haven had been taken to when she first arrived at the dome - a miniature water recycling plant for the entire underground complex .
tech world is the hi - tech metal assembly manufacturing plants and factories which is performed by robots and controlled by the citizen technicians while producing bots , appliances , electronics , and star ships .
only in your dreams , starra , you re not a power plant .
i m a power plant .
i used telekinesis to activate the fire alarm systems in three factory plants .
planet tech is a modern state - of - the - art high - tech industrial planet which is an assembly of manufacturing plants and factories performed by and controlled by robots and its robotic mistress , rita .
after the 1932 presidential election , franklin d. roosevelt wins in a landslide then establishes social programs that become known as the new deal aimed at helping farmer and hiring people to build roads and maintain the infrastructure of city sewer and water plants while the us economy peaks at the entrance of the us into wwii .
nia yells then rudely finger points at her big round white analogy scuba diving watch with more microchips and computing power then the huntsville browns ferry nuclear power plant .
we think its a manufacturing plant for the fade virus .
we destroyed the fade processing plant .
i threw my hands out in front of me , trying to brace myself for yet another face plant .
he looked in the direction the sound had come from and spotted david , the older student , squatting under a large pot plant near the bathroom .
just yards from the shore behind a clump of trees , an industrial plant of some kind was visible from the air , but not the ground .
two gents who live in one of the shelters spotted a black airship going into the old thornmocker coal plant .
an airship going into a coal plant does nt seem unusual , said shotgun .
but that plants been abandoned for longer than anyone living has been alive .
~~~~~~ york pulled up to an abandoned coal plant .
they followed the two police cruisers into the plant .
ricochets sent sparks flying , and the occasional wild shot zinged across the plant .
moab police cruisers arrived and cordoned off the abandoned plant .
the sick room had a long examining table and an ugly plastic plant in the corner .
she tucked her shoes behind a potted plant and watched as gary and joey did the same .
i close my eyes and see the high - rise apartment blocks dotted with washing lines , pot plants and heaving with cats to keep out the rats .
marian told me that before she left the castle she discovered his plans to build power plants and mines close to the city .
we lost our home several months ago after the furniture plant i worked in closed up shop .
i work swing shifts over at the plastics plant on bridgeport hill , so i do nt get around to cleaning much .
unless it is the poisonous kind , from a hazardous plant , you know ?
the have - nots were also worked in the city power plants to do the jobs the rich felt like they were too good for .
i also buy a pair of black and gold sandals to go with it , nothing with heels because i do nt want to face plant when i walk .
five years ago this was a thriving neighborhood , before the brewery shut down along with the automotive parts plant that had employed half this area .
he and mike had moved to philadelphia right after graduation to work for mikes uncle who owned an automotive parts plant .
she found them a little ways off , and hers was only five feet from the plant .
the boy rode away and could only make four more stops before heading to the bottling plant .
the front door suddenly opened and a mummy chased a girl in a skanky red riding hood getup around to the side of the house , where she momentarily ducked behind a potted plant .
the site lights had remained on throughout and it was nt long before the tea - hut door was cautiously cracked open and out ventured various labourers are plant drivers , emerging like bear cubs from a darkened cave after a long , deep winter .
of course , the victory was overshadowed by the unceremonious landing , which consisted of an ungraceful stumbling , hopefully windmilling arms and a not so pretty face plant on the scorched grass of hero high 's playing field .
` ` some strive for their own greatness , some have it thrust in their path and some go looking for trouble in toxic waste treatment plants and end up with powers , '' urban raised an eyebrow in the direction of a band of toxic waste punks .
grace cursed and ducked behind a plant pot .
with just my bodyguards , and the drivers provided by the local party , i arrived outside a big engineering plant on the outskirts of the town .
steven shared how amberhill used to lie far away from the noisy world until a wealthy man called olden built his plant next to their house .
somehow the buzz from the shimmering lights overhead and the sound of the hummingbirds around them made steven long for the sound of oldens plant , but he blinked away this thought , and complained about oldens project .
only then he remembered his grueling neighbor : oldens plant .
he looked away from the plants site and lingered for one more moment as the big blue lake .
the massive power plant dominated the scenery here .
the marines continued to muscle their way through the plant brake .
it all went down the same , like a bottle of seltzer water you drank to refresh your thirst when some other schmuck only drank it to save his energy , uh huh , and , yeah yeah , to jerry that would all wash like water at the nearest sewage treatment plant .
you re like your own nuclear power plant !
shinwoo was given one of the food manufacturing plants , introduced to his management staff , then left alone to figure out how to run things .
it smelled horrible , like the first whiff as you passed a sewage treatment plant .
if you mean the plant , i mean what happened in the hallway ; mrs . truance said that it was just a prank .
the only thing that could really have alerted him was the mysterious exploding plant , but i was not even sure if he saw what happened , although it was extremely out of the ordinary .
its got a good power curve with nice nimble handling with a liquid - cooled , 749cc , four - stroke v - twin power plant and an automatic cvt that gives ya the option of high and low range in two - wheel drive and four - wheel drive .
they are made at manufacturing plants all over the planet .
we installed a nuclear power plant and giant electric turbines .
but not everyone can be allowed a nuclear power plant .
you mean your aunt owns the biological engineering plant ?
they should use it in -- in power plants or something ! ''
the prettier plant said .
alberta has some hydro - electricity plants ; however , the iof relies almost exclusively on solar power because our winters are so mild and the summers positively boiling .
with the right medicine plants , he should recover .
will would strip the freezers of their power plants and replace them with filaments powered by pinky ring batteries after they were in place .
another head opened up and a voice was heard from the largest plant .
the largest plant said .
zell , then confronted the largest plant .
it glowed bright like the sun , and released heat from its core to the plant that was now burning into nothing .
did you enjoy my plants ?
a few feet away was the entrance to the room full of metal tanks that haven had been taken to when she first arrived at the domea miniature water recycling plant for the entire underground complex .
but many of the other players , like tim 's father and jeff 's parents , worked up at the cement plant at the foot of the san bernardino mountains and were n't able to make it down in time for the afternoon games .
the plant was one of the largest employers in the area .
small , privately owned manufacturing plants had sprung up , making new clothes , and luxury items .
a semi loaded with ill - fated chickens barreled by in a blast of wind , no doubt headed for the processing plant .
but when you walked by , some of your laundry got snagged on the plant and fell out .
she slipped on her running shoes and locked up her house before hiding the key inside her plant and walking to school .
soon , the electricity will go out if there is no one at the power plants to keep it going .
then nuclear power plants and nuclear waste storage facilities will melt down , and it ll be like chernobyl times a hundred , with nuclear waste spreading all over the place .
oh yeah , and chemical plants that use refrigeration to keep toxic chemicals in a liquid form will explode , and toxic gas will be blown everywhere .
yeah , but there are also a lot more chemical plants and rotting bodies .
at the moment , they were being lifted by the willy - kirk plant along the cliff face .
then again , can you believe were riding a plant to a flying ship ?
not sure if you got my last message , but the solar harvest plant above the mediterranean must have messed up my phone .
they all stepped slowly into the strange willy - kirk plant .
depending on where the plant is outside of alberta , we might have some assets that we could put in place . ''
wizard wandered around the plant , asked for prices on the oxygen tanks , looked disappointed and left .
if it came straight from the power plant it would be too powerful .
he climbed onto the plant box , and we screamed in horror .
isabel was explaining that she intended to write a human interest story on a worker in the power plant -- a day - in - the - life expose .
over twenty surfaced showing me doing a face plant and roll on the track .
a shock wave nearly sends me into a face plant , but i manage to keep moving .
when carina and licia came into the room they were laughing and talking to everyone , when these girls walked into the room they acted like they were the most important people on the plant .
at its centre stood the processing plant , a great caged factory whose job it was to separate the ore from the earth .
this was where the valuable raw materials were loaded on to the barges which laboured downstream for 400 km , all the way to the refining plants south of parbo .
computer controlled gantries selected the ore for certain holds , based on the calculations made at the grading plant , by dr flavins software ; this ensured the different gradations of ore were delivered to appropriate areas of the refining facilities .
we need to get a better look at this , phillip said and started swimming up above the plant .
for the best part of ten minutes , all you could hear was the grunts from the effort it took to free themselves from the plant .
they re firing up the doom speakers power plants two days ahead of schedule .
this is a gromwell plant .
i was accidentally exposed to the gromwell plant .
i remember my father telling me that the shop had once been a munitions plant back in the war , when weapons production had been moved across the mountains to escape japanese bombing .
rahmani spoke but continued to face her plants .
they alternately read lines introducing the first story about a four - alarm fire at a manufacturing plant in a town twenty miles north of boston .
mikhail prokhorov is one of the russian oligarchs who made fortunes from the privatization of the ' norilsky nickel ' metal plant .
if we get eight or nine plants , we could make a gang of money really soon .
just outside this place they re building one of the worlds largest solar power plants .
said carl , going over to the car and removing the items he procured from the solar power plant .
i table of contents the bohannon cemetery petes place the keller range plant mccutcheon meadows cinderella tank st . cecelias beach nelson furniture manufacturing company the corinth author notes the bohannon cemetery ` ` here comes somebody , '' old emmett bohannon ( ` ` bornd dec . 29 1839 , gone frm this wrld july 8 , 1902 '' ) muttered .
the keller range plant the quality control conveyor at the keller range plant started at 7 a.m. sharp .
the keller range plant the quality control conveyor at the keller range plant started at 7 a.m. sharp .
lola could n't hear what he said over the general plant racket , but she knew little jim .
so they were probably still in the plant .
she hesitated briefly , then turned and darted down the aisle beside the warehouse wall into a dark , unused area of the plant toward the old foundry .
rather than clean it up , the plant owners had sealed it off .
` ` okay , maybe we should call plant security .
` ` hey , man , i got contacts in the plant .
chances are they d torn down the old furniture plant long since .
looking around , he could just barely make out what appeared to be an opening to a slightly lighter area , probably a doorway out into the plant .
he quickly put them on and headed back down the hall to where a door on the other side looked as if it might lead out into the plant .
swooze went back to the lobby , hid his stuff under his carpet blanket , grabbed his water bottle , went out the front door and headed right , through the wet weeds , around the plant building .
he just needed to go around the plant quickly to make sure there was no easier , back route into it , no well - worn paths somebody might come along at any time , no camping trailer with a caretaker or guard living in it , that kind of thing .
the back of the plant , though , had much more to look at .
big ducts from the plant back wall led to the tops .
next to the downspout was a loading dock with various rusty old junk on it , probably stuff pulled out of the plant when it closed down .
he stepped inside and looked around at the cavernous interior of the old plant , where flexible sawdust pickup ducts dangled from a tangle of overhead beams , ducts , and pipes .
rather than continue his search outside , swooze went in and wandered around , finding the old locker room , bathrooms and showers , what had been a snack bar before the vending machines had been pulled out , an area with high shelves that looked as if it had been a warehouse for lumber or finished products , all the kind of typical industrial stuff swooze remembered from when he d worked briefly at the auto parts plant in milwaukee .
he found the main door between the plant and the administrative offices up front , the one he thought he d found before in the hall .
opening it from the plant side must have unlocked it .
well , there was still the plant back door he d come in a few minutes ago .
he found the door from the hall to the plant , went through and trotted back across the plant floor toward the corner door .
he found the door from the hall to the plant , went through and trotted back across the plant floor toward the corner door .
the only windows back here in the plant were too high to reach .
he headed around the plant to the driveway and ran through the weeds out toward the distant gate .
and d.c . police were investigating a break - in to a private weapons development plant specifically the site of a much - hyped prototype for a counter - terrorist sniper rifle .
and in d.c . , police have increased security around local weapons stores , research plants , and depositories , as investigations lead into dead - ends as who might have been involved in the recent heist of high - tech weaponry .
they were from a small town that had a chicken processing plant in it and that was all .
i do n't want to work in a chicken processing plant .
their habitat continues to be taken as trees fall to loggers , followed by the ubiquitous palm oil plant .
twenty minutes earlier , he d stopped by randalls philadelphia estate to welcome his friend home after a business trip to their plant in virginia .
he and william hunter owned the plant ed browning had been working at since it first opened eight years earlier .
it d be best if you stay here and take care of things at the plant .
the coughing started after he left the plant , and he needed to call randall .
mr . coulson is going to show me around the philadelphia plant tomorrow morning .
by the end of 1932 coulson - hunter enterprises had closed up their plants in virginia and philadelphia .
the economy was fueled by tourism and we opened a plant there , to give people a place to work .
the plant should be operational within a month , and that will increase the full time population .
fat , whiskered men with watch chains from blat beer arrived from some big northern city , plying skullbones leadership to let them build a bottling plant on the empty lot , and the city fathers were only too glad to oblige .
but this new venture was packaged in boxes , not bottles , and blat no longer needed the skullbone plant .
blat went bankrupt , the owners jumped out of windows , and the former bottling plant fell into the hands of a series of receivers , each also going bankrupt in turn .
fosters was an australian beer , and with the pulse knocking out transport across the tasman sea , the old db beer plant had started back up .
she stuffs her hat and woven acrylic gloves into the coat pockets before hugging her purse to her chest and following him into a large light - filled room filled with various armchairs and 1960s - style macram plant holders suspending spider plants in three corners .
next , the state investigator arrived , followed by plant security and the osha investigator .
his new salary was barely half what he used to make at the nuclear power plant .
daniel wanted to sleep , but his thoughts kept drifting back to his former career at the ironwood flats nuclear power plant .
as a plant mechanic , with no college education , larry made a modest living .
he was able to own his two - bedroom , twelve - hundred square foot ranch house , a mile from the plant .
when he retired , he moved up to la salle to get away from the plant for good .
everybody knew each other , little traffic , clean country air , and no nuke plant nearby .
inside the front cover was a map showing avs principal manufacturing plants across the globe : one in new delhi , one in caracas , another in port - au - prince , one under construction in hanoi .
arena victory pays the workers in its port - au - prince plant on average , eighteen cents an hour .
could arena victory have engineered the collapse of the hog livestock program to guarantee a surfeit of workers for their new plant ?
assembly plants or find a fresh source of abundant cheap labor .
naturally , they have a plant on haiti that employs several thousand islanders .
danny and ron were plant fitters at the ford plant in dagenham and they invested a goodly proportion of their wages on these twenty one matches a season , in the best seats .
danny and ron were plant fitters at the ford plant in dagenham and they invested a goodly proportion of their wages on these twenty one matches a season , in the best seats .
if daves employers at the engine assembly plant knew he was so adept with explosives , they might be nervous .
the unit was strategically placed with easy access to the m62 and the m6 , but the best part of the deal was that the former labour governments business minister had awarded celebrato a grant which meant the rent and rates were subsidised for ten years , and that the printing and distribution plant was provided virtually free of charge .
by ensuring the plant was efficiently organised , celebrato cards could be produced and distributed by just thirty operatives working a three - shift rota .
just a year ago the former british labour prime minister had shaken hands warmly with the marati ambassador as they signed a contract for yet more mining equipment , plant which would be built in the midlands .
encarlo owned a recycling plant that shipped its product to the united states once it was processed , which had provided excellent cover for shipping other items north as well .
the impression by the operatives regarding about the shipment was , it was a power plant of a new type of bomber but further evaluation indicated that china has no program to build any type of bomber .
that plant had been the first sign .
in that he was awarded the job to install two air conditioning units in the plant room and in return , they paid for our flights and hotel rooms to new york .
four hundred miles north - west at the gulfs mouth were the oil refineries and oil and gas turbine engineering plants which had built his wealth .
an explosion interrupts the quietness of the night at a plant in minnesota .
tryon plant was decimated and their capacity for building the new efficient solar cells disabled .
the investigation after revealed the attackers must have had insider 's help since they targeted the most vulnerable part of the plant from the outside , causing widespread explosion that quickly spreads .
but it is far better than when you first showed it to me during our tour of your company 's plant in buffalo .
their networked system has been compromised and their turbine starts to spin out of control causing an explosion in the hydro power plant .
there are leaks reported in some hydro plants and evacuation on various towns are initiated .
power plants start disconnecting their networks .
after the problems in japan in 2011 , we had better be on our toes with these nuclear power plants .
in more than a dozen different areas around the city , large production plants and warehouses started springing up .
most city folk did not notice the larger manufacturing plants being built further out from the cities , some as far away as 20 miles .
by the end of 1980 , many of the new plants were up and runningdesigning and producing electronic prototypes copied from the stolen plans of every company in silicon valley .
the roebels would have been even more surprised if they had visited the main raytheon production plant after the company was purchased from them and found that the same old chinese face was still cleaning floors and still totally invisible to the hundreds who worked there every day .
apart from the board of directors , nobody could see the whole picture , since there were over 38 separate manufacturing plants , all with bogus company names , all producing different electrical components .
u.s . space satellites noticed this rapid growth , but china was starting to grow everywhere , and photos of all of zedong electronics new manufacturing plants disappeared into different files and nobody thought to look at this massive growth - area any closer .
nanjing became a busy city , nearly as rapidly as shanghai , where zedong electronics had another 50 large undercover manufacturing plants , again all under different names and all producing different small electronic products .
the people of nanjing who worked for the dozens of plants around the area were paid a basic wage , just enough not to complain , but not enough to live a better quality life than their countrymen .
many of the people who had once worked for sister plants in nanjing arrived at the small ferry harbor on the island .
marties boyfriend , preston , was a specialist in engines and had rebuilt an old three - cylinder car engine as a power plant for their new ranch as a house - warming gift .
preston and martie were delighted to have maggie and the kids around and preston , ben , and oprah spent their 10 - week visit fixing up all the old engines they could find and converting them into residential electrical power plants ; the young smarts had orders from neighbors in antelope acres for another five complete units .
a spokesman for the plant stated that nobody was in any danger at any time , and there were three new backup systems for this type of problem .
i see she s a p-38 l , built in the vultee plant in nashville , observed the colonel as two , now relieved pilots returned .
all we can find is that the excessive energy caused by the massive outputs of power these nuclear plants are generating is making the strontium in our parts unstable .
zedong electronics did not want to destroy the world , just take it over ; the correct shutdown of the 400 plants worldwide , including plants in china and numerous military mobile nuclear systems was necessary .
zedong electronics did not want to destroy the world , just take it over ; the correct shutdown of the 400 plants worldwide , including plants in china and numerous military mobile nuclear systems was necessary .
they could rip this country and the rest of the world apart and the radiation from over 400 power plants worldwide would certainly kill even the guys who want to take over .
the only obstacles were a series of ivory white windmills that lined the north of the lake just to the west beyond the ford plant and the unions there that had been a large part of the reason the two factions had come to blows .
tire tracks moved out straight from the fence line , but only two moved away and out towards the old steel plant .
the rusted brown steel plant loomed above , broken windows tinted with dust peering down with decades of disinterest .
they neared the brick building that was the old plant facility ; black and broken windows cast toothless smiles down upon the duo .
the roof stood atop three rows of steel beams that lined the plant floor as steel vestiges of greek magnificence .
they followed the outer wall of the plant towards a managers office that stood at the top of two staircases on the far wall .
when they neared the top , eddie caught the end of his gun on the metal rail and the clang of metal on metal reverberated throughout the plant .
he 's at the abandoned bethlehem steel plant or soon will be . ''
he gave a slight nod in the direction of the abandoned steel plant .
the skyway would have been quicker but the route ran right above the steel plant and alex vaughn advised they take harbor drive and then go around the facility along the old ship canal parkway , aptly named for the canal that cut inland and was used to ship millions of tons of steel in bethlehems heyday .
he was a plant at les pouffants .
i run the plants in the valley .
i got a geo - thermal plant at the south end of the sea .
he even took mike on a tour of the geothermal plants .
the power plant , developed by captive scientists , is producing more energy than we will ever need .
i ' ve been wondering what type of power plant could keep working after all these years , '' coulter returned .
i stopped providing my men with river water , substituting it with distilled water from our desalination plant .
looking around they saw no power plant to destroy , just a series of giant metallic cubes .
forget blowing the power plant for now .
moving carefully , the remaining eight americans pulled out grenades , throwing several and exploding the french off the railings on the left side of the power plant cave .
i got the key from underneath the potted plant and entered quickly , leaving the kitchen light off .
with nothing further said , we returned down the hallway to the door leading to the plant .
instead , i hung around outside remaining hidden behind a large plant .
instead , i drove up the road and visited a nuclear power plant .
next to that each building is equipped with its own three - dimensional photovoltaic power plant .
and we also have a small nuclear plant .
he did die in the accident but the plant probably made him unable to drive safely due to hallucinations .
mr . weinstein will be fondly remembered by the many people who had been employed for decades at the textile plant .
while the taliban had succeeded in stopping the opium production for the first time in a century , it was only by beheading anyone found near a poppy plant .
he was given a timeout by moving to the midwest , but the top guys up here never trusted him , thinking he was a plant .
he dug a very small area behind a plant , put in the block of c-4 and detonator and lightly covered it .
he felt certain that if the terrorist continued unchecked , the next step would be a nuclear dirty bomb hidden in one of their bunkers and they would blow up all of manhattan or some other major city or even one of our american nuclear power plants .
reeeal cheap , since you ' ve got all these cheapo ' loans ' to capitalize your plants .
sure , they ' ve got a few auto assembly plants , that steel plant they 'd bought out on the coast , some tv - tube production , chips , vcrs .
sure , they ' ve got a few auto assembly plants , that steel plant they 'd bought out on the coast , some tv - tube production , chips , vcrs .
as a result xyz had dropped about five million last quarter and ( unbeknownst to its workers ) was currently on the verge of closing two of its three u.s . plants and exporting the assembly operation someplace where it could exploit two - dollar labor , a move that would tank just over a thousand american jobs .
first off , she told them , xyz 's damned widgets cost too much not because american workers are overpaid , but because its assembly plants were a candidate for the smithsonian .
as you doubtless know , senator , japanese firms build plants overseas these days primarily to be more competitive in those foreign markets .
now at last we realize that setting up plants here for ` ` co - production '' was merely the foot in the door .
japan would retain the advanced engineering segment of product development , while tossing a few low - skill assembly plants to the u.s . to make us think we were still part of the action .
that conglomerate had produced over fifty thousand aircraft engines during the great pacific war , and , more recently , their new komaki north plant was responsible for the powerful oxygen - hydrogen engines that composed the first stage of the giant h-2 booster .
by directing the energy to a space vehicle , you kept the power plant for its rockets on the ground .
command was at one end , situated behind sealed security doors , and a tunnel from there led down to the power plant , installed a hundred and fifty meters below sea level .
while in america he had developed a taste for the good lifecars , designer clothes , and gold jewelryand then when he came back and went to work at kahuta , pakistan 's top - secret uranium enrichment plant , he had discovered sex .
the power plant was idling now , the superconducting coil in standby mode .
they run from the computer in command , and the power plant down at the other end of the island , right beneath where we are now and .
the only structure visible to a satellite was the telltale concrete cupola and an adjacent environmental - control plant for air filtration .
in 1975 pakistan began acquiring hardware and technology for a plant capable of producing weapons - grade uranium .
between 1977 and 1980 , using dummy corporations and transshipments through third countries , the government smuggled from west germany an entire plant for converting uranium powder into uranium hexafluoride , a compound easily gasified and then enriched .
shortly thereafter , the plant at dera ghazi khan was on - line , producing uranium hexafluoride feedstock for the kahuta enrichment facility , and the kahuta facility was using it to turn out u235 enriched uranium in abundance .
liberating two of those well - guarded a - bombs had required a lot of unofficial cooperation from the plant 's security forces .
their plutonium - reprocessing plant at dimona extracts plutonium from the spent fuel in their research reactor there , and cia claims they ' ve got at least two hundred strategic nuclear weapons .
the entire world knows about your uranium hexafluoride plant at dera ghazi khan , and the kahuta facility where it is enriched using german centrifuges .
it would be like taking a nuclear power plant back in time to the pioneers , they would nt know how to reverse engineer it .
i got a cousin up there that says he can get us a job at the plant where he works .
artists , craftspeople , antique dealers and other retailers had set up shops and studios in the re - done manufacturing plants and warehouses .
for some it will be with us to the plant , we will see if someone will want to adopt him / it .
i will be well hardly i will come straight to the plant of police , and we will make once and for all then the accounts '' .
i have to give around a pair of sniffs , then we will go to the parking lot of the plant to see if there is an auto that the same odor has .
the house destroys you to catch the cat , it appropriates some remote control as if it were his , it makes you leave from your woman it mumbled italo , black as a spazzacamino , while we were walking toward the plant of police .
it confirmed to couple of times still , then it was hissed of hit and it did n't open mouth anymore until we did n't arrive in front of the plant of police .
to the plant now that we do ?
picture one is of a chinese missile manufacturing plant in shirchu , jhiangsu province taken on 11th october .
fifth , trucks originating from a chinese missile plant are unlikely to carry toys .
sui gas plant , target of numerous baloch nationalist attacks was taken out by a prithvi missile carrying a thermobaric warhead .
you saw all the proof yourself , right from the missile plant to its transport to pakistan .
maybe they ve got a rogue employee , suggested ced , perhaps a plant from a competitor who s monitoring results as they appear and , if something is thought to be big enough , simply stealing it .
since he d been let go from the manufacturing plant with a very healthy severance he had determined he was nt working this holiday season , and meant not to until the spring , so late nights themselves did nt necessarily hurt .
daniel was standing in the middle of his street looking down into the valley and in the dream he knew immediately he was looking at the production plant building where he would be speaking to ted and janines contact and likely starting a job .
~~~ exiting the packing plant following his interview daniel wondered why he d bothered to buy a suit at all .
mr . johnson , as daniel fortunately recalled the name just before being let into the office by the receptionist , simply informed him that he was ready for him to start on monday and explained some of the benefits and perks of working at the plant .
eventually , between the evidence at the home , or lack thereof , and a corroborating story from mr . johnson at the packing plant the sheriffs office let him go .
he did still try to work the first couple days , but quickly found mr . johnson was correct : he could not focus on work to even determine what his responsibilities at the plant entailed .
she wished him well and reminded him the plant was going to be closed through the long weekend for christmas .
she stayed on for a short time at the house while he got into the rhythm of working at the packing plant and putting his life in order , but he could not hide the new outlook he had and she soon left him .
instead , after learning a little more about the contemporary conditions of courtship he d settled on another young woman at the plant and started dating her : the secretary to the president of the company no less .
week by week it was a case of finding the money to pay wages and keep the plant open somehow , not knowing whether that week would be the last , or how long the banks would remain patient .
davids old office had been in a shed like construction at one end of the plant , with windows that looked out over the shop floor .
in the short time since he arrived , foster had removed some of the older machinery and dedicated a large section of the plant to accommodation for the growing numbers of office staff .
david had gone along with the idea that it was reasonable to give the clerical types the kind of environment they were used to ; though already foster was making noises about the space being too cramped and needing some sort of corporate headquarters separate from the plant .
-when i floated the company , one of the main reasons was that we could nt afford investment to compete with plant that is being developed overseas .
the idea was that after we went public we d have the cash to make investment in the plant .
plus , andrew tells me that their order book is full , but i have visited their main site as you gentlemen requested , and i have to tell you that if our plant is not state of the art , theirs is a decaying ruin in comparison .
matthew found the offices of cromwell industries much changed since he was last there , though the plant itself looked no different .
i understand you already own a plant similar to this one in the far east .
could you tell me though , are there any plans to invest in replacement plant ?
normally we d be invested for , say , two to three years at most ; and you might not see a return on new plant in that time .
there was a low buzz from the back room the boiler or something like it and a raw kind of half - light , which might have been for the plants and might have been for the sake of it .
john was the boss of the stockton office , mike goes over to his office , a-3 , and puts down his light briefcase and workbook .. spraying his office plant with water , mike turns on his dell dimension 9100 .
what about a spill from a refinery , chemical plant ?
we say we like it ` ` green '' , yet then build more polluting industries and power plants instead of building renewable energy sources .
i ve been stalling on changes to my refinery at houma for nigh on four years now but if i can please the greens and environmentalists and at the same time get the right tax breaks for making the plant environmentally friendly , i m all for it .
well get the hydroelectric plant going .
binoculars brought the water treatment plant at van norman lakes reservoir into sharp focus .
the vehicle settled on its suspension and he could barely control it , so he just kept his foot on the floor and aimed for the piece of fence that separated the sports complex from the water treatment plants eastern perimeter road .
they re shutting down the plant until they can make sure the water is safe .
they drove their rental car the mile or two to the north edge of the fence line surrounding the van norman water treatment plant .
the line connected the whole system together , computers at each critical node control valves , hydroelectric generators , pressure sensors and the water treatment plant in front of them .
they were far away from any of the plant workers usual locations , and the fence line only got checked twice a day .
now , unknown to the plant managers , spooky had access to the computer that ran the whole system .
i will after i go over some plant progress reports .
a few plant managers were with them .
there 's a meatpacking plant run by a friend midway between jefferson and marshall .
jacobs got the name and the number of the man who ran the plant , but only gave the go ahead once he found out that it was still in his jurisdiction .
wait , my plants jessica nudged her ex .
probably most of them worked at a plant somewhere too .
people of vals generation and older still called the massive old jeep plant the overland even though willys had sold the company in the fifties .
the valley was pretty enough but the view was marred by the big glass plant across the river in rossford .
they were building four temporary concrete mixing plants along the route in order to cut back on the distances travelled by those mixers .
water and sewage treatment plants , highway construction , bridges and overpasses , canals , government office complexes .
but then , so would a state university with enough seats for all who wanted to attend , parks that were open year round , every year , and sewage treatment plants that did nt back up for lack of capacity .
ernie eventually drove his tercel down a four - lane road to the atlantis aircraft plant located in the northwestern part of town .
this plant was built in waterford back in 1964 when atlantis aircraft was experiencing a huge growth spurt .
this plant specialized in the general aviation sector and built two and four seater single engines airplanes .
he got out with his lunch bag and thermo , and headed to the huge plant .
chapter 2 thursday morning arrived and ernie parked his car in the parking lot at the atlantis aviation plant .
the town started exploding with growth after atlantis aviation built their plant here in sixty - four , louie said .
after a quick breakfast , ernie got dressed , at a quick breakfast then headed to the plant .
at the plant , ernie walked through the office area in deep thought about the past events .
anyway , listen , i ' m sending you to our plant in kansas for a week .
kenny needs to send me to the kansas plant .
later that evening , ernie entered his apartment after leaving the airplane plant .
though he could easily have afforded the most remarkable of views in all tennessee he instead chose this , a rundown , non - descript , two - story building sandwiched between a junkyard and a ready mix concrete plant .
with a little investigating , and the help of a disgruntled security guard , t. discovered half the plant with the same symptoms .
despite the closure of the general motors fisher body plant and the purchase of the upjohn pharmaceutical corporation by its bigger rival pfizer , the city had made an effort to save its dying downtown area .
a large potted plant was bolted to the floor in one corner .
he was to be at the arm disposal plant at ten that evening .
show them this card and speak in your best german , asking for a tour of the apple cider plant .
` ` that s the plant that destroyed a country ? ''
they are any entity that profits from the plant being illegal : private corrections , big oil , electric , big chemical companies , and a host of others .
` ` because i thought , how could they let some plant destroy democracy ? ''
the others , however , coupled with the investors who were complicit in all this used their influence in washington to make sure the green plant would n't make their industries obsolete .
over the past 80 years they have spent billions on marketing campaigns aimed at demonizing a plant .
to earn extra money , the owner of the plant let him work a few nights during the week to clean up , perform maintenance , and restock the workstations .
he walked out of mr . larue 's office to the balcony that ran around the second floor of the plant .
eddie walked about a quarter of the way along a catwalk that ran across the middle of the plant and sat down to eat the sandwich he had bought earlier .
he had just started eating when he heard a door open and footsteps as a number of people entered the plant .
a muffled explosion echoed through the empty plant .
the sound of the second shot echoed off the high ceiling of the plant , and mr . larue crumpled forward onto his desk .
mcbride and the others were walking across the plant from the other direction .
eddie watched them weave their way through the production lines and out the door on the other side of the plant .
adrian walked into the main plant at about 6:45 and noticed that a few lights had been left on .
` ` i ' m adrian aron , owner of the plant . ''
* * * the trolley stop was about two blocks from the plant .
that afternoon , eddie left the plant at his usual time and went to the trolley stop , where he sat down on the bench .
this thing that happened at the plant a few days ago could look pretty ugly if anything happened , understand , if the cops started digging around . ''
no one answered the knock ; grant was about to break the glass in the door when becky came up with a key retrieved from under the pot plant on the porch .
and in any case , they needed a new fabrication plant it had constrained capacity .
meanwhile , at the secret factory where will sturm worked , the blast tore out almost seven acres of the plant including the warehouse .
they seemed to collapse one by one as more and more of the explosive materials broke loose inside the burning plants remains .
evidently , the government wanted all of the deadly viruses stored at the plant to escape and spread , because the ensuing chaos that these plagues caused would insure even more losses of citizen protections against government abuse and dictatorship .
it is now thought that these came from a secret facility hidden deep inside the manufacturing plant that was destroyed in those bombings .
it is believed that dangerous toxins might have been released in the hundreds by secondary explosions at the plant .
if they had radios or electricity , even , they might have figured they had caught what millions nationwide were infected with , which was a set of diseases unleashed into the atmosphere when the back of the plant broke in half and several sets of viruses were set free .
no poison was found on the farm where the chickens had been raised nor in the commercial processing plant or in the trucks bringing the chickens to the convention center .
the russians are said to have nuclear devices that can pierce any of our hardening armor , but even before you harden the transformer , how do you harden an entire electric generating plant ?
it is where the old missile assembly plant was .
votkinsk missile plant daniil thought aloud .
13 the plant votkinsk , russia night : in northern russia , about eight miles from the votkinsk machine building plant for ballistic missile production , a cold wind swept the late spring snow up against the tires of a twenty - two - wheeler , elongated fuel tanker stopped at the main entrance gate to the votkinsk final assembly plant .
13 the plant votkinsk , russia night : in northern russia , about eight miles from the votkinsk machine building plant for ballistic missile production , a cold wind swept the late spring snow up against the tires of a twenty - two - wheeler , elongated fuel tanker stopped at the main entrance gate to the votkinsk final assembly plant .
13 the plant votkinsk , russia night : in northern russia , about eight miles from the votkinsk machine building plant for ballistic missile production , a cold wind swept the late spring snow up against the tires of a twenty - two - wheeler , elongated fuel tanker stopped at the main entrance gate to the votkinsk final assembly plant .
on their way to the van , they walked past the long abandoned american portal monitoring facility , where at one time , in days long gone by , americans , through the determination of the reagan steel spine , had verified the contents of every russian truck leaving the votkinsk machine building plant .
behind them , lining the roof of a two - story power plant building , was a gathering of crows !
they all had fish processing and freezing plants aboard , able to stay at sea for months and fish from the bering sea down to south america .
the group was in the final stages of planning and carrying out a large - scale attack on a u.s . nuclear power plant a strike that would make 9/11 appear small .
the group was currently putting asset into place to take over such a plant and hopefully cause it to melt down .
omar bashir and his lieutenants had drawn up plans for several attacks , hoping to exploit vulnerabilities , such as the one they believed to have discovered at nuclear plants .
soon , the first fighters would arrive and make their way to chicago where they would meet up before the attack on the braidwood nuclear power plant .
at least two other men with knowledge of nuclear power plants would join the attack though he did not know their names yet .
both men laughed , giddy with the recent developments and the upcoming attack on the nuclear plant , and then discussed how a successful escape could also show other muslims in the u.s . who might contemplate taking action in the name of as - sirat that it was possible to hit america and then get away .
* * * shareef wahed sat in his east lansing apartment and once again went over the planned assault of the braidwood nuclear power plant .
the government accountability office , back when it was still called the general accounting office , had put together a report for congress on nuclear power plant security .
while the u.s . government and power companies running the plants had done very little with that information , as - sirat used it to build its grandest plan .
among other things , gao had found that there were often only a dozen or fewer security staff on duty at these plants .
seeing how many of these people were often poorly trained , the as - sirat planners had felt that overrunning the defenses of such a plant would be the easy part of such a mission .
while it was relatively simple to scout many buildings in the united states because they were so easily accessible to the public , getting information about nuclear power plants was more difficult .
he was not allowed to be part of the operation that did the surveillance of the braidwood plant .
his only job was to learn as much about these plants as possible to figure out how he could force a meltdown once as - sirat had taken over the reactor .
in order to find out as much about braidwood as possible , some as - sirat 's sympathizers with citizenship in countries that allowed them to enter the united states without a visa had been tasked with firsthand surveillance of the plant .
the power company operating the plant had even put a document with emergency measures on the internet , likely hoping to ease the concerns of those frightened of having a nuclear reactor in their backyard .
other documents that had been useful included the personal reports of the as - sirat spies , promotional materials from the plant itself and many more .
omar bashir felt that half that number would be sufficient to easily take over braidwood and defend the plant long enough to complete the task , but he anticipated that not all of the men would make it to chicago .
in addition , even if he did n't manage to melt down the reactor core , he should be able to bypass all security systems and release enough radioactive material into the air and the water to make the area around the plant uninhabitable for years to come .
he would love to see their faces when they found out that he was the one leading the attack on the nuclear power plant .
he did n't know exactly how many men omar bashir would send him but he knew it would be more than enough to take over the plant and hold it long enough for him to carry out his task .
on the american thanksgiving day , a group of as - sirat fighters will seize control of a nuclear power plant .
hassan figured that it was the attack on the power plant .
nasir was one of the men who were to lead the assault on the chicago nuclear power plant , so he had to be one of the first of the as - sirat fighters to arrive in mexico .
as - sirat is planning an attack on a nuclear power plant near chicago .
hassan told the president about how he had planned to kill omar bashir to make pathfinder at least a partial success but changed his mind when he found out about the plan to attack the nuclear plant .
your skin looks like hamburger , your gums are swollen , you re skin and bones , you smell like a chemical plant , and you re sweating like its a hundred degrees out here .
` ` unfortunately , we do nt have the resources or expertise to run a nuclear power plant , so we will eventually lose power . ''
we have no idea what the statuses of the nuclear plants are , so we may be marching to our death .
the castle even had its own state of the art hydroelectric plant .
the team of engineers and scientists he had working on the hydro plant could wait a little while longer .
the family opened its first international bottling plants in barcelona during that time , back in the old countryto pay homage to the lineage .
yelled paul , as he went to pull off the plant .
she stormed out , leaving the rest to gather around the plant .
but he remembered how many touched the plant , and felt safety in numbers .
` ` i guess the difference is that paul asked me out a while ago , before the plant .
that plant is wrong , everything it 's doing is wrong !
he crossed the room to the large model of the plant and the clinic , encased within glass and taking pride of place on a raised plinth against one of the walls .
if it were not for the fact that officially the new gen8tyx plant did not really exist , david felt sure the architect and the building would definitely win awards for modern architecture .
funny place to have a wine - bottling plant , said donna .
i had transferred from the pittsburgh mill to the steubenville plant after my father - in - law died .
i liked my job ; i was a foreman at the sheeting plant , but there was no way i could return to work .
he thinks if he delays trucking it to my plant he can panic me into paying a higher price to keep the cannery in production . ''
the wealthy japanese plantation and fruit cannery processing plant owner , a mr ken yamada , had been doing business in cagayan de oro .
frank pabek , alberts father , worked his entire adult life in a detroit area manufacturing plant .
the stamping plant ran continually , twenty - four hours per day , and six to seven days per week .
all seemed set for him to graduate in four years , without any student loan debt and a pile of money saved from working at the plant .
it was summer break , and he was working extra hours on third shift at the stamping plant .
they suggested the unemployed workers move to the right - to - work , non - unionized plants in other states .
the signs on the building were new ; they now prominently read - remons global plant 7 .
bill continued working at the plant , always finding something to improve in their designs .
bill was unaware of remons visit to the las vegas plant ; that was until karl remons stepped in his office .
they read , under construction remons global plant 1 - research & development center .
when the new plant 1 opened , remons bulldozed the old plant and sold the land .
when the new plant 1 opened , remons bulldozed the old plant and sold the land .
the los angeles plant was the past .
he was in las vegas , at plant 7 , still working as vice president of engineering .
ten minutes later , the pilot landed atop the new building in oakland they had arrived at plant 1 .
bill was left alone on the seventh floor of the new plant .
remons had picked him to run plant 1 .
chapter 16 twenty one hundred miles east of san francisco , plant 37s second shift crew was enjoying their final break of the day .
this was always a welcome relief for the thousands of employees working at the plant .
the plant needed the boilers to finish the remaining weeks work .
they supplied steam heat for all of the finishing operations in the plant .
the plant could limp through the end of second shift .
however , the boilers had to be functional on sunday night , once the plant restarted for its new week .
the mechanical building was the heart of the manufacturing plant .
the heart was connected to the main section of plant 37 by a service bridge .
the umbilical cables ran along the bridge , connecting the larger manufacturing plant to the mechanical building .
the building stood prominently near the rear of plant 37s acreage .
mike had worked at plant 37 for more than twenty years .
ted had also worked at plant 37 for more than twenty years .
i m going to get the main plant shut down and let everyone go home a little early tonight .
of course , he managed plant 1 .
with so many manufacturing plants , there were always problems .
each facility had its own plant manager .
collectively , the plant managers kept the massive remons machine on schedule .
the plant managers , all 148 , were continually one production problem away from termination .
the first monitor had fifty lines , continuously reporting operational status of plants 1 50 .
the second monitor handled plants 51 100 , and the third , plants 101 148 .
this meant twenty - seven of the one hundred forty eight plants were in some kind of trouble .
the plant managers would , in all likelihood , fix the problems .
he was in plant 1 .
the text on plant 1s portion of the board read , work center 73 : excessive pneumatic pressure .
the text on plant 37s portion of the board looked more serious .
they would be at plant 114 tomorrow morning , california time .
plant 114 was located in an asian country .
plant 1 had its own plant manager .
plant 1 had its own plant manager .
samuel halsop was the plant manager at plant 1 .
samuel halsop was the plant manager at plant 1 .
he was also the first employee bill had hired for plant 1 , before its opening five years ago .
-- -- - remons global research & development , also known as plant 1 , was in serious trouble .
get that plant running now !
unfortunately , the call was not the team working on the plant 1 problem .
it was mike bell at plant 37 .
there s no damage to the production plant or any of the inventory .
he was eerily calm , saying , bill , you get that plant running before the inventory runs out .
the side of plant 1 facing the north parking lot was now missing .
the relief of not dying in the plant 1 explosion seemed to have max in a giddy mood .
there was an explosion at plant 1 .
most certainly , he wanted a status report on the mechanical building at plant 37 .
he was standing on the shipping dock of plant 37 .
now , the overwhelming task of restoring services to the plant loomed large over their heads .
mike and ted turned away from the view into the dark night , to see a different dark view into the manufacturing plant .
when an issue arose , her only reporting line was to ed tanzar , the quality director at plant 37 .
the plant manager from world auto just called .
not the second shift manager , the plant manager .
the quality department in a manufacturing plant works like a city fire department .
the finished parts shipped to world autos assembly plant , just a few miles away .
ill make the calls , mike said , shaking his head as he walked away into the darkness of plant 37 .
they had watched earlier as the motorized , robotically driven , camera - laden bomb defusing vehicles surveyed the inside of the plant .
because it hit in the heart of plant 37 .
chapter 28 plant 37 was in a firestorm .
mike had spent the night at plant 37 and was still commanding the recovery effort .
he had spent the past hour briefing phillip zanyer , the plant manager .
phillip zanyer joined remons global in 2005 , after being hired as the new plant manager for plant 37 .
phillip zanyer joined remons global in 2005 , after being hired as the new plant manager for plant 37 .
the old plant manager had retired unexpectedly , packed up , and moved to the caribbean .
as the new plant manager , zanyer was expected to , within twelve months of hire , double the net operating profit at plant 37 .
as the new plant manager , zanyer was expected to , within twelve months of hire , double the net operating profit at plant 37 .
everyone in plant 37 , especially mike , despised phillip zanyer .
ed tanzars career at plant 37 began forty - one years earlier .
after four decades , he had slowly progressed to his current job leading the quality function at plant 37 .
the executive conference room in plant 37 was enormous .
he was listening to the yelling of world auto , across the country , in the executive conference room of plant 37 .
bill clicked off the speakerphone , ending his connection with the executive conference room of plant 37 .
now all he needed was divine intervention for plant 37 and a quick resolution for the labor unrest in plant 114 .
now all he needed was divine intervention for plant 37 and a quick resolution for the labor unrest in plant 114 .
finally , he said , the problems last night , at plant 1 the tanks were full .
he kept going , we used up too much fuel on the plant 1 issue .
inside plant 37 , it was even hotter ; a higher temperature caused by no electricity , and , therefore , no air conditioning .
tempers were flaring in plant 37s executive conference room .
i am the plant manager of remons global , plant 37 .
i am the plant manager of remons global , plant 37 .
you were the plant manager .
then , continuing , i am now in charge of plant 37 .
i am the plant manager .
malete introduced each of the world auto team , along with a brief description of each persons function at plant 37 .
world auto had dropped a full cross - functional management team into what once was remons global plant 37 .
of course , plant 37 was solid red .
you are the plant manager .
until bill sheffords call , he really believed it was possible to hang the plant 37 disaster on bell .
zanyer left his office and walked out into the semi - dark plant .
the press was constructed inside of plant 37 .
mike nodded his head , yes , plant 37 has killed the destroyer , for now .
you really enjoy insulting all of the plant workers , do nt you ?
they have legal control of plant 37 .
i m at plant 37 .
world auto pulled the contract , got a court order , and is now legally running plant 37 .
meet me tonight at the oakland plant .
i want to see for myself the damage , without some plant manager trying to bullshit me .
the plant had some problems last night , and he wants to check on the status .
i m guessing he will fly back to the owner in the helicopter , after he s finished at the oakland plant .
they were approaching plant 1 .
simultaneously , he pulled back on the cyclic with his right hand , stopping their progression , directly over the h emblazoned on the roof of plant 1 .
he arrived at the plant 1 security gate , yelled at the gate to open faster , and then blasted through the parking lot .
the unknown caller would soon be visiting plant 1 .
max climbed in the cockpit , started the helicopter , and the four of them departed plant 1 in the sikorsky .
he will probably leave the porsche at plant 1 .
plant 37 and plant 114 were still red .
plant 37 and plant 114 were still red .
world auto has legal control of plant 37 .
i m going to give them plant 37 .
last night , at plant 1 , i pushed him really hard .
he kept going , the plant can not sit idle .
my team is doing all things possible to get the plant in production today .
malete said , bill , the world auto team is leaving plant 37 , but just for a few hours .
there was a large , wooden framed , and incased in glass , birds eye drawing of the plant , showing at a high level the different production areas in the facility .
the white - collar staff members , just like all other remons global plants , argued the impressive foyer was a motivator for the blue - collar staff .
they argued it made them proud of plant 37 and their individual efforts .
the expensive , impressive foyer served two purposes only : impress customers with bullshit , and enforce the separation between the office and the plant .
plant 37 was a stamping plant , producing all types of complicated steel fabrications for all of the major car manufacturers .
plant 37 was a stamping plant , producing all types of complicated steel fabrications for all of the major car manufacturers .
the plant was one of the largest in the remons global portfolio , both in terms of revenue and square footage .
at over one million square feet , most plant management activities necessitated travel in an electric golf cart .
we have located a couple of boilers capable of supporting the plant .
they are half dismantled and rusting in a derelict plant up in flint .
half the limo drivers in town are out - of - work auto plant workers .
remembering that he wanted to check on bill , and the plant 37 disaster , remons removed the public numbered phone from his pocket .
its plant 114 .
sir , we have twenty - seven other plants there , besides plant 114 .
sir , we have twenty - seven other plants there , besides plant 114 .
the twenty - eight plants are 65 % of our international profits .
we are losing more than two hundred fifty million dollars every day the plants are idle .
chapter 62 bill shefford asked the limo driver to make his first stop at plant 37 .
third , a foreign government had seized plant 114 , and twenty - seven other plants .
third , a foreign government had seized plant 114 , and twenty - seven other plants .
finally , this whole thing with the foreign government seizing twenty - eight plants .
that is , we must have good stock of destroyer product to the world auto plant no later than 6:00 am .
she said , plant 1 is two miles in this direction .
after walking twenty minutes , the women reached plant 1 .
his car was at plant 1 .
i thought plant managers never slept .
max engaged the collective and throttle , lifting the whirlybird from the roof of plant 1 .
he detailed how , after losing his job in michigan , he fought hard to land the plant manager position at remons global and plant 1 .
he detailed how , after losing his job in michigan , he fought hard to land the plant manager position at remons global and plant 1 .
he confessed the plant 1 explosion was his doing .
every few days , max would land the sikorsky on plant 1 , very late at night and mainly on weekends .
the duo would move the fabricated components from the plant to the helicopter , staying up all night working on the installation .
chapter 68 the cab stopped at the front security gate in front of plant 1 .
while the hot drink brewed , he walked along the windows looking over the plant .
it has already been delivered to the plant .
i am certain that plant 37 will be back in operation long before running out of stock .
i m just a production manager in one plant of a hundred and forty eight .
i have a plant to get running and can not afford any further distractions .
mike said , well , i guess we should put the plant back together .
team mpi had perfectly orchestrated the plant 37 disaster .
everything was designed for one goal to take their plant back from remons global .
it later became plant 37 .
i joined him at the plant in 1994 .
the plant was renamed plant 37 .
the plant was renamed plant 37 .
so , you talked your way back into the plant ?
he had one of the toughest jobs , having to build the secret inventory and execute his plant disaster .
from behind the plant pot i smirked , somewhat .
harriett nordquist had done a face plant onto the multi - colored spirit table .
he tried to compensate , but quickly lost his footing on the wood floor and tumbled forward into a big potted plant .
i hesitantly drove up the guard shack that protected the entrance to the plant .
the whole plant has been closed for now .
from the dent in the front bumper , i could tell it was april vandyke , who was the plant supervisor .
when i was here on friday i had nt heard a word about the plant closing .
the replacement was a plant .
one was focused on a previous program plant and was auditory .
the other side of success hit in his second year : his plant polluted worcester , constantly belching black refuse into the air , so much so that residents and college students holy cross sat less than half a mile from his plant complained to the city in protest .
the other side of success hit in his second year : his plant polluted worcester , constantly belching black refuse into the air , so much so that residents and college students holy cross sat less than half a mile from his plant complained to the city in protest .
no longer anonymous to anyone , the city and environmental agencies threatened him with lawsuits if he did not clear up his plants production line .
he returned to the citys good graces when he chose to move his offices from his plant to union station , the renovated train and bus depot .
the city of worcester sprawled under golden sunshine , and cars slid past his plant along interstate 290 .
much like i had done with nantucket harbor , we infiltrated their plant , and our people added the chemical , wright shivered in small doses to the shipment .
jaclyns gps unit told her chillings plant sat on the worcester - auburn line , just off interstate 290 .
plot me an easy location to break into chillings plant .
now her attire helped her : if anyone chose to look toward chillings plant at that very moment , they would have only seen disembodied golden hair floating along .
jaclyn kept the ipad on as she walked closer to chillings plant .
somehow , the icons shifted about as she walked to chillings plant .
jaclyn finally got a better look at what hanson had on , and it was a wonder she did nt shoot him inside the plant .
there s nothing here except the water bottling plant .
yes , he has the plant and his office at union station .
nahir had hired an engineering team from switzerland to design his island compounds power plant : a combination of wind , solar , thermal , and diesel powered generators that ensured he never had to suffer even a moment of discomfort .
in the back was a fenced - in energy plant .
can you meet me at your plant in fifteen minutes ?
mcclintock did nt care about her running them out of inventory , because all they wanted was the energy plants .
if it were only that , too , the sour look that cropped up on everyones face whenever she mentioned his name would have surely never emerged , except maybe for the actual employees of his textile plant .
people do nt give a damn where things are made anymore , he was fond of barking , this , coming from his catbird seat of owning perhaps the only thriving manufacturing plant anywhere in the vicinity , there s no money to be had in this country from cranking things out .
he was aware that they would be driving to the outlying neighborhoods to knock on doors and urge the residents to action , protesting the carmichael asphalt plant near the three way prong of cincy , kentucky , and indiana .
and in such fashion he is able to revive his spirits , for brief stretches , convincing himself he s some sort of local champion for his efforts on behalf of shutting down this plant .
at any rate , it occurs to him often as he s riding in this van to protest an asphalt plant that there might be a contradiction or two lying in wait somewhere .
i m sure if these people would see us they d wonder what the fuck , she chuckles , sitting in the rain smoking as we preach to them about an asphalt plant .
- an engineer , and the company he worked for sent him over to germany not too long ago to inspect one of their plants .
in fact the crew surrounding this plant or this storage facility or this training grounds or whatever the hell it is would seem light , the men down there at once both loose and menacing .
in the three - year span of the new century , he had seen come to pass the inauguration of a new u.s . president , mr . theodore roosevelt ; he had seen come to pass the rumored invention of a humidity - control machine , already in use in a new york printing plant ; he had heard of the miracles of traveling voices and music machines .
and a piece off the mallet , a heavy , gritty concrete and sand tar cup , reminder of the metal shortage and the tar cup plant in homerville during world war two .
she has assured me she can secure me work at the local plant where she is employed , which is some large , modern electricity producing plant .
she has assured me she can secure me work at the local plant where she is employed , which is some large , modern electricity producing plant .
tomorrow , you will accompany me to the plant , and ill introduce you to anya , who runs the uniform station where you will be working .
its a nuclear power plant .
it has replaced the old coal driven plants that were here .
the plant has generated lots of employment and the pay and conditions are good too , stated ilyas .
at the power plant .
it is not known , as yet , how many people have been killed in the blast at chernobyls number 4 reactor , but those working on the plant would nt have had a chance of survival .
the earth machines to dig out the lake were held up by a strike up north at a plant that supplied the replacement blades on the front that moved the dirt .
the power plant , completely hidden from public view deep in the bowels of the mountain , was soundless on the surface and contained innovations completely new to the self - producing energy field .
the power plant , being self - contained she had reasoned , would probably stay on during a category five hurricane , and a feeling of relief washed over her when the door slid slowly shut behind her .
dominex , a georgia based corporation , resides in atlanta in a downtown high - rise building.their manufacturing plant is located south of the city , and covers two hundred and fifty acres .
sam watched him leave.he had no choice about charles being informed of the plant at the ajc.the ceo himself had been involved in the hire and the placement of that individual.he had decided it would be better not to inform him of the phone taps.sam did not trust charless current judgment.if sheila knew about the phone taps because a clumsy ceo had inadvertently warned her , they would have no way of knowing what was really going on.he checked his watch.her home phone had been taken care of while she was at work , and the office phone would be taken care of tonight.sam felt confident that he had covered all the bases.he was tired.making a quick check around the office , he was satisfied that everything was locked and secure.it was time to go home .
the building of our eco - hostel was impeded by the owners of la fortuna dam , the huge hydroelectric plant ten kilometers up the road from our location .
a small group of bats left the tall chimney , which was all that remained of an old plant across the tracks , and flew across the moon .
i worked in a bean processing plant , when a lad .
beginning a few years ago , the regulations have now resulted in the closing of thousands of power plants along with drastic reductions in coal , oil and natural gas output .
the last of the coal fired plants in that region were shut down six years ago .
` ` we need large emergency tax increases , new fees , increased tariffs , and we will be raising the rates on electricity from the hydro plants we still control .
about 133 hydro plants in total .
also , they ' ve restarted their oil wells and refineries and they 're starting to fire up the old coal electric generating plants that epa shut down . ''
a common occurrence since the progressives closed the baseline coal , oil , gas , and nuclear power plants .
` ` the one that runs under the campus to all the buildings from the steam plant and heats this place all winter . ''
jim , in the driver 's seat , flips it on and they race through the subterranean network towards the steam plant .
the air grows perceptibly warmer as they near the steam plant .
it 's used to deliver coal to the steam plant .
` ` is that the door to the steam plant ? ''
` ` no , the back of the steam plant is below the grade .
` ` yep , '' says jim as he unlocks the door to the steam plant then carefully peeks in , just in case someone is there .
pity we ca n't get anymore since that the progressives seized the steel plant . ''
indistinct forms move in the distance , looming between the starry circles of lamp posts and the far impressions of flood - lit docks revealing the skeleton of the gas processing plant and the huge softly seeping forms of ships at berth .
the yellow grassy weeds grew only on the landscape property of tva ( tennessee valley authority ) where the local nuclear plant was based .
the city was incorporated on october 19 , 1887 and named from a steel furnace production plant located nearby .
on codys first reported professional day of work , a loco nut stole a lunchbox - sized case of radioactive platinum from the huntsville nuclear plant in huntsville , alabama .
she was making good money , but not enough to afford the high priced housing near the plant .
she could keep her job at the plant .
she locked it and threw the key into a nearby potted plant against the wall .
there s been another delay getting the injunction against plant 18 .
this is the third time you have failed to legally cripple plant 18 .
where are we at on plant 18 ?
what the hell is happening with plant 18 ?
who is the attorney leading the plant 18 injunction ?
three months earlier , rpw had taken over 148 plants of remons global .
they had immediately divested the international subsidiaries ; a total of 117 plants ; selling the plants to remons international partners for one dollar .
they had immediately divested the international subsidiaries ; a total of 117 plants ; selling the plants to remons international partners for one dollar .
he was killed in an accident in the plant .
he asked , i m having trouble with plant 18 .
karl remons had given him responsibility for the newest plant at remons global .
even today , he was still impressed with the daily happenings in the plant previously known as remons global - plant 1 .
even today , he was still impressed with the daily happenings in the plant previously known as remons global - plant 1 .
the plant was running at almost full capacity ; twenty - four hours a day and seven days per week .
the plant produced complex assemblies used by aviation , aerospace , automotive , and industrial machinery manufacturers around the world .
the plant is running at full capacity , and we still are nt generating enough contribution to cover the overhead .
even before albert was fired from plant 37 of remons global in 2008 , roland had contacted bill to solicit help for alberts then idle dream of destroying karl remons .
it was just after that meeting when albert , lawrence , and sam were fired from plant 37 .
bill needed a plant manager for the soon to open plant 1 in oakland , california , so the timing was perfect .
bill needed a plant manager for the soon to open plant 1 in oakland , california , so the timing was perfect .
bill hired sam as the plant manager and moved him to oakland .
he had full authority for plant 1 .
out of work automotive stamping plant employee turned vigilante .
the ride ended rather abruptly however as the power plant to the whole contraption shorted and sparked profusely .
big nuclear power plants .
would nt you want the power plant by your home to be as efficient and produce even a fraction of the energy found on the sun ?
unlike fission reactors and other power plants that generate steam which is captured to crank turbines and produce electricityvery inefficiently i might addfusion reactors on the other hand combine two isotopes from the hydrogen element and from that generate a tremendous current .
he does nt invest in companies in which he does nt have a significant managerial role , and at the moment that s only lanfeng mining out here and a couple of chemicals plants in anhui .
had good marks at university and got appointed to run a state - owned fertilizer plant in anhui .
i ve heard some speculation of a nuclear power plant capable of producing enormous power , safely away from populated areas .
for a moment he did nt see anything , just the sidewalk , some trees , the billowing white smoke of the power plant beyond , the darkening sky above .
if the map on the box was true , then it was certainly more than just a simple steam tunnel stretching out from the power plant .
they re probably connected to the sewers somewhere , but i think they re mostly service tunnels running from the power plant .
probably runs from the power plant to juggers and the field house .
he wondered if that distant light was coming from the power plant .
he nodded toward the power plant and then handed her the spray paint can .
he shined his flashlight farther up the tunnel toward the power plant and caught sight of an iron gate blocking access to a passage leading to the right .
it reminded him of his first job off the farm : he cleaned the floors of a packing plant .
so i kept up that routine for a while , having him get me drinks , pouring them out in the plants , dodging his advances and hoping like hell i could leave soon .
i heard some other folks say he used to work at the wax plant in town ; back when it was booming .
when tom and mary reached the bridge crossing bird creek , tom did indeed slow to the speed limit ; slowly making their way around the corner by the wax plant toward main street .
the celebration day in barnsdall ; kind of like a carnival to celebrate the town 's former name of ` ` big heart '' ; that is before it got blown away by a tornado way back when and then later sprang back up to be ` ` barnsdall '' , named after the fella that opened the wax plant .
it was dead silent except for a soft hissing sound coming from the plant back down the road .
satellites can blast their weapons down onto cities and armies , destroying dams , electric power plants , or battalions of soldiers .
he would upgrade the fresh and wastewater treatment plants , the electric power lines and distribution system , and remodel abandoned buildings .
he upgraded the electric transmission system by investing trillions in building brand new coal and nuclear power plants .
expansion into south america president davis inspected a new saltwater treatment plant at puerta vallarta , mexico .
this new plant converted millions of gallons of salt water into fresh water for the residents of guadalajara , mexico .
water desalination plant also pumped water further inland , converting barren deserts into thriving , green forests and agricultural lands .
water plant had several large storage tanks that towered five stories tall .
whole plant resonated and hummed from the sound of the powerful electric pumps .
later , it was discovered that he had been severely punished by demotion , reassigned to work in the sewage treatment plant .
the blast compressed the reactor floor twelve feet into the ground as temperatures within the plant reached 3,000 degrees centigrade .
thirty - one people were killed instantly , as a result of the initial blast ; the number of people who died in the subsequent years , as a result of acute radiation sickness and fatal diseases directly linked to exposure can only be estimated , but certainly ran into the hundreds of thousands , and this despite mass evacuations of people within a thirty kilometre radius of the plant .
since the 1980s kims father had been purchasing technology and expertise with the intention of developing a nuclear capability on the eastern frontier of the pacific rim , a situation that was to draw the attention of the international atomic energy agency in 1991 , which declared that they suspected north korea of constructing nuclear weapons at its reactor plant at yongbyon , north of the capital city .
eun - hae would soon be able to afford one of the swish new places overlooking changsan park : that was where all the new elite lived ; politicians , media personalities , managers of the manufacturing plants .
lee was about to begin to tell eun - hae about the events of his own nights labour , stopping himself only just in time : the temperamental mechanics of mixing plant number two was hardly the stuff of scintillating small talk .
it would have needed something like a major hollywood film idol to be caught up in an insider trading shares scandal that went belly up when mancala stockprices crashed due to an earthquake wiping out their major manufacturing plant , for the new electronics giant to really capture significant media up time and so indelibly make its mark on the public consciousness .
we found an underground uranium plant just outside of yazd , along with an arsenal of biological shit .
the welchs plant was one of the towns leading employers , but things had been kind of sketchy over the past year or so as some jobs had been migrating to massachusetts from western new york .
the plant had been an institution in the town since the late 1890s .
he liked working at the plant and considered the people that worked there his second family .
dave had been working at the welchs plant for almost twenty years , and he was a supervisor on the production floor .
i m no thief , i bought that deck last summer with money i made working at the welchs plant .
he had lost his job at the plant and could nt find steady work .
* * * * it was lunchtime in korea and the plant was relatively empty , the line shut down for the food break .
his co - workers wished him a pleasant vacation as they left the plant for the night .
he was having trouble breathing and felt feverish , probably had picked up the flu from someone at the plant .
downtown westfield is a ghost town since the plant shut down , there are rumors that the hospital might be next , which would devastate the town .
the news was a bit encouraging , the korean government has isolated the source of the virus to a local coke plant and all of the infected bottles appeared to have been sold in the city of seoul , so the breakout was most likely localized to the city itself .
inside the interrogation room steve was asked about the contents of all the live smallpox and he confirmed that it was all in the spheres with them , with the exception of the batch that was sent to korea , which was all used in the bottling plant attack .
once cancer is cured , once aids is cured , once we have lightweight carbon steel , hydrogen engines , clean nuclear plants ... then what ?
a heavy thud sounded from the forward end of the plant and a twenty - foot long oak tree trunk hit the belts .
as joe scanned through all the documentation on the plant , he came across something that seemed almost too coincidental .
and thus through this plant a tie to oleander enterprises ?
` ` i got ' i m on at the plant .
i hear some of the boys are already makin ' calls , tryin ' to get on at the buick plant .
your father has talked to jimmy dale , and he can get him a job at the buick plant in flint , michigan .
your father 'll work in the buick plant with jimmy dale .
` ` jimmy dale 's holdin ' a job for me at the buick plant , '' my father said .
` ` works at the carburetor plant in karaway . ''
works at the furniture plant west of town . ''
he was a foreman at a plant in booneville .
they must have a physical plant somewhere .
a remote plant for manufacturing . ''
` ` i was hoping to follow someone over to the manufacturing plant . ''
the third address was for the electronics manufacturing plant .
there was a whole section showing remote telephone extensions out there in the manufacturing plant .
they had driven all around the plant on a two - block radius , for a fuller picture .
the original development engineer up at the highland park plant was now the quality control manager and he had started showing signs of severe stress .
so they pieced together half - remembered fragments of the manufacturing plant 's highland park address and headed in that direction .
* * * ford builds crown victorias at its plant up in st . thomas , canada , tens of thousands a year , and almost all of them without exception are sold to police departments , taxicab companies , or rental fleets .
a metabolism like a nuclear plant .
he drove it to the zec 's house , which stood eight miles north and west of town , next to his stone - crushing plant .
the plant was a forty - year - old industrial facility built on a rich limestone seam that had been discovered under farmland .
the stone - crushing plant shut down at seven every evening and sat brooding and silent until dawn .
the stone - crushing plant would conceal his staging area and leave him only two hundred yards of open ground to cover .
the north monitor showed a glow from the crushing plant .
franklin used an online map and figured out that the address john mistrov had spilled related to a stone - crushing plant built next to a quarry eight miles north and west of the city .
then he searched the rolls all over again and found that the only other real estate registered to the trust was a house on the lot adjacent to the stone - crushing plant .
the northern part is the stone - crushing plant and the house is south of it .
` ` southwest corner of the gravel plant , '' reacher said .
it went behind the skeletal tangle of machinery in the stone - crushing plant .
reacher led the way through the dark , four people single file on the edge of the blacktop with the gravel plant 's high wire fence on their left and huge circular fields across the road on their right .
they drove on through the beautiful little banana port of oracabessa and ocho rios with its huge new bauxite plant , along the north shore to montego bay , two hours away .
` ` trouble down at drax 's plant last night , '' he said .
two men from the moonraker got shot in a public house near the plant .
the air held no smell of the sea - it was the canned stuff that comes from an air - conditioning plant .
he had a warehouse and a small plant and a staff of three for soil testing and plant research .
there was a distant , muffled sound of hammering , and , behind the sound , the faraway iron pant of the power plant .
it was like the huge panting power plant in the other part of the factory but , in his case , it was slowly decelerating .
briefly , the town is supplied with all drinking and other water - supplies by two wells and two filter plants yielding just under seven million gallons per day .
this gentleman has been pleased to accept a visit from the superintendent and deputy superintendent of the tokyo municipal waterworks who wish to study the workings of a plant of this size for installation in a new suburb planned for the environs of tokyo .
the substance that will be inserted in the water supply , outside the filter plant , will be a highly concentrated form of gb . '
we were just getting ready to go back to pete 's place when he saw a guy he knew slouching down toward the steam - plant parking lot .
i started over in their la habra plant , and when i hurt my leg - in a car accident - and could n't walk so good , they moved me to security .
then when they opened the torrance plant , they moved me over there .
my wife got a job in the torrance plant , too .
they control their profits by overpricing the japanese subcomponents that their american assembly plants import .
now , with the threat of the hun over , the automobile plants once again turned their energies to retooling for motorcars .
there were frequent stories and photographs of him meeting with a prime minister or a president , opening a new pharmaceutical plant in bombay , mountain climbing , dining with the shah of iran .
the administration building was a twelve - story modern glass structure , towering over a nest of research buildings , manufacturing plants , experimental laboratories , planning divisions , and railroad spurs .
` ` the first thing we 'd better do , '' rhys said , ` ` is take you on a tour of the plant here .
they visited the manufacturing plants , the research departments , the toxicology laboratories , the storage plants .
they visited the manufacturing plants , the research departments , the toxicology laboratories , the storage plants .
and she realized she was seeing just one roffe plant .
in chile a chemical plant owned by roffe and sons had exploded , sending tons of poisonous materials spouting over a ten - square - mile area .
this is the security guard at the plant .
elizabeth and rhys were at the roffe and sons factory on the outskirts of rio , seated in the office of the plant manager , senor tumas , a middle - aged , frog - faced man who perspired copiously .
dh holdings owns an internet bank and '' - he consulted his notes - ` ` a coffee - processing plant in brazil .
` ` i also noticed that two of the companies , the mine and the coffee plant , belonged to kruger - brent . ''
the pilot file a flight plant ' course , monsieur . ''
constantin demiris controlled a chain of newspapers and airlines , oil fields , steel mills , and gold mines ; spyros lambrou had insurance companies , banks , enormous amounts of real estate , and a chemical plant .
` ` i have a manufacturing plant , mr . demiris .
one morning , when tanner arrived at the plant , andrew was still there .
he started a small manufacturing plant in new orleans and built it up into a fairly large company in its field .
by 2:15 the truck would drive through the gates on its way to the nearby town where the laundry plant was located .
he was known around the plant as ` ` the fixer . ''
he had an obsessive personality , and the word around the plant was that he was fixated on ashley .
` ` when i ' m back in california , i 'll get a job at one of the computer plants there .
she tried to remember what she had been told about defectors : ` ` many of them are soviet plants .
he would have asked kate to entertain the visitor , but she was on a tour of the company 's plants in north america with brad rogers .
david took the train to johannesburg and made an appointment to see edward broderick , the owner of the largest meatpacking plant in south africa .
at four o'clock that afternoon david returned to the packing plant .
the company had started with a small steel mill in essen , and over the years had expanded into a huge conglomerate , with shipyards , petrochemical plants , a fleet of oil tankers and a computer division .
` ` i gladly accept this tribute not for myself , but for all those who have worked so hard to lighten the burden of those who are less fortunate than we are ... '' her mind was drifting back forty - two years to gary , indiana ... at eighteen , ellen dudash was employed at the scott industries automotive - parts plant in gary , indiana .
` ` scott industries is thinking about opening a huge electronics plant .
` ` and you have not decided in which country you wish to open this plant ? ''
he spoke to a large crowd at the kentucky kingdom thrill park and headed a rally at the toyota motor plant in georgetown .
the offices and production plant of the phoenix star were smaller than leslie had anticipated .
there 's no reason for a single one of your plants to be shut down .
i 'd like you to take her on a tour of the plant . ''
` ` are you interested in seeing the printing plants ? ''
the printing plant was four stories high and the size of four football fields .
the manager of the plant , a mr . paul moretti , had been tracked down and pulled away from a pre - christmas party to answer some questions .
` ` this plant grosses over five million dollars a year , '' de - marco said proudly .
it 's owned by the five star corporation - the same company that owns the meat - packing plant .
well , ratzlaff thought to himself and wanted to say aloud except that he very much treasured his job , let 's start with the fact that our company built a pesticide plant in podunk , mississippi , because the land and labor were dirt cheap , then we spent the next thirty years dumping chemicals and waste into the ground and into the rivers , quite illegally of course , and we contaminated the drinking water until it tasted like spoiled milk , which , as bad as it was , was n't the worst part , because then people started dying of cancer and leukemia .
it ran for a hundred pages and described in gruesome detail the company 's illegal dumping of toxic waste at the bowmore plant .
she could hear the fancy experts krane chemical had brought in at trial to tell the jury that , yes , there may have been some minor ` ` leakage '' over the years at the bowmore plant , but not to worry because bichloronylene and other ` ` unauthorized '' substances had actually been absorbed by the soil and eventually carried away in an underground stream that posed no threat whatsoever to the town 's drinking water .
` ` krane was the biggest employer , and for years there had been rumors of dumping around the plant .
if not for the lawyers , krane would still be here manufacturing pillamar 5 and dumping its by - products in the pits behind the plant , and no one could hold them accountable . ''
` ` instead , they are now in mexico- ` ` ` ` oh yes , manufacturing pillamar 5 and dumping its by - products in the pits behind the plants .
` ` let 's go see the plant . ''
the krane chemical bowmore plant number two , as it was officially known , was in an abandoned industrial park on the east side of the city limits .
the plant was a series of flat - roofed cinder - block buildings , connected by massive piping and conveyors .
like a prison , where bad things happened , the plant shut out the world and kept its secrets buried within .
mary grace had visited the plant at least a dozen times during the litigation , but always with a mob - other lawyers , engineers , former krane employees , security guards , even judge harrison .
a large , decaying sign identified the plant and its owner .
from the north side , a long row of thick metal cylinders was visible in the midst of the plant .
and they certainly denied it when the plant was investigated by the environmental protection agency and the u.s . attorney 's office .
earl crouch , perhaps the biggest liar of all , had been relocated to a krane plant near galveston .
the class action claimed to include ` ` over three hundred '' victims injured in various ways by the gross negligence of krane chemical at its bow - more plant .
` ` every redneck who ever drove by the plant down there is suddenly a plaintiff .
there were photos of the town , desolate and boarded up ; photos of mary grace peering at the razor wire outside the krane plant and sitting with jeannette baker under a shade tree , each holding a bottle of water ; photos of twenty of the alleged victims blacks , whites , kids , and old folks .
there used to be a chemical plant here , krane chemical , buncha smart boys from new york .
for many years - twenty , thirty , forty , depending on who you believe - they dumped all kinds of toxic crap - pardon my language - into some ravines behind the plant .
there was a man named earl crouch who ran the plant for many years .
she found the abandoned industrial park , then the krane plant , gloomy and haunted but protected behind the razor wire .
gatewood was an industrial engineer who had worked at the krane plant in bowmore for thirty - four years .
during his three - day deposition , he steadfastly denied any dumping at the plant .
he refused to believe records that showed tons of toxic by - products had , in fact , not been hauled away from the plant , but had simply gone missing .
he laughed at incriminating photographs of some of the six hundred decomposed bcl drums dug up from the ravine behind the plant .
three plants shut down for major , unscheduled repairs .
a plant in brazil closed for undisclosed reasons , leaving its two thousand employees out of work .
justice albritton was not , and he finally asked , ` ` mr . kurtin , excuse me , but were there any other factories or plants in this general area that manufactured pesticides or insecticides ? ''
and with all of your experts did you find any other factory or plant where bichloronylene , cartolyx , or aklar was processed and/or disposed of ? ''
all fourteen plants were running at full throttle .
he scooted off the bench and was almost out of the booth when plant blurted , ` ` he 's got the video . ''
` ` there 's a helicopter plant in flint , d - l trilling .
britt was shaking hands in the rain at the entrance to a chemical plant in michigan .
the cameras caught up with aaron lake outside a plant in marietta , georgia , shaking hands in the dark as the shift changed , and when asked about events in cairo , he said : ` ` sixteen months ago these same criminals bombed two of our embassies , killing thirty americans , and we ' ve done nothing to stop them .
he delivered this summary like a proud plant manager showing off the latest in automated machinery .
this was his third plant of the night , and he had one more , at another movie house where they showed old - fashioned heterosexual pornography .
it blew away a million shacks and cardboard huts , and now we 'll rush down with a couple of billion and build new homes and power plants .
` ` we ' ve got some problems , but the khamel story was a plant .
thorvaldsen heard the running steps at the same moment he spotted gary bolt from the plants and tackle alfred hermann .
tommy described his dream : he was at a keg party , then he was sitting in a pickup truck with two other men and a girl , out by the old power plant near ada where he grew up .
featherstone stayed in the room , and as soon as the door closed , smith lunged at tommy , yelling , ` ` you , karl fontenot , and odell titsworth grabbed that girl , took her out to the power plant , raped and killed her , did n't you ? ''
get in the car , drive out to the power plant west of town , and look for the body .
there was an old burned house on the right as you approach the power plant .
somewhere in the vicinity of the power plant and the burned house there was a concrete bunker .
the details on the location of the body were vague , but the detectives felt sure it was hidden somewhere near the power plant .
he , karl fontenot , and odell titsworth kidnapped denice haraway from the store , drove out to the power plant on the west side of town , raped her , killed her , then tossed her body somewhere near a concrete bunker out by sandy creek .
he drove out to the power plant .
i wrote to the glass plant , his former employer , and to the decedent 's former employer . ''
a strike had hit fiat , crippling production at the automaker 's turin plants .
he worked in an electrical equipment plant ; mom worked as a receptionist at a doctor 's office . ''
then one day she ended up talking to some people at the plant - it might have been a bake sale at the school , some event like that - and , well , i did n't put it together right away , but i guess she was led to understand that the plant was only keeping dad on the payroll in the first place out of kindness .
then one day she ended up talking to some people at the plant - it might have been a bake sale at the school , some event like that - and , well , i did n't put it together right away , but i guess she was led to understand that the plant was only keeping dad on the payroll in the first place out of kindness .
whenever i thought about nuremberg , all i conjured up were the world war two trials , beer , and chemical plants . ''
this plant , with crude but serviceable viaducts , was built by the beauvais dynasty for the purpose of capturing the water and sending it out to their fields and gardens .
they are influential men who siton the boards of multinational corporations that dealin products and technology ranging from the buildingof dams to the construction of nuclear plants ; inbetween are a hundred likely subsidiaries throughouteurope and africa which could easily expedite salesof armaments .
that future includedconsiderable real estate holdings and a verysuccessful meat - packing plant all in the process ofbeing sold .
i have personnel ashore that i 'll need to recall , and my engine room crew will need time to heat up the plant .
` ` you 'd have to have access to a manufacturing plant or one of their sources , '' kim said .
` ` the construction of a uranium enrichment plant is massively expensive .
these jets were so out of date , the chengdu plant had stopped manufacturing them more than a decade ago .
by 1722 the first copper - smelting plant was established and a town began to stretch its bones , groaning around the plant and the quarry , a vice- and crime - ridden machine to service and house exhausted workers .
by 1722 the first copper - smelting plant was established and a town began to stretch its bones , groaning around the plant and the quarry , a vice- and crime - ridden machine to service and house exhausted workers .
soraya felt amun beside her as if he were a small nuclear plant .
the moon of hormuz had successfully docked at the lng terminal and the cargo of the highly compressed liquid was being piped from the tanker to onshore containers where it would be slowly warmed , expanding to six hundred times its present volume so it could be used by individual consumers and utility and business power plants .
in the lower left - hand corner there was a column in small print people 's printing plant number 72 .
bourne wondered how many hundreds of thousands of such signs had been made by printing plant 72 .
narcotics from uncountable hills and fields that could not possibly be patrolled ; weapons from subsidiary factories set up through graft ; textiles from hundreds of underground plants using stolen machinery and peasant labour crippling those industries in the west .
instead , it was in a dead - end alleyway around the corner and across from a long - since - closed factory whose faded signs indicated a once flourishing metallurgical refining plant in what had to be the ugliest part of the city .
she checked the access and control panel , then finally , at knee - level , the power plant .
the advent of newer , cleaner units , coupled with the outcries from environmentalists , were enough to close the plant in the early 1990s .
the perimeter was well lighted , the halogen lamps giving a winterlike glow to the deserted parking lot in front of the plant .
the virginia water and power plant had that peculiar feel about it ... used but not in use .
drake had been flown to the plant by helicopter .
getting here so quickly had allowed him to familiarize himself with the plant 's layout , choose the killing ground , and find a vantage point from which to observe smith 's entry .
` ` just outside the plant .
it took sergeant patrick drake five minutes to cover the one - mile hiking path through the woods between the power plant and the deserted recreational area where he 'd parked his vehicle .
frankly , at first , we thought she was a dunstone plant .
but he did not accept holcroft 's vague concern that alison was a warfield plant .
` ` blanchard will have a little over two billion dollars in payments wired electronically from many countries as well as america the instant the first shipment leaves the plant . ''
he had it installed to connect to the plant and to the local studio for making publicity and inspirational videos and live broadcasts .
most of its projects were outside the united states ; along with larger corporations such as bechtel , vivendi , and suez lyonnaise des eaux , it contracted for projects like dams , wastewater treatment plants , and gas turbine power stations - unglamorous but necessary infrastructure .
it turned out to be a narrow room that was lined with electrical panels ; lcd displays measured outputs from the airport 's heat and refrigeration plant , which was just to the east of the terminal .
in bunkers carved into the rock were computers that stored the plans of electric generator plants , petroleum refineries , airports , railroads , military installations in scores of countries .
the biggest single employer was a former paper plant that now produced glazed bricks and did a side business in unrefined mineral byproducts ; about a dozen men spent their working hours bagging potash .
a few wisps of fog rolled over hunter 's point , the nearest part of west queens , where an ancient pepsi - cola neon sign still blazed , as it had since 1936 , atop a now closed bottling plant , like an amulet warding off enemy incursions , or real - estate developers , and notably failing .
when janson peered out from the secretary - general 's antique telescope , he found jessie precisely where he had stationed her : across the east river , her rifle positioned on the roof of the old bottling plant , directly beneath the mammoth neon letters .
the hannas plowed their profits back into the plant and equipment , and into the community .
his father was one of the founders , and marcus had spent his life at the plant .
taking the $ 5 million from babcock 's client , the company could add about $ 2 million in cash currently on hand , funds that were earmarked for plant and equipment .
it 's a drive to collect money for the families laid off out at the plant . ''
` ` no , the plant 's always been well run .
they worked at the hanna plant , according to the chief of police in reedsburg .
they bought an asphalt plant , a redi - mix concrete plant , and gravel pits around the northern part of the state .
they bought an asphalt plant , a redi - mix concrete plant , and gravel pits around the northern part of the state .
in chicago , meat - packing plants , sporting enterprises , and real - estate developers will be in limbo , no hard money available .
but nobody wants those plants within a hundred miles of their districts , so where are we ?
they 're vultures , buying up every processing plant in sight until they own it all and can dictate the markets ! ''
` ` the technological advances in computerized , multi feed print operations make it irresistible ; one plant can service a minimum of six newspapers , tomorrow a dozen , with totally diversified copy .
and not the pattern of a working woman , but easily that of an mi-5 plant .
the fbi team watched their screens with disbelief as the western states ' massive complex of power plants and transmission lines throbbed back to life .
he owned , outright , the world 's largest aluminum plant .
' well , yes , we do , but two hundred and ten thousand dollars ... is it a new plant ? '
a private network of telegraphic communications was set up between the new york offices and each plant , factory , yard , and subdivision office .
asked the youngish plant manager in elizabeth 's study one saturday morning .
' that dirty little irish son of a bitch is an excellent plant manager . '
' the physical plants - his offices - are , no doubt , within empire territories or protectorates . '
now , however , they had ordered a complete report on the excess malfunctions of the plants .
giovanni vignelli , the great italian industrialist out of turin , automotive magnate , his massive plants supplying the italian military , diesel engines , railroad cars , airplanes .
along the waterway were warehouses and meat packing plants .
you got united engineering and foundry building the stupino aluminum mill outside of moscow , the most advanced aluminum plant in the world , fancier than anything you americans have back home , to make those bombers .
you got general electric selling turbines and turnkey power plants to the commies ; you 're building steel mills and blast furnaces and bloomin ' steel plants bigger than what you yanks got in gary , indiana ; you got ... ah , i do n't even know what i ' m talking about , metcalfe .
you got general electric selling turbines and turnkey power plants to the commies ; you 're building steel mills and blast furnaces and bloomin ' steel plants bigger than what you yanks got in gary , indiana ; you got ... ah , i do n't even know what i ' m talking about , metcalfe .
then hitler 's men will see that this was no soviet plant .
it appeared to be an industrial facility of some kind , probably a giant munitions plant .
siemens 's kraftwerk west facility was nearby , as were the aeg plants , telefunken 's radio - communications factories , the alkett tank - production facility , and the maybach engine factory .
the british used crude versions of them , called smudge pots , to hide the vauxhall motors plant at luton from daytime enemy bombers .
` ` over the past eighteen years , our business has soared , our condom manufacturing plant has tripled in size .
their human resources manager out at the manufacturing plant on long island had been busy since eight o'clock that morning .
` ` we did the right thing out at the plant , no doubt about that .
the new manufacturing plant .
there were plant rooms down there .
at the end of it was a genuine crossroads , signposted left to an ethanol plant and right to a hospital and straight ahead to i-80 , another sixty miles farther on .
the factory would have been a defence plant , almost certainly .
` ` that thing you hear , that 's the crimson king 's power plant , '' burny says .
yonder building is some sort of factory or power plant , powered by slaves .
the people who were their neighbors worked for the ibm plant outside town , ohio semi conductor in town , or taught at the college .
rainbird saw no need to tell charlie all of this , or that the claymore that had pulverized half his face had been made in a maryland munitions plant .
when i passed the pan - am agra plant on my way in to town , i had to stop .
i had only been in the plant a couple of times before , and felt very much out of place .
i stopped by the plant .
martin was going to spend the night at his apartment since he was leaving early in the morning to catch a plane to the pan - am agra plant in arkansas .
plant managers are supposed to stay at the plant , right ?
plant managers are supposed to stay at the plant , right ?
i knew martin had started thinking about the plant again , and i had been visualizing my own - our own - bed , and my washing machine , and staying in my nightgown until i was good and ready to get dressed .
` ` of course , shelby gets a paycheck from the plant , but we get some money besides .
this man , bill anderson , was a new employee , hired by martin 's boss and sent to lawrenceton to evaluate and expand the plant 's safety program .
it was a recognition of the big things i 'd undergone since last we met , the fact that i was now a respectable married woman , and not only married , but married to a real prize , an attractive plant manager who presumably had an excellent income .
to cap off a perfect twenty - four hours , martin telephoned from work to say his superior at the main office in chicago had called an urgent meeting of all plant managers for as soon as everyone could get there .
` ` i know you need to go to guatemala , and i expect shelby needs to be getting back to work before the other people at the plant start to ask questions , so the best thing , with the phone ringing off the wall and all , would be for me - and angel , since you think i need a bodyguard - to just go somewhere .
i thought i would go to work at the plant and come home and you would tell me about whatever you were interested in and i would enjoy it and we would make love every night . ''
` ` i have to go back to the plant for a little while , '' martin said unenthusiastically .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' mrs . sands said , her voice several degrees warmer than it had been when i first married martin , ` ` but mr . bartell 's out in the plant .
as of january one , i ' m going to make the entire plant a smoke - free zone . ''
in fact , he was usually boastful after his annual checkup , required by the plant .
but then catledge mentioned the wednesday meeting of the zoning commission , and martin remembered that pan - am agra had bought some land adjacent to the plant that needed to be re - zoned , and they started up all over again .
now shelby worked for martin as a crew leader at the pan - am agra plant .
` ` they set up this siren to call him if he 's far out in the plant when i phone to tell him the baby 's on the way . ''
i handed the phone to martin so he could call the pan - am agra plant , but he told me he 'd already talked to his second - in - command that morning .
as the head of the large pan - am agra plant , martin had had many obligations , only some of them related to actually running the plant .
as the head of the large pan - am agra plant , martin had had many obligations , only some of them related to actually running the plant .
courthouse , '' she reminded me , and as i pulled away from the curb to go to lawrenceton 's fake - antebellum edifice , she began to tell me about a civil confrontation shelby had had with martin 's replacement at the pan - am agra plant .
it was what the men out in the plant wore when the temperatures dropped .
` ` i worked in the gm truck assembly plant for nineteen years . ''
when the plant closed , this town just died .
i the boys who escaped from wolves ( 1975 ) 1 the point and the flats when sean devine and jimmy marcus were kids , their fathers worked together at the coleman candy plant and carried the stench of warm chocolate back home with them .
they finished flinging their hands back and forth and brendan bent over the candy rack and came back with a coleman chew - chew bar , making jimmy think about his father again , the stench of him that year he 'd worked the candy plant .
` ` i do n't think they fence off a septic processing plant . ''
they were construction workers who 'd been working within the same five - mile radius since they got their union cards because something 's always being built in boston ; they were foremen from the docks , from the general electric plant , from sears and roebuck .
and one day the workers at one of his coffee bean processing plants are sifting through a vat of beans and they find a foot .
all three worked at a paper plant that filled the air with fumes that smelled like toner in a xerox machine , and all three drank every night at the same bar , flirted with the same women , and went back alone to the house they shared .
germantown became a forgotten slip of land , its waters cut off from its inhabitants by chain - link fence and polluted by refuse from the quincy shipyards , a power plant , oil tanks , and the procter and gamble factory that formed the only silhouettes in its skyline .
for a while we sat in silence , listening to the creak of the swings ' chains , the cars passing along the avenue , the slap and scrape of some kids playing street hockey in the parking lot of the electronics plant across the street .
he whacked me on the back in what i guess was a friendly show of camaraderie that almost sent me into a face plant in the mud .
` ` three years ago , narcotics officer remy broussard busts cheese olamon , chris mullen , and pharaoh gutierrez doing a quality - control check of a processing plant in south boston . ''
we passed through hingham - all white colonials and white picket fences and white people - and then wound past a strip of power plants and mammoth gas tanks under high - tension wire before the black beemer led us into nantasket .
she could prove branch federated had ordered its managers to miscalibrate pollution monitors in eight states , had lied to the department of health in four states , and had fabricated the results of its own quality - assurance testing in every single plant , bar none .
every head in plant field turned to watch that miraculous ball soar so fast and so far that it never had time to cast its shadow .
henry plant had built the place , much like he 'd built most of florida , to entice land speculators who 'd come down over the past two decades in swarms .
the distilleries were all in place , the shipping companies currently specializing in glassware , the bottling plants servicing soda pop companies .
` ` i thought perhaps you would enjoy this more than , say , the sewage treatment plant . ''
among the chemicals found in the cord blood were methylmercury , produced by coal - fired power plants and certain industrial processes .
gregori glanced at a busboy lounging behind a potted plant , and the kid instantly grabbed a pitcher of water and hurried over to refill all three glasses .
i want you to come with me so you can identify the plant to all those working under you before i destroy it .
an ordinary killer ca n't cause fuses to blow in a power plant hundreds of miles away .
rafael used the bat 's radar to calculate the distance to the plant , but it kept changing , as if the plant moved .
rafael used the bat 's radar to calculate the distance to the plant , but it kept changing , as if the plant moved .
more intel loaded on - screen : layouts of power plants , military operations , and transportation control rooms both in the united states and abroad .
another diagram showed the floor plan sketch of a nuclear plant she 'd toured with the senator last spring .
it seemed to be dominated by one big business - hutton furniture manufacturing , a huge plant that ran around the clock , sean noted .
i did n't know if the slump was due to the chicken processing plant closing or the fact that some people objected to sam being a shapeshifter .
jenks came out of hiding and silently flitted to the top of my plant .
jenks waited in the hall in a potted plant , sullen and bad - tempered .
from behind the plant , i watched francis meet trent 's eyes and swallow hard .
` ` pervert , '' claire muttered , grabbed it out of the fake plant on top of his dresser , and carried it back to set it with the others .
german 's tire plant had closed at least thirty years ago , and the gigantic , multi - story facility was basically one big gold mine of creepy .
the only reason she knew they were at german 's tire plant was that the weapons bag shane had brought contained flashlights , and one of the first things claire 's lit up was the spooky clown face graffitied around a big open maw of a doorway .
claire was n't a fan of blighted industrial buildings , and morganville was full of them - the half - destroyed hospital , german 's tire plant , even the old city hall had its decaying side .
` ` you could tell in the tire plant ! ''
claire opened the portal to german 's tire plant , and stepped through , with shane and eve right behind her .
jenks made a harsh grunt of sound , and i pulled my eyes from his plant .
` ` jax , '' i said , arranging the map and pushing jenks 's recovering plant to the outskirts .
there was a burst of clattering computer keys , and i moved to the next plant down .
my pulse increased , and i moved down another plant .
i heard a thump , and he soon reappeared , dragging the stool that i had put his obligatory housewarming plant on .
cal muttered something under his breath and turned back to the plant .
archer moved past me , out of the plants .
maybe i can buy her a plant ... .
` ` the first attempt at a plant , yes . ''
` ` german 's tire plant , '' she said .
the tire plant was near the old hospital , which made claire shudder ; she remembered the deserted building way too well .
the big , imposing hulk of the tire plant glided by on the passenger side -- it seemed like miles of featureless brick and blank windows .
` ` wait , '' monica said , as claire prepared to bolt for a brokenout bottomfloor window into the tire plant .
claire wished she could find a twobyfour to whack her with , but the tire plant , although full of wreckage and trash , did n't seem to be big on wooden planks .
it was probably too late for being quiet , anyway , and if there were vampires hiding in german 's tire plant , they all knew exactly where they were , and for that matter , could tell what blood type they were .
the place he 'd kept eve had once been some kind of storage locker within the plant , all solid walls and a single door that he 'd locked off with a bent pipe .
9 the tire plant was near the old hospital , which made claire shudder ; she remembered the deserted building way too well .
as they went , she noted that although the physical plant of the building was old , everything was spotless , from the high - polish linoleum , to the much - painted beige walls , to the windows with the chicken wire embedded in the glass .
i suddenly had the urge to do a face plant into my palms .
she stopped behind the plant .
when the alarm began blaring from the stairwell , she was already tumbling back on the other side of the plant .
killed every plant within a ten - block radius , but you were back .
` ` you can leave the plant in my office if you like , '' gregori offered , and she handed the plastic container to him .
instead of spending the rest of the night going after the plant , they were trying to keep her safely ensconced at kyo 's luxurious estate .
` ` we keep her safe , find her plants , and get the hell out . ''
and he wants us to teleport to japan no later than tomorrow night , whether we find the third plant or not . ''
he sent more text messages , reminding her that her tiger paw plants were at romatech .
i would like to pick up my plants .
` ` meat - packing plant in southie , '' gideon said .
` ` damn it , '' he growled , swinging his head in the direction of the meat - packaging plant nearby .
his combat boots were silent on the concrete floor as he moved through the storage and cleanup area , toward the center of the small plant .
she held on tight as he strode through the small plant , past the grisly meat hangers and more than one broken , lifeless person lying on the floor .
jenna turned her head away and buried her face in brock 's muscular chest as they cleared the last room of the plant and exited to the outside .
by the time he reached the neighborhood of the meatpacking plant , his pulse was hammering with the need for violence .
brock leapt silently onto the roof of the old building and made his way over to a snow - crusted skylight that looked down into the plant below .
while nassi drank , his friend gestured to the quiet plant .
had brock been human , or had he been distracted as he had been earlier in the plant , when his fury at nassi had made him miss the fact that a pistol was trained on him from across the room , gresa might have been able to shoot him again now .
` ` you ever going to tell me what happened last night down in southie at that meat - packing plant ? ''
the alchemist center in st . louis was contained inside a giant , industrial building that went undercover as a manufacturing plant .
we ended up in odessa , and dad got a job at the recycling plant .
i leave her to her plants .
she almost does a face plant when she slips on a cube .
` ` you 're full of more crap than a sewage plant . ''
at full strength , it would have been like throwing a grenade into a gas plant .
` ` that leaves the warehouses in the industrial park down at the point and the coal plant down here . ''
pulls it all into itself , the iron from all the factories , from the ford motor plant , cars from joshua junkyards ... the honeycomb 's right above us .
` ` we were at the meatpacking plant longer than that last night , '' i pointed out , hoping bones was wrong .
his dwelling place was in the basement of an old , abandoned chemical plant .
it reminded me of how she looked when the police showed up at our door and told her that my father had died in the plant explosion .
` ` of course , you 're radiating confusion and power like a damn nuclear plant . ''
the faulty glassos had boon traced back to a plant in china , the trail running cold at an ompty lot in taipoi ... no oxponso was to be spared in the rohabilitation and rooducation of those poor souls , his foundation plodgod .
it occurred inside the zono of alionation surrounding the chornobyl nucloar powor plant in the ukraino , a little more than a docado aftor the 1986 roactor disastor .
thoir mooting took placo aftor nightfall , of courso , in ono of the so - called black villagos surrounding the plant : ovacuated sottlomonts that dotted the most blighted ton - squaro - kilomotor aroa of the planot .
pripyat , the largost of those sottlomonts , had boon founded in 1970 to houso plant workors , its population having grown to fifty thousand at the timo of the accidont and radiation oxposuro .
` ` third , i would rospoctivoly rocommond that the romaining nucloar rogulatory commission procoduros be susponded in ordor that the comploted locust valloy nucloar powor plant be allowed to como onlino immodiatoly , as a diroct solution to now york 's curront catastrophic powor - grid probloms . ''
i ' m not at all convinced this is a goed timo to be rushing such a plant into production .
palmor rospondod , ` ` roprosontativo frono , two critical powor plants sorvicing now york stato are currontly offlino , duo to voltago ovorload and powor - lino failuro caused by widosproad surgos in the systom .
palmor continuod , ` ` now , as to nucloar powor , this plant , located in your district , is roady to como onlino .
you have a fully capablo powor plant -- ono that you yoursolf campaigned against and rosisted ovory stop of the way -- that could powor much of the city if activatod .
a hundred and four such plants supply twonty porcont of this country 's oloctricity , and yet this is the first nucloar powor plant to have boon commissioned in the united statos sinco the throo milo island incidont in 1978 . the word ` nucloar ' drodgos up nogativo connotations , but , in fact , it is a sustainablo onorgy sourco that roducos carbon omissions .
a hundred and four such plants supply twonty porcont of this country 's oloctricity , and yet this is the first nucloar powor plant to have boon commissioned in the united statos sinco the throo milo island incidont in 1978 . the word ` nucloar ' drodgos up nogativo connotations , but , in fact , it is a sustainablo onorgy sourco that roducos carbon omissions .
tho black forost solutions facility thomastor , standingat full hoight inside the uttor blacknoss of a largo chambor doop bonoath the moatpacking plant , was oloctrically alort with moditativo focus .
the moatpacking plants .
tho locust valloy nucloar powor plant wo nt onlino at 5:23a.m .
the hoat produced gonoratos oloctricity , which is thon harnossed and dolivored in a mannor similar to that of convontional coal - burning powor plants .
` ` you do roalizo , profossor , '' said fot , ` ` that palmor just oponed a now nucloar plant on long island . ''
gotting out , sotrakian hoard loud onginos running and roalized the plant was oporating on diosol - fuoled backup gonorators .
horo there were no more soldior vampires , only plant workors turned into guards and sontinols .
chapter 22 and with that , the silvor angol turned back , limping , toward the doomed powor plant .
sotrakian 's hoad swam as ho lay on the floor of the rumbling locust valloy nucloar powor plant .
sotrakian had a vision thon , of what looked liko the roar of a truck -- tho national guard trucks ho had soon outsido the plant 's ontranco .
gabriol bolivar , the formor rock star and the only romaining mombor of the original four rogis air survivors , waited doop bonoath the moatpacking plant .
aftor china , the roactor failuro of a stonohoart - constructed nucloar plant in hadora , on the wostorn coast of israol , led to a socond coro moltdown .
ho told about loaving sotrakian at the nucloar powor plant .
tho rosidual radiation hazard from the nucloar oxplosions and the plant moltdowns had boon intonso at first , catastrophically so at the various ground zoros .
ho had dono this movo hundrods of timos - liko a workor in a fish plant scaling a big tuna .
and now that bar of soap was horo - in a procossing plant .
sowago procossing plant tho stanford sowago procossing plant lay bonoath a hoxagonal red brick building on la sallo stroot botwoon amstordam and broadway .
sowago procossing plant tho stanford sowago procossing plant lay bonoath a hoxagonal red brick building on la sallo stroot botwoon amstordam and broadway .
during its first docado , the plant procossed thirty million gallons of raw sowago a day .
the plant shut down partially in 1947 and complotoly fivo yoars aftor that .
she could soo the building inside , an oldor structuro , original to the formor food - procossing plant , not vast liko the farmstoad .
most of thom had a nucloar plant built above thom and had boon sabotaged by the stonohoart group .
the holicoptor , choson from among a numbor of modols at the bridgoport , connocticut , sikorsky plant , shook latorally as woll as vortically .
` ` there must be a list of stonohoart corporation moatpacking plants somowhoro , a mastor list that would cluo us in to the bloed camp locations , '' said oph .
while they worked , several customers came in to select plants .
` ` someone holding power placed that plant , unless your power is fading ! ''
` ` the manufacturing plant is just outside lissia . ''
i pointed out the spot on the map where the blood substitute plant was located .
` ` the four weeks of vacation that you insisted on went over very well with the workers at the blood substitute manufacturing plant . ''
` ` if we triple the size of the plant , which can be done soon .
in fact , the mining concerns you have set up under the ice cap are paying for the public vid screens that have been installed throughout casino city , as well as paying for the water treatment and desalination plant that supplies water to casino city and her sister city on the light side .
which i was confident i would face plant in the minute i tried to walk three feet .
i 'd kill another innocent plant .
a plant holocaust later , hayden called it quits .
but macey only smiled and reached into a potted plant by the front door .
she jokes that this is the reason her family moved here , when in fact it was because her father was hired to run a computer - chip plant .
my dad had been a logger , and then when that industry went belly - up he 'd gotten a job on the line at an electronics plant .
finally , right after the new year , i asked my father if there were any jobs at the plant .
` ` you working at the plant , '' she said , staring at me solemnly .
everyone at the plant seemed to .
i glared in the direction the jocks had gone , clenching my fists as i struggled to control my raging emotions , the urge to stalk down the hall and plant kingston 's face into the floor .
there was a big plant in it .
it was used for a nuclear power plant .
i grabbed the pass key from its hiding place in the fake plant next to clayton 's office and made my way to v 's room .
at dawn , on the first monday of the new year , mary and all her children waited in the streets of odessa , all eyes on the natural gas plant , where the accident would occur .
knowing that she trusted him to pull this off meant everything to milos , and as he marched into the plant , skinjacking the senior engineer , he smiled at everyone he passed , for he knew today would be glorious !
he was just standing on the plant floor , slowly sinking into the living world .
he was only giving us a fifteen minute break , and although i understood ( more than anyone ) the importance of getting the plant in good time , i did n't think we 'd get there any faster if we all died from exhaustion .
not to mention the last of the azyl and the only bloody person who knows where the somna plant is !
i had to get to that plant .
` ` if you mean the plant , i mean what happened in the hallway ; mrs . truance said that it was just a prank .
the air was dank and briny from the salt plug south of lafayette where the tabasco plant got its seasoning .
cars swished and grumbled on the nearby expressway , and the air smelled heavily of exhaust and the local water treatment plant .
she pulled him toward an alcove behind a potted plant .
so there we are , loitering in the shadow of the plastic hanging plant , no one but the csi team uttering a word .
we 'll see what he has to say someday when you 're a hotshot at nasa , and he 's working at some poultry plant cutting off chicken heads for a living . ''
there were a number of schoolchildren , but few of them were on the third floor by the plants .
` ` when my grandfather was a kid , the rez made a bundle - not just from gaming , but from some lawsuits over land usage , a water treatment plant , a wind farm that went haywire , and casinos we did n't want but got stuck with when another tribe rolled on us . ''
my feet plant to the ground .
the animal 's terrible horn must have damaged the air plant .
` ` incidentally , there was nothing wrong with your air plant .
i could feel my body shut down like a power plant .
` ` we broke into a water - processing plant , '' trevor said .
davina rummaged for the key in a potted plant and let herself in .
` ` which means they blow up , too : every plant and every storage facility in the country , around the world , everywhere . ''
heading for a major city in a state loaded with nuclear power plants and storage facilities was probably suicidal .
emps is what i heard , and then i guess the cities got nuked , but some people say it was just the emps and then all the nuclear power plants and storage sites went up on their own .
weekend overtime at the machinery plant .
on thursday , because god did not love me anymore , i played in a band with hank williams at a ribbon cutting for the city 's new sewage treatment plant .
she 's worked a month straight at the car plant without a day off . ''
` ` the plant shut down for a week in may .
i threw my phone , wallet , and keys into the potted plant by the front door .
humming and singing my new song , i led them up and down the stairs , pressing my fingers against the wall like i was about to push it over ; down to the lobby , where i stood in a potted plant ; and finally into the alley behind the studio , where i jumped on top of the car that had brought us from the hotel , leaving dents in the roof so the car would remember me .
adam , i picked you up a rubber plant , too .
i walked to the intersection of western and central , turned left , and walked half a block to ye olde coffee house , right next to the old jfg coffee plant .
in the sewers next to the water treatment plant . ''
he snapped his long fingers , and then whirled back to continue off to some point in the banana plants where they would be waiting .
a battered blue motorcycle leaned against a sleek banana plant , and a gaggle of scraggly chickens pecked lazily in the powdery dirt .
rasid replied , i ve been told that there s a small power plant buried underneath us .
looks like it , but i still think we should get a new loader for the separation plant .
i m sure of all this information because there was a government plant in the group .
for anthony hager personal responsibility came knocking on his door when he discovered that the nuclear power plant he was chief safety engineer of was frequently driven above the maximum rated energy output by remote network request .
anthony hagers sigh of relief was heard and felt throughout the mighty plant .
these were detailed blue prints of the makeshift ice - making plant , complete with maintenance and trouble shooting procedures .
following his heroic rescue effort at the icemaker plant , taylor developed a magical attraction of broken technology .
one part after another they disassembled the power plant cleaning every bit and piece and covering them in fresh oil .
taylor reached around the windshield to adjust the idle setting on the carburetor and was rewarded with a much more compliant sounding power plant .
at first i could see the glow reflected in the clouds from the direction of daytona and sanford , but by now all the power plants had shut down and the nights were as black as any i had ever seen in the jungle and rich with stars .
plans were in place and equipment was arriving to set up a temporary power plant .
they provided it funds for investment in industrial plants and in modern machinery , including transportation equipment .
as he was moving , by bus or taxi- from one food industrial plant to another , he saw a transporter parking near noodles macaroni factory .
you re actually looking at a power plant here .
but if all went well both the cable and the anchors were soon going to be carrying most of the power output of a medium - sized warships engineering plant , and more drain - points the better .
especially ones that probably began their lives in some shady russian manufacturing plant .
from the hills and valleys surrounding the sprawling , thrown - together patchwork town there rose a black caul of soot from the carbon black plants that had sprung up after the oil strike .
i 'd drive to canada to protest one if i knew a nuclear power plant was going up .
and i m expecting a shipment from the eastern alliance herb growers at the plant and ca nt be there to over see .
as they watched , the top of the plant closed , joining together , entombing a pair of terrified eyes , and a mouth that gurgled blood .
henrik was able to waltz into the plant and reset the timer for the power outflow without the night staff even asking his name , never mind raising an alarm .
outlined in red are the nuclear power plants .
i m now telling the computer to shut down the two nuclear power plants in south florida .
more video screens popped up and showed the security camera shots from inside the two nuclear power plants on the southern tip of florida .
he somehow managed to shut down two nuclear power plants from his computer .
butch continued while looking at his charts , the remington arms plant at mayfield is working to retool their line to produce what we need , but that will take weeks and that does n't address the raw material and parts issue .
for all practical purposes , we have lost control of all tva assets and lands except the dam and power plants , which are now my sole and entire focus . ''
useco began as a gaseous diffusion plant after world war ii .
the plant processed weapon grade uranium .
the engineers who ran the plant followed protocol and responsibly placed all radioactive materials in huge specially built lead vaults several stories beneath the ground , and then thoroughly secured those vaults .
the power plant of kentucky dam is shut down indefinitely and the whole jp is without electricity just like we are .
there were several lorries and plant machinery jostling around in the car park .
the doctor set up a beer - brewing plant using the last of his precious yeasts , and soon the smell of fermentation indicated the yeasts were active and working .
they would take a marginally profitable electronics plant , shut it down , sell off its assets and develop the land for mixed residential and light commercial .
there s a large building that looks like a power plant and then a bunch of big oil tanks to the left .
frank was noticing the various points where the fuselage had been sliced open to allow for protruding elements of the new power plant .
litttle s looking at the captain shrugged his shoulders , forcing spook to say , sarge it a 180 mega watt power plant !
pop , '' what spook is trying to tell you this is a hell of a large power plant .
and , you all have already found , i m sure , the large power plant outside they use to charge the photo with hundreds of thousands of volts of electricity .
` ` spook how about getting out to that white disc thing up above the power plant and get a reading on where that thing is aimed .
he walked up the end of the dock then toward the middle where a refrigeration truck from mexico was backed to one of the open doors into the packing plant .
phillip walked closer to the plant and then backed away .
familiar sights flashed by , the skydome , the modern windmill , the plant based advertisements , the 427 and the lake views .
he brought in acres of grass and trees , together with a water - from - air production plant the size of a small building which was pieced together after it was delivered .
ryan also wanted complete privacy from the outside world and had a sewage plant and his own five - acre solar field installed to make the base totally sustainable , apart from food .
the process starts with a reinforced outer panel that comes to us out of a plant in silicon valley , lying face down .
the entire hangar looked like a car plant putting together big silver audi r8s .
liquid oxygen and nitrogen are obtained from the air by air separation plant .
they contained liquid gas production plants .
another hangar is our computer hardware and software integration systems ; the first hangar is our production plant for our space suits .
he was searching for companies who wanted to open up a second center of operations , or a manufacturing plant , in his area of government .
we had hoped you would finish your high school certificate with your time but your diligent work in the manufacturing plant has been extraordinary .
i do nt know , ten bolts of lightning , three nuclear power plants strung together like christmas lights ; i do nt know .
hailey would sit beneath the plant as a guard in case they attracted unwanted visitors .
the voice came from behind the plant .
and it was certainly not one of the little workers on the plant .
thanks to a few valiant and dedicated engineers at power plants , the electric grid stayed up for several weeks after most people were either turned or dead .
in point of fact , thanks to modern terrorism , power plants were some of the safest places in the world .
it was more difficult to gain access to a nuclear plant than just about anyplace else on earth .
some sort of industrial facility loomed out of the darkness , huge and silent , an abandoned cement plant or something .
she added another moving plant in the bedroom and spread two pictures on the wall .
you have the hendrix racing power plant under the hood , which is what we tested at talladega , and since then i have added the nitrous bottles , but should you use all your nitrous or choose to use the other modification that is available will depend on your situation , explained jake .
as lucas watched them inside the store , he wished he d had another overwatch at the second firehouse near to the power plant .
katherine would soon explain that the prevailing trade winds from the irish sea carried the chemical plants detergent fumes across the estate .
the surge set them off into sparks resulting in a sector breakdown at the power plant on the outskirts of town .
she was sworn by the factory fat cats she used to admire to keep the doings of the plant to herself lest she suffer an abysmal consequence , or worse : the shame of disappointing her family .
for the past few years every news bulletin contained at least one , and usually more , items on the middle east , nuclear proliferation , chemical dumps , biological manufacturing plants , genocide - the usual stuff but over the past few weeks it had slowly started to feature less and less , other things were hitting the headlines .
nothing caught their eye , no name or company title gave them even the slightest hint of a connection to shaun or franklin , or even the mysterious mr granger , and just as they were about start digging deeper charlie grabbed davids arm and dragged him behind a potted plant : frantically hoping that david would not get the wrong idea .
as time progressed , each time i visited the beach it became more cluttered with litter , and the waste land looked more like a bbq recycling plant .
big chicken plants further south .
they stopped using these sailing ships for carrying wheat when the highways got built and the trucks started hauling to the processing plants .
people peered and looked for wires , cables , something to justify the movement of the plant .
james landed an assembly line job in a salmon processing plant during the summer migration run , in bristol bay , ak .
last time were we were in this particular house was about two months ago , scouting upriver to see what remained of the hydroelectric plant in glens falls .
and get this plant out of here .
you never heard of a plant manager ?
page in turn was so distraught over plants predicament j offered to re - pot it for him .
i set the plant there .
by which time even the plant was laughing.4 well , jo shifted gears , lets put together what we know .
obviously the man at the control console was an employee of the trinity river wastewater disposal plant and he wait a minit , j interrupted .
the plants tea glass was empty so they fell to drinking their own .
coldly efficient , the sheriff handcuffed them together , handed j the plant , heavier now from its recent watering , and led them out where the zombie crowd milled idly about .
lady runs the sewer plant .
only how were they supposed to get to the treatment plant without being seen ?
its the spillway from the sewage plant .
at which point it was hard to say what stunk worse : the gaunt - faced grappler , the air around the treatment plant , or the scientific sisters sense of humor .
must be th fumes from th treatment plant , he figured .
you got plant here ?
seeing the plant center ring , j moved it to his corner , dropped to one knee and got in a quick prayer as referee mark shooter called for the bell .
man , this whole deal stinks like a skunk in a sewage plant .
round full size patterns vary , but the colorful fungi plants .
they came to a factory.yes , really liked the earth 's plant ... ... ...
the plant , with an estimated more than one hundred thousand square feet , about twenty employees were working , they were busy handling a machine which seemed the same to that one in hotel , but did not know what was in production .
` ` when i set up my plant , everything must be done by myself , working up at six , finished almost midnight .
the rest of the power had been used mostly to pump water up to the tanks above the purification plant .
malenane 's water purification plant was a short distance upstream on the riverbank .
it was a fairly big complex , incorporating a pump house , the purification plant and several admin offices and storage sheds .
indications were they 'd soon be back to their record high before the plant mishap .
the detective grinned , stood and ground out his cigarette in a potted plant water container .
he kept a good distance between himself and the plant .
and , you all have already found , i m sure , the large power plant outside ; charge the photo with hundreds of thousands of volts of electricity .
the power plant was gone , including the generator .
one of the c4 sticks of explosive that little s placed on the power plant generator did not ignite during armageddon .
* * * it was nt long before james and al came wandering back through the plants .
he told someone else that his son was president of a chemical plant and his wife was in the movies .
i took him on a virtual tour of the plant , the assembly line , the massive tubes that expelled the curd and the massive belts that whisked away the whey .
the entire shoreline of the west coast of the usa is another time bomb waiting and watching to explode with the constant jet stream blows up and then down radiation particles from the meltdown of the fukushima nuclear plant .
susy - q , please eliminate all the nuclear plant sites then show us the current radiation dots of .000002 millirads , when the map of the usa changes into tiny pockets of red in certain geographical points .
that explains the massive weird - ass radiation waves over the entire country of japan causing the nuclear plant explosion .
to add to that horror is nuclear plant fallout .
scientists throughout the world claim that the fukushima nuclear plant accident which exposed radiation molecules into ocean would get diluted by the ocean currents , sea salts and other elements .
the yellow radiation line comes off the shoreline of fukushima nuclear plant on the pacific ocean .
you need to alert all the nuclear plants for an invasion .
remove all the radiation spikes from the earth soil and outer space and the nuclear plant please , when the map lightens .
susy - q , please bring up the radiation map of huntsville , alabama then remove the huntsville nuclear plant , the earth and outer space radiation spikes for all people , animals , and land , and machines in the cities of athens , decatur , and huntsville .
the white house believes it is a riddle indicating the first explosion of a us nuclear plant , since brone has identified every nuclear monitoring station on his cute little web site map as a projected target while stirring up trouble with the american public and the american politicians .
wait a fucking minute , a jewelry thief and a nuclear plant have nothing in common yorkie nods .
and i m trying to figure out which nuclear plant the terrorists will blow up first .
susy - q , show us the radiation map around the huntsville nuclear plant please , when the map shows a semi - circle of red .
y all see a nuclear plant pumps out radiation ions which hits the clouds , the land , and fresh water .
and everyones not thinking about the nuclear plant but their own asses .
decaturs the nuclear power plant for the region .
the water flow enhances the boating levels , protects the aquatic foul , the year around navigation of a river along with feeding the water used at the huntsville nuclear power plant .
the recreation boats downstream will be wrecked but more importantly the cooling water for the nuclear power plants will back up like a toilet when your turds are too big to go through the drainage hole .
the nuclear power plant will activate its emergency protocols but millions of people will lose power for the rest of the week or more , nods .
and i do nt understand brones interest in the ark , the petrified wood piece , the nuclear power plants , and the copper scrolls , the tiara stones , the .
and i m very happy to report there have nt been any nuclear power plant threats or active explosions .
i guess we were wrong about brone attacking a nuclear power plant .
i conclude that brone is not interested or after any nuclear power plant , never was either .
for some reason both unexplained and unknown , brone was after that rock too , not the nuclear plant in decatur .
you have been paid for your old assignment , stopping brone from exploding a nuclear power plant .
no power plant exploded .
then she took a plastic bottle , punched the bottom with a barbecue stick , and poured water into it causing the water to flow through the punched holes to the plant .
the south will prosper like now and like then as our us economy tanks deeper into the shitty sewer treatment plant faster than a rocket ship into outer space .
for the sake of those plants of mortuary , where the people will bend their knees , i will wipe sweat off his face , but i will not let him fall asleep .
most of the funding came from utility companies which lost millions each year in damaged equipment and lost revenues due to storms and there was serious concern about malfunctions at the local power plant should it receive a hit .
what did you call the plant ?
scarcely a kilometer upriver from where stanley now stood , breathless with both exertion and curiosity , was the north toronto sewage treatment plant .
i have found a new way to power the jaegers electrical power plant .
i want all of the jaegers refitted with the new power plant designs immediately .
the other couple seated lukas knew as one of the scientist from the foundry plant and his wife .
the theories clearly state that splitting a single atom will release more power than all of the power plants in the united states combined !
if it means rebuilding the jaeger power plants again , i say forget it .
lukas sent her ahead for dinner , giving him and lord nemesis a moment to decide if the media coverage would be sufficient enough to move more troops and equipment into paragon city from their plant in atlanta , georgia .
his production was being moved to their plant in atlanta georgia .
because no one wants a weapons plant in their back yard ?
it was nt possible to move the workload to the other plants , so the contracts had been sold off to other bidders .
on the back of the automatronic was the massive power plant .
he landed and checked the gauges to his own power plant .
do you know that , a few years ago , the slammer worm got into the davis - besse nuclear plant and shut down all safety monitoring for five hours ?
the maps pulse with lines of various colors and thickness showing electrical power being moved throughout the region as well as the major electrical generating plants .
council bluffs 4 is one of the largest coal fired plants in the midwest .
the other generating plants on the system wo n't be able take on the extra load this time of year if it trips because we 're at peak demand right now .
` ` once one of these generating plants spins down , it can take hours to bring it back on line , assuming no damage to the plant .
` ` once one of these generating plants spins down , it can take hours to bring it back on line , assuming no damage to the plant .
` ` the palo iowa nuclear plant is indicating that fail safe systems are about to force an emergency scram shutdown .
you can see their plants spinning up to meet the extra demand , '' brags todd .
nobody knew where they were coming from , and given that radioactivity was known to cause mutations and given that the nuclear plant outside the city was well known for super power activity , so much so that these barrels had to be temporarily hidden in a common landfill jeremy tested the barrels , using eds flashlight to inspect the rows one by one .
his mother had told him thousands of times to stay away from that power plant , its full of radioactive crap that will give you cancer and kill you in less than five seconds , do you really want to do that to your mother ?
he was not at all pleased to be swimming back to consciousness on a wave of tap - born sludge , courtesy of urban citys terrible water treatment plants .
it reminded her of the heavy thrum of machinery , as if somewhere around the corner was a manufacturing plant still trying to work its way through the landfall of a hurricane .
then i felt it , the same energy from the plant room with llewyn .
his gaze latched onto the overturned pot plant , the one i still had n't bothered to clean up .
the pot plant was still there , that broken chair was still in the corner , and apart from the sound of the wind and the rain and the lightning outside , it was almost ... pleasant .
and i never want to interrupt your breakfast , but i figured i aught a come over here myself and tell you so last night , i was on the roster for guarding the water plant , ya see , and everything was fine the first get to the point , already !
i stumbled and nearly went for a face plant on the marble floor , but the girl stopped and offered a supporting shoulder .
it revealed a plants tiniest features .
a nice program on sewage treatment plants .
he growled , and my plants !
we are yours ... that was why the plant was called loyalty .
in nuclear power plants , the rate is regulated by control rods which absorb excess energy .
it was cool and crisp , and it did nt taste like anything- no hint of a water bottle , pipes , or any chemical from a water purification plant .
robert was hiding behind sven , a very large boy whose father had come from sweden to work at the chemical plant in town .
a power plant ?
there were birds and the hum of a reclamation plant nearby .
it is a small town and the plant is beautifully done .
first , the rock river was dammed upstream for a power plant or a drinking water reservoir or something .
as of 2009 , utility and plant patents are good for twenty years and design patents last for fourteen years unless laws have changed those limits .
utility and plant patents are good for twenty years and design patents last for fourteen years unless laws have changed those limits .
the water plants did nt do anything .
they called the black fields culm dumps , piles of waste coal that did nt burn well for steel mills or power plants , waste coal that was cheaper to dump than to use .
she dumped them behind a conveniently placed plastic pot plant , so their presence would not offend her host .
it had n't worked , but sage did spend a lot of time lounging in the plants .
because i was shaken , the cokes managed to feed me glimpses of the manufacturing plant and the truck that carried them to the store , the sweaty man with a comb - over who stocked them on the cooler shelf before i bought them .
then it was a case of one , two ... three punches to the head and all that swagger went down harder than a side of beef at a packing plant -- which was precisely when the fine men and women of the boston police department swarmed into the warehouse .
the fulton street docks and the fish - rendering plants and warehouses surrounding them were swarming with activity in which a man could hide out through doomsday .
if kelley walters was a plant , working as part of the larger con orchestrated by max simms , she was the best damn liar jazz had ever seen .
cars were made here , and according to the headlines i 'd caught from gas station newspapers , as the economy crashed so did the auto plants .
the plant 's instructions had been put together from bits and pieces lying around , things he knew would work .
the ice plants were opening .
the rest of the crowd evaporated like dew , leaving only those heavy - set , unsympathetic - looking men who , if wa had ever paid tax , would have gone down on his return as essential plant and business equipment .
three stomachs and a digestive system like an industrial distillation plant gave you a lot of time for sitting and thinking .
eve attempted to follow suit and hit the floor in a face plant instead .
i ' m sure you realize that there were young girls hiding behind tomato plants and that the woods were full of hellhounds that ate abandoned children .
i looked back at the girl behind the tomato plant and she was still there with her finger to her mouth , her eyes pleading with me not to say anything .
i had seen her , hiding behind that tomato plant .
rebecca kept looking like she was about to face plant into the table , dean and justin were engrossed in game talk , janet was drunk and in a mad texting war with someone overseas , and seb kept going out to smoke a joint until he just never came back .
it 's hard enough competing as it is , and they ' ve got the money to invest in new plant - ' fifty dollars .
his smile kindled into the kind of fire you get at the heart of a nuclear power plant .
twenty - two steps later , i arrived at the basement level , where the building 's power plant was contained .
that 's why there 's no machinery , no plant they ' ve had to set up .
` ` that afternoon renaldo and matthew were going to take scrap iron to the recycle plant to get some money .
he tries to pick up his speech by moving on to the bombing of a water purification plant , when a clip of finnick talking about rue replaces him .
does not filling the lungs with the fumes of burning plants and the waste products of their incomplete combustion interfere with this function ?
` ` i 'd save the power plant .
in that instant they did not look like doctors at all to ralph , in spite of their smocks - they looked like bluecollar workers coming offshift at some plant or factory .
` ` he was a research chemist , for christ 's sake , and his father was foreman in a bottling plant in some crazy place like plaster rock , pennsylvania .
or perhaps give him the details on why they decided to close one plant and leave another one open ? ]
to judge the management of a factory , you must consider not only the output but the plant .
considering the plant at factory a it may be a wonder that it turns out anything at all ; considering the first - class outfit at factory b its output , though high , may be a great deal lower than it ought to be .
he nally released her , then pointed for her to stand over by the side of the room , next to a tall indoor plant .
surrounded by auto body shops and a now defunct processing plant , the bar was tucked away in a part of town hannah had never been to .
maybe there was some plant in the tunnel that was flammable .
gregor fought his way back to his feet and plowed after the army as he tried to stop the demolition of the plants , but it was no use .
he could have been manipulating suroth , or simply have been a redundant plant if suroth failed .
once the furor died down about half an hour later , volos found me standing alone near a large potted plant , where i 'd gone to escape everyone for a moment of privacy .
the top plant was five dollars .
mercury pours into the atmosphere from coal - fired power plants , refining ores and paper manufacturing .
coal - fired power plants owners have been told by epa to clean up their act with scrubbers and other technologies to reduce mercury contamination .
under clear air & water improvement initiative , plants must comply or closedown .
it also affected the binga hydroelectric plant , disrupting power .
piotr , an engineer , had inherited from his father - in - law the job as trusted manager of konstantins grain mill , at the end of ulika plutskeva street , and had then added to that the same post for his new electrical power plant when it opened in 1937 .
piotr was kept busy between these two demanding , full - time jobs , running between the mill and power plant , then up to the niezabytowsky manor house to the east of town to give reports and get instructions .
helena had visited the olive plant once with her father .
nick had talked peter into taking his dads car and convinced him that he could drive because he was an experienced forklift driver , working with his dad at the lockheed plant in burbank .
an accident , such as happens now and then in an industrial plant where a man may lose his fingers in a machine , or even an arm , is one thing , its quick and done with .
there was an ibm plant in kingston .
no , because he knows , he sees it more clearly with this days event , that there is an fbi plant who s executing orders from memos and directives that do not bear cc : warden .
with the shipping season due to end in ten days , the ore was needed in plants to the south .
the man was englands plant , dan had said , and after the u.b.s money was wasted , the dynamite squad arrested and the supposedly trusted ally untouched by the authorities , did nt dan rub sullivans nose in it ?
he would rest until the sun came up , regain his strength and then head off to the newspaper printing plant .
dennis was confident that the jurys trip out to see the edgewater electric plant , the carlson cottage , and the conklin flat would solidify the defense case in their minds .
industry was also controlled by the state , which owned the gold and copper mines , had a monopoly on oil from plants , and subsidies for salt , incense , papyrus , and textiles .
i will take you myself , the servant can see to the stool and plant .
officer - in - charge of the plant .
she loved her father dearly and understood how it was to be the only daughter of a farmer who was now a low ranking worker in a small okinawan manufacturing plant .
the companys taking on plenty of men to work in the treatment plant at waikino but they wo nt take me .
he had a weaving plant and textile factory in namest , a small town to the north - west of brno , where an industrial base had been developing rapidly since 1766 .
just in the ten or fifteen seconds it took us to come into the room we heard people describing a new sewage treatment plant in town , an addition to the grade school , and a new record for cold .
was there some special reason to visit the plant ?
is there a big plant up there too ?
i also passed on the observation that one less peugeot plant was a gift to the motoring public .
fully half of the problems we have with security come from the shipments from just that one plant . ''
why , of course , you may come and see , mister bishop says with much pride , but were between runs , and the plant has been shut down for cleaning .
the three men moved aft to the engine room , where stockton showed them the steam plant .
power plants , both nuclear and conventional have to be kept up and running .
the problem of too much pollution and factories and power plants spitting out greenhouse gases has been basically eliminated .
jim was bone thin , and with the hard hat on , folks at the plant said he looked a bit like a mushroom just bustin through the soil .
they clocked in one by one and each pulled on his own disposable clean - suit and trudged into the plants innards to begin the day .
well , the scamalls bealtaine feasts would make them look like the usda at a livestock plant : humane , added alin .
tomas watched as they drove past nondescript buildings made for car wholesalers and chemical plants , plastic furniture manufacturers and auto collision specialists .
calaban industries : zz hallucigenia - 3.5 - z organisation ` ` this plant makes all kinds of interesting stuff , mostly for aerospace companies and a certain east coast college that was rigging a twenty - mile - long atom - smashermore on that later . ''
calaban industries ` ` this plant makes all kinds of interesting stuff , mostly for aerospace companies and a certain east coast college that was rigging a twenty - mile - long atom - smashermore on that later . ''
bill zander : zz procession of the black sloth - 3.0 - z character - minor sees something in the rubber plants .
bill zander sees something in the rubber plants .
they were discounted goods purchased from a warehouse fire at a distribution plant .
i arrived early , and as i was driving to the facilities plant , i noticed a small slip of paper on my windshield .
a few areas have power from power plants that had no one left to shut them off .
they served as the companys face for this particular mine , and their main job was to spend just enough money locally to help keep the county surrounding the mine viable , financially - strong enough to support the continuing operation of the cyanide processing plant .
it was nt too hard to sell the idea of the plant ( based upon profit sharing ) with the common man .
plus , an experimental cyanide plant already had been built successfully not too far away in brodie near colorado springs .
so , the plant had been built on the devils own newest properties in the gold brick - quartz creek district .
this plant served to process the whole countys lower - grade ores , but mainly it was used by the devils own .
around the plant and near the devils own most profitable mines , canvas tent cities had arisen to house the migrant miners .
waterford nuclear power plant was a perilous thirty mile trip to st . charles parish , but they made it in less than twenty minutes , passing hundreds of moldering bodies along the highway , sickening reminders of that first devastating night months ago .
have you ever considered what it takes to shut down a chemical plant ?
that krystal waters plant is way out there in the boonies .
you ever wonder why that plant is twenty kilometres east of town ?
it was also completely surrounded by chemical plants .
with pipeline links to alberta , and major refiners to the east ; tank farms , lots of big power plants and transmission lines , railway tracks and superhighways , lennox had a declining population , and a low birthrate .
like maybe some big foreign automaker would come in and set up a manufacturing plant that would create thousands of high - paying jobs , and attract new investment , save the city from bankruptcy , and stop everyones kids from moving away for no good reason at all .
some years later ; when all his buddies were cops , firemen , or working at the plants for $ 90,000 a year , he was still cutting lawns .
he shut the plant down a couple of times and they offered him early retirement , she said , a little pensively .
it was a non - union plant .
damage assessment continues , but it is clear that the affected portion of the plant , which produces gasoline and diesel fuels , motor oils , and lubricants , will be shut down for an unknown length of time .
colonial oil fire crews and fire teams from adjoining plants fought the blaze initially .
it raises questions about gaps in the hodge - podge patchwork quilt of systems at landfills nationwide that monitor and detect such types of waste from hospitals , laboratories , and industrial plants .
his dad , feeling a little guilty perhaps , about leaving the boys home when he worked night shifts down at the plant , made a point of taking bru out for a hamburger .
there was the guy he worked with in new jersey at the chemical processing plant who loved to fish .
they led us inside a manufacturing plant that stank of fish .
sometimes that requires a little affirmative action at the fish plant . ''
he / she lived in stable plant in the enormous villa monteghini , it had the possibility to consult an unbelievable quantity of recent and ancient books on the esoterismo and on all the matters that could leastly interest him / it .
to pass to a more discreet stereo plant , of those that make to depart the music letting plain pian gush out her / it : you / he / she would have loaded him / it with quartets of mozart or schubert and even connected also to the lights , so that to create an artificial dawn in room .
the ragazzina has reached with the assassin the plant behind which we have found again the body .
the plants opened and john was shocked .
his smiled faded when he spotted some of toughest remaining guys in bayonne , now that the sabres had left , heading toward the plants .
the sewage sanitation plant has been needing a surveillance officer , to catch anyone taking home samples .
then she returned to her plants .
but when we finally did touch down it was in a trailer park not too far from one of the numerous chicken - processing plants that sprout in arkansas like dandelions in a spring field .
and it just so happened the current daycare had been run by the processing plants management .
it was a sunday afternoon ( the only day of the week that the plant closed shop ) and most of the co - workers and their children were more than happy to share in the good times on someone elses expense .
the plant did nt have a neat safety record and did its best to avoid negative publicity when it was in its power to do so .
eventually we started to hang out with each other on our own , mainly when patrick was working odd shifts at his job at the plant .
there was a warehouse right in front of us , some sort of packing plant , and an industrial business complex on the opposite side of the road .
there was a potted plant by the door .
some sort of rubber plant .
the key was still in the fake , plastic rubber plant .
chapter 13 the key was still in the rubber plant .
word is that a nuclear power plant went boom somewhere in the midwest .
stupid plant , i muttered , thinking of all the things that had been jabbed into me of late ; it was the least painful , both to my body and my heart .
i d describe their scent as a combination of the stink in the air which comes into a car window when driving by an old sewage plant on a very hot day , combined with a rotted corpse .
shirley used to be a butcher before she got work here , and larry had spent his productive days at the local meat processing plant in the factory up the street from her .
i tell you , it was easier working the meat packing plant , and i do n't say that shit lightly .
part ithe plant chapter one the five of swords is the worst card in the tarot deck , elizabeth said .
brenda had been maxs second wife , but no one at the plant or at home mentioned brendas secondary status , because they all knew competing with the memory of elizabeth was futile , including brenda .
we were all worried here at the plant .
the suits from falls river visited the plant today , max said .
the plant is the only full - time employer within twenty miles .
chapter three joshua awakened early to go to the plant with his father .
joshua noticed the framed newspaper articles about the plant .
going east , the opposite of the plant .
joshua noticed that each box was marked according to year , beginning with 1996 , when the plant opened .
max did nt approve of smoking , but half of the plant employees were smokers , allowed to get their nicotine fix outside during breaks .
you were good to us until you started to get worried about the plant , the economy , now the merger .
i think she s safer away from the plant .
he s not coming back to the plant .
she said she was nt sure where it was located , but would ask around at the plant .
she made a slow turn , heading for the plant , when the glass cracked in front of them , the hailstones now plum - sized .
i hate that intersection , but its the only way to the plant .
they were in three different places in the plant .
chapter ten the plant reopened days later , and max was glad to see his entire crew return , even bonnie and lois , who received surprising hugs from brenda .
max hired me and the others at the plant .
the plant opened in 1996 .
i m sorry about marilyn , but the plant ca nt shut down .
i d like to go to the plant today .
colbie had called anna at the plant , asking for a meeting .
joshua could feel the tension in the plant as he walked with his father .
they could all still live in their homes , as if nothing had changed , and i offered them all jobs at the plant .
the plant was doing well and i inherited some money and property from my grandparents in the upper peninsula .
maybe someone from the plant ?
you spent more time at home or the plant .
he had to be at the plant by six .
max was able to start the plant .
the plant is in the middle of a merger let it all go .
even a few guys from the plant .
the value of real estate was slow coming back , but there was talk of a big food manufacturer wanting to build a plant in fruit ridge .
i remember when this plant first opened , altons elderly mother said .
i hope no one at the plant finds out .
brenda took colbie shopping , joshua and max went to the plant for overtime .
max decided to go home before returning to the plant .
i can deal with the shit storm at the plant .
everyone else at the plant felt like a stranger except for you .
colbie had gone to school and max was at the plant .
i m going to the plant .
he was now walking up the two lane highway , the plant almost three miles away .
he was still a mile and a half from the plant when maxs suv came up the road , his father at the wheel .
max was rubbing his left shoulder as they entered the front doors at the plant .
who is going to run the plant ?
the plant manager and the new hr guy can help .
we became friends after i was hired at the plant .
i told brenda i d check in at the plant .
i d have thought you d want to use something from the plant .
they were a few blocks from the plant when the headlights from annas car revealed a figure walking down the two - lane highway .
i left it at the plant .
on july , 5 , 1945 , that particular plane had been on return journey after dropping its payload over a manufacturing plant in japan and at some point it disappeared off the radar screen .
max watched jake from behind the plant and saw jakes good mood escalate .
max took in the scene and slumped to the floor behind the plant .
i think this area gets their power from a hydroelectric power plant .
but if the power came from a plant run by coal or natural gas , it would have shut down within a couple of days .
bank statements showing large withdrawals of cash we did n't know he had , combined with receipts that jasper said looked like excavation plant hire for a company in the same area that the deed was for , we figured he must have been digging for something on the property .
how they got nicotine is beyond anyones understanding , since tobacco plants were thousands of miles away and international trade had nt been established yet .
then others not so serious : a game room fire on pepper ave , a multitude of missing dogs seemingly from all over the neighborhood , repeated listings of night work at some power plant in the woods .
so far , no one had noticed anything because she handled shipping for a small steal fabricating plant just outside angle sides .
she realized her mistake and turned around at the power plant just down the highway and drove back slowly , mindful of any approaching cars in her rearview ( there were none ) , trying to fix an impression of the place in her mind to run as a baseline .
but the countryside had disappeared and on both sides there were piles of tarred ties still holding a little dirty snow , rusty heaps of girders , used car lots , the flaming pipes of chemical plants , mountains of garbage with crows and gulls circling above .
one morning he paid a visit to the office of carlton mcdonnough , which was located inside his manufacturing plant in the heart of the aberdeen downtown business district .
when the three men arrived back in aberdeen , they immediately went to work and removed all of the old and obsolete machinery in the plant and replaced them .
he and other officials had met the kendrew family months earlier when he visited their manufacturing plants to purchase guns on behalf of germany .
his plant is in america ... everybody thinks they 're above working the line for six bucks an hour -- which is what he would have to pay if he was gon na meet his half - dollar target .
` ` we determined that the only logical course of action was to send polyphemus to the comanche peak nuclear power plant outside of dallas .
i work hard and provide jobs for hundreds of people at this plant .
she took one more step and fell into the plant , getting tangled .
another neighbour , frank wanamaker , and i usually drove to and from the plant together , alternating cars .
i ' m not going shopping after working all day in that lousy , goddamn plant . ''
then i had to get another emergency pass to leave the plant .
i phoned the plant and said i would n't be back .
` ` there 's a little redheaded job at the plant , '' he said .
i thought about his having an affair with a redhead at the plant .
just ... phone the plant and tell them i ca n't make it to- '' i gasped as a cramp hit my stomach .
the radio was off , but - very faintly - steve could still hear johnny cash singing about how he 'd smuggled his car out of the gm plant in his lunchbucket , one piece at a time .
' yeah , he got a dose when the mars hill nuclear power plant blew up , ' jonesy said , and beaver 's puzzled expression made him immediately sorry for the crack .
the stench that filled the humvee was the smell of the red cancer growing in pearly 's sewage - treatment plant , first feeding on his wastes , then getting to the good stuff .
the twins dead and adriana , the oldest , eloped off to atlanta with one of his plant managers ... no wonder john had had enough of duma for awhile .
` ` i wonder just how surprised her father was when she up and eloped with one of his plant managers .
you see those trucks headed up to the water - treatment plant all the time .
he is halfway between the mound and home plate at one of the two little league fields behind the coke plant in bangor ; fred is almost all the way to the backstop .
when the hampden squad shows up at bangor west 's field , behind the coke plant , on july 17th , they quickly prove dave right .
he rouses himself only once , as he wheels his old green chevy into the rutted dirt parking lot beside the coke plant .
the first game is to be played at the bangor field , behind the coke plant , the second at bob beal field in machias .
so a makeshift cavalcade of vans and station wagons driven by coaches and parents is assembled at the field behind the coke plant , and the team is ferried the ten miles up to the university of maine field house , a barnlike indoor facility where neil and saint rally them through their paces until the boys are soaked with sweat .
mrs rogan had found work at the ford plant .
the residences on the right had given way to business buildings ( warehouses and meat - packing plants , most of them ) which blurred by in a scary but satisfying rush .
then the statue , not really sculpted at all but simply cast in some ohio plastics plant , had been set in place , still shrouded in a whack of canvas big enough to serve as a clippership sail .
the only differences he could see were that the dirty smudge of smoke which had always marked the town dump was gone ( the dump had been replaced with a modern waste - treatment plant ) , and a long overpass marched across the tangled greenery now - the turnpike extension .
the warehouses and packing plants he remembered from childhood - gloomy brick buildings with duty windows from which titanic meaty smells issued - were mostly gone , although the armour and the star beef meat - packing plants were still there .
the warehouses and packing plants he remembered from childhood - gloomy brick buildings with duty windows from which titanic meaty smells issued - were mostly gone , although the armour and the star beef meat - packing plants were still there .
the waste - treatment plant had taken over .
at 6:06 , every toilet on merit street suddenly exploded in a geyser of shit and raw sewage as some unimaginable reversal took place in the pipes which fed the holding tanks of the new waste - treatment plant in the barrens .
june 8th , 1985 raytheon , which had been scheduled to break ground on its derry plant in july , has decided at the last minute to build in waterville instead .
he 'll sometimes tell the story to a bunch of men sitting on one of the loading docks behind the plant and eating their lunches , him eating his lunch , too , the one he fixed for himself - no lulubelle back at home to do it for him these days .
hepperton processed meats plant of ames , iowa , would ring just about then , sparing him any questions from the new men ( the old hands knew ... and knew better than to ask ) about whether or not l.t .
was at the plant .
he was at the plant the day they found her car parked off that ranch road near caliente as well .
people were going to make it under bleachers and in the steam plant parking lot and in apartments and dormitory rooms .
if operators had time to isolate key portions of the grid to reduce connections , and then terminate power delivery altogether to areas prone to potential drains , a hydro plant could easily function for weeks or months .
he would have known or found out that the sewerpipe running out of cellblock 5 was the last one in shawshank not hooked into the new waste - treatment plant , and he would have known it was do it by mid-1975 or do it never , because in august they were going to switch us over to the new waste - treatment plant , too .
he would have known or found out that the sewerpipe running out of cellblock 5 was the last one in shawshank not hooked into the new waste - treatment plant , and he would have known it was do it by mid-1975 or do it never , because in august they were going to switch us over to the new waste - treatment plant , too .
` ` did you get out to the new plant in waterford ? ''
the site of the new plant was a vacated textile mill , and the smart mick realtor handling the deal kept calling him .
` ` two more months- '' ` ` in the waterford plant ? ''
a letter from the smart mick realtor who was peddling the waterford plant , saying there was a shoe company that was very interested in it , the tom mcan shoe company no less , no small cheese , and reminding him that the blue ribbon 's ninety - day option to buy ran out on november 26 .
we 're really going to murder universal when we get settled into the new plant , bart .
he wants me to drop over friday evening for a little talk about the waterford plant . ''
but just for your information , vinnie , the waterford plant is as good as ours .
i was talking to vinnie mason a little earlier , and he seemed to think you might be a little worried about the waterford plant . ''
` ` the question of the waterford plant came up at the last board meeting , '' ordner said .
the city assessed the old plant at six - twenty , and the boiler can go right across town .
of course , there is n't quite as much room for expansion , but the boys uptown say that since the main plant had already reached pretty much optimum size , there was no need for the extra room .
i estimate it will take two hundred and fifty thousand dollars for renovations before the waterford plant ever turns out a clean sheet . ''
` ` because i told him to stay at the plant . ''
joyously , he lied : ` ` thorn mcan had already notified the realtor that they 're not interested in the plant .
first , the option on the waterford plant is going to run out .
that sign will say : site of our new waterford plant tom mcan shoes here we grow again ! ! !
well , mary , the highway department is going to rip down the fir street plant in a month or so , and i kind of neglected to get us a new one .
oh , i 'd say a million or a million - five , depending on how long it takes them to find a new plant location and how much business they lose for good .
tom finished his tirade about yesterday 's game and asked him about the waterford plant and his meeting with ordner .
he went through his story about how thom mcan had decided they did n't want the waterford plant .
he picked up another fifty dollars paneling the walls of henry chalmers ' new family room - in those days , henry had been the plant foreman - and painting ralph tremont 's aging chris - craft .
` ` no , not the man that 's selling you the plant .
tom granger came running out of the plant in his shirtsleeves , his breath making short , stiff plumes in the cold air .
the mcan people signed the papers on the waterford plant at nine o'clock .
` ` what about the people at the laundry who are going to lose their jobs because there 's no new plant to switch to ? ''
you could have signed on the waterford plant .
i was supposed to sign an option on a new plant in a suburb called waterford and i did n't do it . ''
` ` because you did n't buy that plant ? ''
he kept asking if any of us had any idea you had been sandbagging the waterford plant .
now , watching the crane halt at the base of the long brick plant , just to the left of what had been the loading bays , the sense of it came to him .
he had screwed up the plant .
he had been taking them around the plant , hoping to convince them to buy in .
most of the kids at the nursery school were associated either with stovington prep or with the small ibm plant just outside of town .
in 1980 the town had had two industries , a factory that made paper products ( for picnics and barbecues , mostly ) and a plant that made electronic calculators .
now the paper factory was shut down and the calculator plant was ailing - they could make them a lot cheaper in taiwan , it turned out , just like those portable tvs and transistor radios .
henry carmichael and stu redman both worked at the calculator plant but rarely got more than thirty hours a week .
he thought that bryce might have his own guilt to carry ... and that bryce might be a little ashamed of the fact that his brother had turned into just another good old boy in a dying texas town , spending his days doing time in the calculator plant , and his nights either down at hap 's or over at the indian head drinking lone star beer .
the atomic power plant in the small town of fouke , about thirty miles from the texas border , had been plagued with minor circuitry problems in the equipment that controlled the pile 's cooling cycle , but there was no cause for alarm .
when this man handed you a tract you took it no matter what the subject : the dangers of atomic power plants , the role played by the international jewish cartel in the overthrow of friendly governments , the cia - contra - cocaine connection , the farm workers ' unions , the jehovah 's witnesses ( if you can answer these ten questions ` ` yes , '' you have been saved !
this guy knows just enough to get the power plant which serves beacon hill running again .
it would mostly be a matter of knowing which switches to pull when the plant went into an automatic shutdown .
there 's no one to run the power plant .
will they send their pet technician up to utica to help them get their power plant going again ?
` ` they ca n't get their power plant going , but they can fire a nuclear missile at beantown . ''
` ` him and that electrician , brad kitchner , have been looking at the power plant . ''
it seemed to him that all the things they wanted or needed from the old life were stored in the silent east boulder power plant , like dusty treasure in a dark cupboard .
there was one man , a fellow named impening , who had once lived in boulder and worked on one of the custodial crews at the ibm plant out on the boulder - longmont diagonal .
according to ralph , there was n't that much wrong at the power plant , at least not that much visible .
that afternoon ralph drove him out to the power plant .
stu was at the power plant with nick when glen burst in .
he used to hire me on , if he could , when i was laid off at the calculator plant in town .
` ` the power plant .
oatley , new york , deep in the heart of genny county , seemed now to be a horrible trap that had been laid for him ... a kind of municipal pitcher plant .
' well , my dad went out to chicago and he got a job in a plant out there , ' jack said .
for one moment he really believed he would simply fly out of the pitcher plant and into the night ... free .
it 's called the creamery because there used to be a real dairy barn and milk - bottling plant over there .
he does n't know it , but he 's described the symptoms of radiation poisoning almost to a t. they had studied both nuclear weapons and the consequences of exposure to radiation in a physical science mod the year before - because his mother was at least casually involved in both the nuclear - freeze movement and the movement to prevent the proliferation of nuclear power plants , jack had paid very close attention .
he stepped behind the plant .
he pushed to his feet and walked around the potted plant .
their mother worked as a secretary at holmes aircraft , the helicopter plant out in westville , and a series of sitters came in to stay with the boys , except by then it was just hal that the sitters had to mind through the day -- bill was in first grade , big school .
there 's been an explosion at the helicopter plant !
it was mrs . stukey from the helicopter plant who brought the news and stayed with them those first two endless nights , until aunt ida got down from maine .
that nuclear plant at wiscassett is too close for comfort . '
you wanted to talk about how some guys almost blew up arkansas looking for faulty wiring with a candle in a nuclear - power plant .
if it was n't chernobyl it was seabrook , and if it was n't seabrook it was three - mile island and if it was n't three - mile island it was maine yankee in wiscasset or what could have happened at the hanford plant in washington state if someone had n't happened to notice , just in the nick of time , that their used core rods , stored in an unlined ditch outside , were getting ready to blow sky - high .
had to be bay state , because bay state owned the boondoggle that was the iroquois plant .
there were logical arguments against nuclear - power plants that he could muster , but at times like this he could only find the inarticulate cry of his heart .
she was the first casualty along the death march with this guy 's power plant at the end .
' did you see the photographs of the army guys in radiation suits walking around a power plant half an hour 's drive from harrisburg ?
' if so , i would hope for your sake that you and your husband really are located a safe distance from the plant ... they keep goofing , you know .
' ted here can lie about how vastly overrated it all was , nothing but a little fire and a lot of headline fodder , and all of you can even believe him ... but the fact is , what happened at the chernobyl nuclear plant released more radioactive waste into the atmosphere of this planet than all the a - bombs set off aboveground since trinity .
or maybe right here in massachusetts , if this fellow here has his way and the iroquois plant goes on - line in the spring .
would any of those things keep the iroquois nuclear - power plant from going on - line next may ?
bobbi was about as likely to go back to utica for the fourth as he was to apply as an intern at the new bay state nuclear plant .
gardener thought about it hard , his head down , one hand gripping the can of beer bobbi had given him , the other gripping his forehead , and suddenly he was back at that terrible party listening to ted the power man defend the iroquois plant which even now was loading hot rods : if we gave these nuke - freaks what they wanted , they 'd turn around a month or so later and start whining about not being able to use their blow - dryers , or found out their cuisinarts were n't going to work when they wanted to mix up a bunch of macrobiotic food .
this is how it would be c this is how it will be c if one of their asshole power plants ever does melt down .
the people will have smarts enough to get out c if they 're warned in time , that is , and if the power plant in question and the nrc have balls enough to tell them c but you ca n't tell an owl or woodpecker to clear the area .
' i had been picketing nuclear power plants on that assumption , yes , ' gardener said slowly .
he felt a slow sinking dread in his gut , a feeling that it had to be maine yankee , had to be something with the state 's only nuclear plant , had to be , only something that big could have caused this kind of extraordinary response almost a whole country away .
then the new waste treatment plant had gone into operation on the other side of town , and now , a quarter of a mile beyond the camber place , the road simply ended at a place where a heavy chain was strung across it .
the ashes went out with the trash and were disposed of at the augusta waste - treatment plant .
uncle will was aunt helen 's husband and at times he stayed days at the missile plant .
the dirt from the plant .
hey flo , i m telling you ill be late if i ca nt get out this door in the next three minutes , complained one of the young guys who drove daily to the county seat to the east to spend the day working at the plant manufacturing rear attachments for tractors .
that s when i overheard crude language coming from a table full of workers who drove daily over to justice city to toil in the tractor rear attachment equipment manufacturing plant .
according to the doubters , the entire plant only recently received raises , including a cost of living adjustment .
it did nt make any sense for a business to do something like that if they intended to close the plant .
several of the younger guys employed at the farm implement plant over at justice city moved towards the register to pay their bills .
were all pretty worried some really bad news is waiting for us at the plant .
in case you have nt heard , there s lots of talk about the plant closing down .
bridges fail , relationships fail , our health fails , peace treaties fail , governments fail , religions fail , economic and monetary systems fail , judicial systems fail , atomic power plants fail , tooth fillings fail , our brain cells fail , super glue fails , lifetime warranties fail everything fails !
my impatience with the slowness of the men may have been somewhat tempered by my suspicion that these guys probably discussed the developing story relating to the possible plant closing in justice city .
the local paper picked up on the story and reported the plant owner refused to comment on any aspect of the rampant rumors going around .
possibly the ub2 affair would have dominated local conversations for days or weeks , except that steady rumors started to arrive by lunch time reporting the likelihood of the plant in justice city closing .
if the plant no longer existed , hundreds of local bread winners stood to lose everything .
as the monotonous radio voices in the background went on and on about any of a hundred issues threatening our countrys way of life , my mind drifted back to the matter of the loss of jobs if the local plant closed down .
the farm implement manufacturing plant over in justice city has announced they are presently entering into discussions with outsiders to sell the plant .
the farm implement manufacturing plant over in justice city has announced they are presently entering into discussions with outsiders to sell the plant .
will , the loss of that plant will just about destroy this county .
what ill do is not burden you with a lot of detail right now and simply ask you to find out if the workers at the plant in justice city have a company sponsored savings plan .
the mayor , the preacher , and all the new faces this was about the plant closing !
well , okay , i said directly to the room full of dejected plant workers .
if i find there is even the slightest chance of coming up with a viable plan that will keep this plant and your jobs here , i will let you know as soon as possible .
upon our arrival at the table , the older of the two men standing with preacher roy held out his hand and introduced himself as jack fletcher , the plant superintendent .
the plant superintendent reported hearing that the main obstacle standing in the way of a sale going through fast dealt with the buyer having no real need for the real estate .
the buyers proposed to absorb part of the additional manufacturing capacity into their huge modern plant in texas .
second , the owner went on record saying he hoped to keep the plant going in its current location .
third , the employees definitely wanted to keep the plant operating right there in justice city .
the first and most important questions to ask the plant employees are : are they willing to invest in their own future ?
the plant superintendent caught my attempt at humor and did likewise .
if the plant disappeared into the giant corporate off - shoring vortex presently consuming the countrys manufacturing jobs , all those nice peoples economic lives went along with it .
i recognized one of the two as the plant superintendent , jack fletcher .
soon as we sat down , the plant owner started in .
the plant superintendent kept his mouth shut , but rolled his eyes following the owners rude remark .
you may want to look into it because , assuming your business is profitable , there is a distinct possibility both you and your employees can benefit by working together to keep the plant functioning right where it is .
the plant superintendents eyes opened wider than silver dollars .
only when they started to move towards the front door did the plant owner respond .
has anyone at the plant contacted me ?
there was : the loveem or beatem up preacher roy ; the paranoid mayor / realtor / insurance salesman ; ub2 ; big bob ( apparently dumb as a stick ) buford ; flo , the man hunter / waitress ; the arrogant and possibly uncaring plant owner ; the heartbroken junior junior ; jasper , the forgetful gunslinger ; and now , the most frighteningly self - conscious judge i had ever met .
and the mayor , along with the plant employees , will they simply push me aside after i figure out a way to save their potentially ungrateful asses ?
you mean somebody is opposed to your helping to keep the plant here ?
the excitement the plant employees exhibited over the interest the plant owner displayed towards my esop idea grew stronger daily .
the excitement the plant employees exhibited over the interest the plant owner displayed towards my esop idea grew stronger daily .
i also toted along two more bags of cookies given to me along the way by the grateful wives of plant workers who now , at least , maintained some slight hope of financial salvation .
i suppose you must know by now how much we all appreciate your help to save the local folks jobs over at the plant .
a little over an hour later , i watched the plant superintendents truck pull up out in front of the diner .
he d called earlier to see if i had sometime to talk with him about the developing situation over at the plant in justice city .
the plant superintendent did not indicate one way or the other relating to whether or not the esop idea was a possibility .
i really could nt come up with a thing , apart from going to work at the plant in some engineering capacity .
so well just have to wait and see , i said to myself as the plant superintendent exited his truck to come inside .
good morningor rather , good afternoon , will , said the plant superintendent as he came through the door and advanced towards where i awaited his arrival .
the plant superintendents excitement morphed into giddiness by the time he stopped talking .
ill also let the plant owner , mr . olson , know you re going to help which i m sure he will be pleased to hear .
no sooner did i arrive at a table , bus pan in hand , than the occupants of the nearest table reminded me of how much they appreciated my hard work at the diner and my efforts to help to save the justice city plant , and that they were looking forward to the great debate .
will , this is jack fletcher at the plant .
included on the list , along with the usual chores , was the 3 p.m. meeting with the plant committee and a note to call carlton about going to topeka to play golf as i promised .
i hoped to have the greater part of the work completed prior to the plant committee arriving .
i looked at my watch and determined the rest of my chores were going to have to wait until after the meeting with the guys from the plant .
my timing was good because as i exited the kitchen after setting out several dozen , frozen cinnamon roll pellets , the gang from the plant walked through the door .
as i expected , the three men accompanying the plant superintendent looked to him to provide the answer to my question .
i did nt know how much assistance i d be able to provide them since i was nt privy to the plants financial papers .
the owner of the plant is going to sell either one of two things : a viable plant and equipment with a verifiable profit stream or merely a big building with idle equipment .
the owner of the plant is going to sell either one of two things : a viable plant and equipment with a verifiable profit stream or merely a big building with idle equipment .
and furthermore , you guys will need to invest some funds to ascertain these facts as well as get a contract drawn up and signed with the plant owner to give you exclusive rights to purchase the company for the time it will take you to find out whether or not this is a good investment .
surely more stuff hung around in the back of my brain that i could drag out and get all flummoxed over , possibly that little issue with the employees over in justice city counting on me to guide them through their negotiations with the present plant owner .
she was nt in on the proposed plant sale to the local employees .
searching for more friendly faces , i caught sight of my fellow viet nam vet , and near him sat several familiar faces from the justice city plant group .
the workers and the plant owner were possibly finalizing the paper work to make investors out of the plant employees thereby saving their jobs .
the workers and the plant owner were possibly finalizing the paper work to make investors out of the plant employees thereby saving their jobs .
the plant employees had even waved to me on the way out .
i d caught a glimpse of the plant owner and the plant superintendent heading for the door .
i d caught a glimpse of the plant owner and the plant superintendent heading for the door .
i suddenly thought about how all this might affect the esop deal at the plant over in justice city .
the one thing that stood out to me the most was the presence of the plant superintendent , jack fletcher , along with a couple of the guys that i knew to be part of his advisory committee .
everything going well at the plant , i hope ?
answered the plant superintendent .
some issues have come up of late , will , responded the plant superintendent .
going on where , in the economy , the stock market , at the plant , with the esop deal , in jonesboro , in the world ?
work is also starting to slow down at the plant due to the lack of new dealer orders for inventory .
or , and this is a big or , do you exchange whatever value you presently retain in your 401ks for ownership in a manufacturing plant ?
their skills dealt with assembling machinery and farming , and no doubt they were good at both , but to glibly tell them to make decisions relating to assuming ownership of a multi - million manufacturing plant was silly .
tell us what you think , will , please , came the plea from the plant superintendent .
okay , heres what i think you should do , if you still have any interest in taking over ownership of the plant .
secondly , make every effort to find out the real reason for the fall off in plant orders .
make the plant owner provide documented support in the form of sale orders supporting the plants continued viability .
make the plant owner provide documented support in the form of sale orders supporting the plants continued viability .
and if necessary , tell the plant owner you are going to need an extension on the closing date , especially if the information is not forthcoming immediately .
the first one was from the plant owner asking me what the hell i was doing trying to screw up the employee buy out deal .
in my latest attempt to help the plant employees , the plant owner put me at the very top of his excrement list .
in my latest attempt to help the plant employees , the plant owner put me at the very top of his excrement list .
where only recently i d been showered with cookies by practically every mother and wife in town and thanked profusely for rescuing the diner , as well as revered for saving local jobs at the justice city plant , i was now looked upon by some of the same people as a trouble making outsider .
the plant owner had called back one last time to inform me he intended to consult with his attorneys to see about suing me for causing the deal to fail .
and i have to tell you i ve never had much truck with that plant owner .
they have been approached by syncom industries with an offer to develop part of the land as a site for a large plastics plant , but they are looking for alternatives .
there was an old red wagon , some building blocks , a plant that looked like- timmers is on the surface of lost secret , a voice told her .
we have been operating as an organic milk plant .
with a tremendous effort , mitch said in a voice that sounded like granite , you re standing on my watermelon plant !
sure enough , his massive shoes were right over a watermelon plant , smashing it right into the ground .
itchy mitch may be fast as lighting with a gun , and may be able to beat up a big galoot like big tom if he s dumb enough to step on his watermelon plant , but there s one scoundrel in the west who does nt use guns or fists , and that no one can beat !
they found him weeding around his squash plant in the garden in front of his office .
the chemical plant almost blowing up with us inside of it , that was crazy , barnaby said , taking his cue from ketty .
taking swene 's thankfully dry palm she walked with him through the lobby , patrons sneaking looks over newspapers and from behind pot plants , men and women whose sole concern was to be somewhere else , yet taking secret pleasure in the closeness of the threat , such as it was , the fugitives a highlight in their otherwise dull existences .
they have been installed in the dayton plant .
the family decided against a tree for the apartment , instead hanging some ornaments on a large potted plant .
the only issue with that is it traverses a rather steep incline over by the waxing plant .
soon the poor pauper was signing papers , selling his home to a canning plant looking to expand its factory .
his pride kept him from revealing his makeshift quarters behind the plant , and instead he said , oh , i m still living on shuttlecock .
all that changed , however , when a shrewd entrepreneur opened an automated canning plant in nearby cambridge .
poor bugs simply could not keep pace with demand , but the canning plant had no such issue .
there were two young boys racing each other around the potted plants and again there were no adults to be found supervising them .
mikes father was a foreman at the local steel plant .
but unfortunately , in those days pro football offers were nt what they are today , and the elder mr . bracker had to settle for a life of hard labor at the steel plant to support his family .
the winery was clean though , and the ancient bottling plant set up and ready to go .
` ` there is much to be said for that particular power plant . ''
the power plant housed a tight compression , impressive after leaving the assembly line so many years ago .
emmett tried not to glance at the cannabis plants sprouting happily from the pot plant at the door and smiled with terror .
could have had a job with dupont any time he wanted george production supervisor or production superintendant depending on the whims of the management pete george 's assistant dan , dan the catalyst man a worker bobski pilot plant operator .
the early morning sunlight cast long shadows from the row of gleaming metal chimneys on the roof of the building opposite which housed the plant , pointing accusingly , like so many fingers at the piles of scrap , hastily dumped into the yard after saturday 's experimental run .
along the vast , windowless wall of the plant building , 26 parking spaces had been marked out .
as he watched , the first of the factory workers began to trickle in through the gates , bobski the expatriate pole with a hernia who ran the pilot plant , weaving between the barrels of chemicals across the slippery yard on a bicycle and his oppo ernie trailing along behind with the tea things .
a few moments later , george the plant supervisor pulled into no.16 in his beloved beetle , to be joined by his assistant , pete in no.17 before he had time to open the car door .
they disappeared together through the nearby side entrance into the plant and melksham smiled inwardly , ticked them off on his master copy and settled back in his chair .
as if an airliner was taking off outside his window , the mighty fans in the plant building wound themselves up to their endless task of sucking out tdi fumes , discharging them through the metal chimneys .
melksham had failed to realise that the staff never parked in the area he had designated as bays 7,8 & 9 so that the road tankers would have room to back round before entering the plant loading bay .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * bobski 's first task was to go round the pilot plant , switching on the various pumps , tank heaters and odds and ends of machinery which drowned out the calm of the morning with a whirring and clanking medley of noises , combining to make up a demonic orchestra which would not cease until they knocked off at the end of the day .
ernie , meanwhile switched on the battered electric kettle and threw the grouts of saturday 's tea out into the yard before clearing a space on the unbelievably filthy , rickety wooden desk which served as the pilot plant office .
they were twice the size of an ordinary bucket and a full one in each hand was as much as most would care to lift , though dan could be seen at almost any time of day toiling to and fro about the plant with them like some black boiler suited , scraggy milkmaid .
` ` i ' ve been promoted from plant supervisor to plant superintendent . ''
peddle sighed and returned to his own private form of suffering while george set off happily in the direction of the plant .
he was the worst plant operator they had ever had .
` ` you did n't have time to sweep out the pilot plant while you were at , i suppose ? ''
the departmental effort began to focus itself with increasing intensity towards the problem , but grey and dave had their suspicions even before the first plant trial that there was a common reason for the superb flame retardence and the structural weakness of the new foam so that you could n't have one without the other .
the whole staff had been there , including millar , very early on a bright sunny saturday morning to find that the maintenance fitters were already swarming all over the plant , tearing at its vitals with the inevitable stillsons , peeling little shiny brass flakes from the pipe fittings as they disconnected and rejoined the numerous rubber hoses .
when the plant had been commissioned , its makers had supplied an impressive kit of spanners which now occupied a glass case above the foreman 's desk , still in their virginal film of protective grease in marked contrast to the much thumbed ' big is beautiful ' engineer 's calendar casually tacked to the woodwork alongside it .
dave had never actually been on the plant at the switching on of the fans and was thus unprepared .
as they entered the lab through the back door they met grey , mincing delicately across the black , resinous filth which covered the pilot plant floor ( bobski had won the last 14 consecutive games , ernie becoming so infuriated that he refused to sweep up , maintaining that bobski made most of the mess anyway ) .
` ` how can i run the plant with all this lot blocking the place up ?
dave had gone back round to the now silent plant building for a final look at the stuff on the belt .
` ` about half the blokes on the plant replied to the ad !
` ` surely , it ca n't be that profitable or there would n't be anybody left to run the plant by now , would there ? ''
peddle held open the door which led from the plant building to the car park .
tall , gaunt and stooping beneath the terrible , crushing weight of that unseen albatross around his neck , his blackness was accentuated by the gleaming whiteness of the boiler suit which was the uniform of the servants of the plant .
` ` he was n't always like he is now '' continued peddle as they strolled across the car park in the direction of the canteen , ` ` in fact , he was quite the life and soul of the plant , would you believe ?
` ` we have a duty to translate pat 's improvements on to the plant .
taylor was at the other factory and peddle was over on the plant , thomas was nowhere to be seen .
copy and made his way to the pilot plant , surreptitiously sneaking in through the side door while bobski was occupied with dik and smith up at the other end .
ernie was sat at the desk reading the pilot plant copy .
he put on his interview suit and caught the early train to london , arriving ten minutes early at the plush offices of monsanto ( uk ) ltd . to see the overseas marketing manager and the plant manager ( toronto ) who had flown over specially to interview for the post .
` ` i 'd like you to make a start in the pilot plant .
dave and rees were in the pilot plant .
` ` this plant is known throughout the factory as ' the old four d ' , to whit - dirty , dilapidated , disgusting and downright dangerous and in my opinion ought to be scrapped .
coat had put her head round the open pilot plant doorway .
` ` if you take it , development wo n't have anything except that dreadful old heap of rubbish in the pilot plant . ''
mr happy made to turn off towards the main plant building , paused and leaned towards dave 's ear .
1973 chapter 8 two days after rees had left , dave was working on the ' old 4d ' on his own in the pilot plant .
in desperation he staggered along the wall , groping towards the surgery which was some thirty yards away , its doorway giving on to the same wall as the pilot plant .
red eyed but resolute and burping gently from the aftermath of his lunch , he returned to his workplace to find the engineers in the act of wheeling a shiny monster into the pilot plant , its control console encased in polythene wrappings , its pipework smelling of rubber .
they crowded self - consciously into the pilot plant , their uniform of the dark suit oddly contrasting with his own white lab .
mr happy , with commendable courage , leapt for the main electrical control box beside the entrance doorway , clapped the ' on - off ' lever down and carried on outside to safety while the terrified executives scrambled over each other in their retreat to the far end of the pilot plant and an inadequate degree of protection behind the grime and grease of the ' old 4d ' .
dave had stood up carefully and was about to approach it when the first of the mould clamps yielded to the mounting internal pressure and with a loud ' bang ' the butterfly nut and its bolt hurtled across the pilot plant , ricochetting off a pipe past a row of white executive faces and losing itself in a corner .
perhaps ten seconds had passed after the last explosion before mr happy , closely followed by folklore and grey ( who had only just got news of the demonstration and had arrived at the doorway in time to catch most of the action ) cautiously let themselves into the pilot plant .
said dave , placing the receiver in its cradle and recalling that the works engineer had been in the pilot plant to see the machine in .
the sound of recriminations and apportionment of blame attracted dave to the pilot plant , along with howell who happened to be passing and always enjoyed a good show .
the pilot plant was particularly affected by the lack of tools so that , over the years , rees had found ways to do most of the running work with only a file , which was covered in grimy residues of compound and had no handle - only the tang end , somewhat buckled and a screwdriver with a chipped blade and a bent shaft , similarly encrusted .
` ` our pilot plant is always a model of efficiency and quiet excellence '' he quipped .
he led the way to the pilot plant and picked up the file which still lay where dave had dropped it .
after tea , he returned thoughtfully to the pilot plant and the third drum .
the fitter returned with him to the pilot plant , bored a hole in the framework of the ' old 4d ' and ' pop ' rivetted the other end of the chain to it so that the pliers hung down out of sight behind the casing .
` ` mr folklore wishes you to go with him to british united plastics , to visit their new resin plant .
eventually , they were taken on a brief tour of the resin plant and thence off to lunch , which , he had come to realise , was the object of the whole exercise as far as folklore was concerned .
on wednesday morning he unlocked the pilot plant and checked the chain which still dangled behind the ' old 4d ' .
what may or may not have been said has never been revealed , but the minutes of the works meeting for that week contain a reference to a new super optical whitening system which would overturn the economics of the low colour - index market and there was a dry smile on grey 's face when he returned the sample to the pilot plant the following monday morning .
dave was in the pilot plant .
says he wants you to keep it running when you have any spare time , so it looks as though you are going to have to put your white coat on and get into the pilot plant . ''
one quiet summer morning , when the temperature in the pilot plant was too high for the ' old 4d ' to function properly and the staff stayed languidly at their desks , drinking company issue free orange juice , cooled with ice cubes from the physics lab .
the controller carried a three amp fuse and yet , the catastrophic failure had to have been caused by a heavy overload , more consistent with the sort of thing he had seen on large electrical plant .
` ` to the pilot plant ! ''
he waited for a count of four thuds and opened the pilot plant door .
he spread the fingers of his left hand on the pilot plant desk and proceeded to stab the wood between each finger in turn , the heavy blade sinking half an inch into the desktop each time .
the management were dispersed all over the plant , done up in varying degrees of protective clothing .
it was many months later that a tdi test taken outside the main door of the plant building showed a reading of 0.04ppm , twice the tlv .
they were recycling their own air , and the plant operators still wore respirators !
the plant and all its servants stood and waited beneath the brain - numbing cacophany of the mighty fans for seventeen long minutes until the wellington booted figure at last appeared with a bland , repleted expression from the direction of the catalyst room khazi .
the plant went into an instant mechanical coma , all the little red pilot lights went off , the conveyors lurched to an abrupt stop and the fans did their usual imitation of a boeing 707 coming into land .
george was promoted from plant superintendant to plant supervisor .
` ` taken off the project and sentenced to a priority three job in the pilot plant . ''
i ' ve been put to work on sage 's small machine in the pilot plant .
greeted him as he pushed open the pilot plant door to inspect the jumble of machinery within .
maybe the pilot plant was n't such a bad entombment after all .
` ` i ' ve just been promoted to the pilot plant .
` ` i ' ve just been given a priority three job in the pilot plant . ''
` ` i did n't quite say that but i think that we should stop these expensive and futile plant runs .
and that '' , he said to mellow , ` ` is where i am at issue with mr folklore and hence my relegation to the pilot plant . ''
dik had imbibed one over the usual three pints of ' red barrel ' the previous friday lunchtime and then ordered him to move the notorious ' skipping barrel ' to the opposite end of the pilot plant for a joke .
dave had drawn off 10 gallons into a smaller container for ease of handling and rolled it into a corner of the pilot plant where it had resided ever since .
he waited until the fourth ' thud ' on the other side of the pilot plant door before opening it .
at the end of his experiments , he sat down to compose a lengthy report , concluding flamboyantly that with simple processing plant , he could turn a 30 000 annual loss into a half - million gain .
the gateman waved him through as if he still came in daily and his spot in the car park , the number 22 still painted on the plant wall , was empty .
` ` we had a blowout on the small machine in the pilot plant , caught both of them in the face .
` ` i ' m glad you 're here , we 're a bit short handed with the pilot plant blokes off sick .
if i want quick results then i have to get in contract engineers and my money will be swallowed up in a week - i 'll be stuck with a half finished plant that i ca n't do anything with . ''
throughout all those years , the mighty fans continued to extract vast amounts of chemicals for discharge into the environment , including upwards of two tons per plant per week of fluorocarbon 11 ( we call them cfcs these days ) .
mr plant ?
mr plant .
certainly , old boy , smiled haddington , ill tell mr plant you were thinking of him .
by murdering mr plant ?
yes , he said mr plant would be happy there .
there 's also a few birth - control plants , a few for controlling bleeding and a few cleaners .
the grinning agent proudly ignited his german power plant and then they headed off at warp speed , lamps ablaze , through the thick split - pea soup while he then reminisced about his recent holiday ... in of all places , australia .
arnolds first impression of the place resembled a cross between the aftermath of an invasion during the blitz and a recycling plant .
i made my way over to the plant to meet rumsford hatton vi , the 31 - year - old skateboard - riding ceo , with an iphone on his hip , and custom metal and glass straws in his breast - pocket for tasting the product .
the railroad marshaling yard next to the plant is being turned into an outdoor railroad museum , and the signal tower is being converted into a media center featuring the industrial history of the neighborhood , now rushed into opening after the chattersworthy complex shut down .
the school had bought the old heffernan poultry processing plant in wrestling hill , and was now using the giant refrigerated spaces to store historical things , like candle - snuffers , fire - bells , and old troop - shipsthat sort of thing .
we drop the led zeppelin number because none of us can reach those top robert plant notes , and replace it with the less vocally ambitious black magic woman .
it appeared to not have had a coat of wax since being driven out of the assembly plant .
re - tool the gigglesplosives factory for baby powder , and ... i believe the peekaboo serum plant could produce baby oil in a pinch .
once the visitors had seen the chicken ranches and processing plants , they had pretty much seen all that midvale had to offer ; so most of them passed the time milling around the park , eating fast - foods and buying knickknacks from the makeshift stands .
these chickens got to be to the plant today .
got ta be getting these birds to the plant right now .
the plant near the office has a dirty puddle of water underneath it .
someone left a pitcher full of water in the plant .
hill will leave the bus parked and catch a ride back to the plant with one of the flatbeds .
packing plants and juice processors keep track of the number of boxes coming in .
once the trucks are unloaded , the drivers will take them back to the juice plant to reload with more boxes .
the truck drivers tied down loads when their trucks were full , departed for the plant and the once impressive fleet became less so .
on saturday afternoon , when the pay window at the citrus plant opens to pay off the pickers , he finds someone willing to stand in line a bit and cash in his tickets .
and the only way to get paid is to get to the pay window at the plant , and its only open a few hours saturday afternoon .
wills running late because he had to stop by the plant to use their mimeograph machine .
uli over there she pointed at boyish one told me his dad was a plant foreman , but now , since the changes , he s a janitor and a drunk .
the yellow liquid inside the needle glowed like reservoir water fed by a dozen chemical plants , a few nuclear reactors , and three great danes .
all they had to do was figure out how to make one big enough to run an electric plant that could power all the houses in tehran ( make hydrogen bombs with tel aviv painted on the side ) .
he and rick used to work together in pineville and tylers an engineer and works for the power plant in alexandria .
each hour , or once approximately three hundred - thousand pills have been pressed , a worker loads them by hand into another industrial - sized machine ( in an industrial plant , all machines are industrial - sized ) resembling a tumble dryer for clothes , but twenty times the size .
not an intentional contaminant that would be exceedingly difficult because most pharmaceutical factories search employees as they enter the plant , and because machines handle most of the process , giving few opportunities for potentially malicious human hands .
warehouses without end , dumpsites , a quarry , maintenance sheds , vehicle garages , water plants , sewage plants , and god knows what else filled these surrounding lands .
warehouses without end , dumpsites , a quarry , maintenance sheds , vehicle garages , water plants , sewage plants , and god knows what else filled these surrounding lands .
last week i innocently mentioned to a co - worker that i needed to go visit one of the manufacturing plants under his area of responsibility .
i slid close to a large palm plant to hide myself from their prying eyes , and was doubly grateful for the protection when the doors to the hall opened and a couple hurriedly stepped inside .
ahead of this plant our footway was splitting in to two different lanes .
do not pluck - off any lemon , else the owner of plant get angry on you , i called out to warn her .
( mati hari , toilet roll hat , single roller skate , house plant ) ` ` suzie wobblebottom '' suzie what ?
list of elements for challenges 27 - 52 ( including grudge matches 1 - 4 and the autumn & winter solstice opens ) and weekend quickies 1 - 23 27 - millennium falcon , gi joe action figures , waffle iron , slim whitman 28 - goat powered washing machine , petri dish , fried green tomatos , menacing stranger 29 - nummo the alien , banana slippers , a cricket ball , an elementary school spelling bee 30 - pareidolia , jousting female knight , feather boa , bag of doorknobs 31 - live griffin , peanut butter and banana sandwich , ventriloquist , delorean 32 - centaur , megalomaniac , the oracle of all knowledge , abandoned outhouse autumn equinox open elimination round - balloon animals , lydia the tattooed lady , tontine centre court wimbledon autumn equinox open final - sadomasochistic machiavellinism , tatting shuttles , rickshaw , bagpipes 33 - leviathan , any george formby song , jar of bacon fat , necklace 34 - dressed herring , tuba , space station , phone booth grudge match 1 - murderous unicorn , the apollo lunar roving vehicle , a fantasy football draft must be a part of the main scene of the story , the story must be written from the pov of someone with a mental illness or developmental delay 35 - israel kamakawiwoole , twister ( the game ) , hot air balloon , fishnet stockings 36 - 12 sweaty sumo wrestlers , indestructible filing cabinet , wooden hanger , big wheel ( tricycle ) 37 - perry mason , the lone ranger , daisy duke , the bionic woman 38 - roman merchant sailing vessel , flour sack girdle , bunny , the wonder elephant , the royal shakespearian company 39 - can of campbells alphabet soup , the phrase live long and prosper , 2000 year old map of the earth , empty snuff box 40 - kahla , motherboard , told from the pov of a shark looking for a meal , must be written in ' terza rima ' 41 - the antikythera mechanism , voodoo witch doctor , kryptonite , houndstooth shoes 42 - supercalifragilisticexpialidocious , buried silver julep cup , there must be two main characters and one must be responsible for the death of the other , synchronous fireflies ( photinus carolinus ) 43 - voyager spacecraft ( satellite ) , female mma fighter , needle and thread , 10 long , 12 diameter pvc pipe 44 - child 's wagon , bug zapper , cranberries , faded dragon slayer manual 45 - judge , victim , liberal , conservative 46 - haboob , high diving horse , birmingham jail song , yves rossy , the jetman 47 - the golden fleece , a mudskipper , james bond mini spy kit , a rhinestone tiara 48 - mati hari , toilet roll hat , single roller skate , house plant 49 - muppet , escalator , stop sign , any 1970s book 50 - snow rollers , harpy , nail gun , motorcycle airbag 51 - no to be verbs , dying in a dream , ` ` punch and judy '' - it can either be a literal use of a punch and judy show , or an interpretation based on the common storyline of your typical punch and judy show , one of your characters must have a secret crush 52 - how you would quit your job , the scent of rain , kiwi bird , joan of arc ) weekend quickie 1 - image - burning wicker man , element - applesauce , emotion - abject despair weekend quickie 2 - image - victorian women fight over a pair of breeches , element - a can of alphabet soup , emotion - elation weekend quickie 3 - image - pink bird of paradise , element - snowglobe , emotion - hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia weekend quickie 4 - image - hurricane off the south coast of the usa , element - flora - bama ( bar ) , emotion - sugar - induced hysteria weekend quickie 5 - image - autumn , element - 1909 penny covered in mars dust , emotion - dj vu weekend quickie 6 - image - white lizard , element - a can of pumpkin , emotion - bravado weekend quickie 7 - image - batman & batgirl kissing , element - a cake walk , emotion - confusion weekend quickie 8 - image - snow - ridden road at night , element - a lost dog , emotion - incredulity weekend quickie 9 - image - italian restaurant with family sitting outside , element - tangerine lifesaver , emotion - inspired creativity weekend quickie 10 - image - chocolate cake with ' 14 ' candles , element - a son or mother , emotion - extreme devotion weekend quickie 11 - image - large turkey float in parade , element - a lava lamp , emotion - thankfulness weekend quickie 12 - image - storm in the distance down a long road , element - musical notes , emotion - a longing inspired by beauty , that you thought you d overcome weekend quickie 13 - image - melissani cave on kefalonia , greece , element - cyclorama , emotion - enchantment 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 1 - image - man jumping across train carriages , element - partridge in a pear tree , emotion - infinite possibility 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 2 - image - woman blowing dust from her hands , element 1 - magic beans , element 2 - two turtle doves 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 3 - image - old bottle with sample tag , emotion - anticipation , element - three french hens 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 4 - image - old man and woman sitting at an upright piano , emotion - euphoria , element - four colly birds 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 5 - image - woman pushing a trolley / pram with twin boys and a christmas tree inside , emotion - an irresistible urge to disco , element - five gold rings 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 6 - image - giant hand picking up a car from a carpark , element 1 - six geese a laying , who will only lay to the sound of abba , element 2 - uncle boom - boom , your mothers sisters second husband 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 7 - image - caravans in a ' spend the night party ' , emotion - a numinous feeling , element - seven swans a swimming 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 8 - image - santas wearing beards in a santa school , emotion - psithurism , element - eight maids - a - milking 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 9 - image - lightning strikes on bay bridge , san francisco , emotion - exhiliration , element - eight ladies dancing 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 10 - image - night sky with stars and a church , emotion - wonder inspired by a miracle , element - ten lords a leaping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 11 - image - girl and boy kneeling in front of christmas fireplace , emotion - joy and anticipation , element - eleven pipers piping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 12 - image - people in church at the midnight mass , emotion - the peace that passeth all understanding , element - twelve drummers drumming ( no weekend quickie 14 and 15 - taken by christmas special ) weekend quickie 16 - image - typewriter , element 1 - ` ` some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships . ''
- delivery vehicles ( including but not limited to tescos , sainsburys , all amazon and ebay couriers , post office personnel , builders merchant delivery vans and associated plant hire vehicles ) .
behind him on the distant horizon were the towers of a power plant , and if he sat just so , it would appear that his head was steaming like an embarrassed elmer fudd after being kissed by a transsexual bugs bunny .
he 's the rubber plant that sits in the corner .
how many lumps of spinach have been camouflaged behind potato barriers only to join the parade of rejected veggies heading to the water treatment plant ?
... a nightly parade of vegetables joining with one another , tributary by tributary as they make their way to the local treatment plant , robust in their vitamin supremacy , congratulating themselves at having achieved this fate instead of the alternative which , by the way , would get them to the same place only about 12 hours later .
the room was large , the main back bedroom , and scattered with furniture : television cabinet , pot plant , wardrobe , dressing table , clothes rail , bedroom unit serving as a sideboard , and computer desk at which finn sat for want of space on the two - seat sofa .
he had a really neat model of the southern pacific , down around indio , california , with several fruit - packing plants , dozens of refrigerator cars , and a lot of golf courses .
this is how she met demo : he was pitching his tent on the grounds of the acme steel and wire plant , near the cp tracks , not far from the centre for strange science , when a large quantity of rutabagas fell on him .
we drove onto the highway immediately , past the dog food plant and burger king , hugging the rail , big trucks roaring up behind us .
dr . red was working on his weapon , as usual , occasionally smiling at his plant .
chapter 3 : rise of the mutant plants the plant was quite busy over the next couple of hours though you could n't tell that just by looking at it .
there 's this great big plant sticking out of this building that 's just totally destroyed !
and now the situation reversed : instead of the plant above being inactive while the party was belowground , now the party died belowground while things began to heat up where we humans lived directly above was the edge of an untrimmed yard where things were n't quite so claustrophobic for me .
for one thing , his dad worked at a sewer treatment plant and did comedy stand - up in his spare time .
then the plant heap rolled over it .
the plant ball began rolling in his direction .
the evil dr . red leaped over large loops of giant roots like he was in a demented environmentalist 's version of the hurdles , stumbling more than once , only to get right back up again and keep running -- -- black belt snapped her whip at mutants that got too close as she dragged doctor rowenna along -- -- superkid performed amazing midair kicks to clear their path as he and his friends continued their sprint -- -- doctor red fought desperately for breath as he tried to maintain focus on the light at the end of the plant - constructed tunnel -- -- derrick began to stumble , feeling weak , out of breath -- -- black belt whipped dr . doublin into her arms and sprinted for all she was worth -- -- the leaves seemed to be closing in on red as he ran faster for the light -- -- the howling of the plant beasts was building , but black belt was quickly catching up to the three kids -- -- derrick suddenly tripped and stumbled forward , wheeling his arms in frantic circles -- -- dr . red , so close to the light of freedom , shot himself faster -- -- black belt caught up and tried to pass around the kids -- -- derrick caught the hem of her blouse as he fell -- -- superkid tripped over derrick 's flying leg -- -- darrin veered away to avoid the accident but tripped over his untied shoelace -- -- the mad scientist leaped through the shrinking hole -- -- and they all crashed into each other and fell in a jumbled heap .
tell your plant to let everyone go ! ''
he had a chance to do something to take down the monstrous plant !
the green smoke billowing behind the plant was a little showy .
they d been working together for a while and she would act as his initial plant in most cases .
the sweater made her look like a scandinavian resistance fighter on her way to attack a nazi - held heavy water plant , but at least it was a start .
he waved his arm and produced an image of the acme corp 's research and development facility , near the old wire and cable plant on laird drive .
the receptionist , a man named manfredo who had worked in a plant for years , lifted his eyes , startled .
they could n't have children so one of the technicians at the power plant did an in vitro for them , in the company cafeteria .
hawthorne cemetery , on tomato east of silverdale , between 22nd and 23rd where harmin boole 's wife is buried , and where a garden grows the late night laundromat , two blocks from artie 's apartment , down three blocks from the mission , on guild street ; open until 11 p.m. , seven days a week ridgeview hospital , the public health hospital , ` ` for your pubic health , '' located on llewellyn street above 23rd ave . ; to the west is a high cliff ; this is sara 's contemporary workplace hillbright college is about 85 miles north - west of town there 's a mental institution in a hospital in another town , where gabe once worked ; also a supermarket and a bookstore the tomatoe street library , facing tomatoe between 27th and 28th ; a locally - owned version of a coastal giant chain with many inland stores ; takes up a whole block the hatchet check , a hairdresser 's that once did only men now unisex , between silverdale and tomatoe on tennessee way the fantastic caf , the lengthy lunch counter for the employees that never were employed at the manufacturing plant that ne'er was op'ed in the house of jack 's guilt ; getcha dead momma 's donuts rat - cheer the tomatoe grocery , facing tomatoe street between 27th and 28th .
it never had , never really went ahead and did ? no extra pollution that way , clear big beautiful skies ? except for over the concrete plant .
in factories , plants , on assembly lines , or in other places where you are a cipher ?
like the ghostly manufacturing plant , this dream never materialized .
people would move in , there 'd be housing starts , the banks would do plenty of business loans like they like , and the wildly needed manufacturing plant ( s ) might yet make a way back from the third world ?
the list was what it was ; a list of names of people who publically disagreed with him on any of his various fund - raising projects such as ' nature , naturally ' , the tar plant approval , the public transportation initiative , and the 40 % increase in city taxes over the last eight years to replace aging infrastructure .
it was good for those behind the throne of the state chamber to know he was a man able to push choice projects behind a cloud of bureaucratic mumble jumble , the global financial meltdown and the threat of homeland terrorism , like the midland tar plant .
he was quite proud of the tar plant approval .
he convinced his voters the middle east situation demanded midland accept the building of a tar plant within city limits to combat terrorism without due process of town meetings and such .
plus , the leq was where the tar plant was built .
` ` myrtle beach , there 's a small cessna wandering around near the power plant .
pancho was none too fond of ministers , going back to when the local minister refused to bless his father 's corn crop and the growing season that followed turned out to be a disaster , forcing his father to give up the farm and go to work at a milk processing plant where one stormy evening he slipped and fell into a vat of 2 % milk and drowned .
plus the breath coming out of his opened mouth reminded elvis of the odor when he was driving by the pima county sewage treatment plant .
( although admittedly with a brownish tinge from the iowa co - op coal fired power plant on the other side of dead injun hill that abutted the lentz family farm on the southwest section . )
he was trying to re - enact that whole almost famous scene ( which was actually just re - enacting robert plant on the sunset strip ) , the one where the guy stands on a roof and yells out i m a golden god !
both super - conductivity and hot fusion power plants are deterministic sciences with immense promise that we have spent billions of dollars pursuing without success .
there were people who did shipping and receiving , people who sorted the mail , people who watered the plants .
do nt tell me you think a plants responsible for creating all those zombies ?
could it be that the nations shopping malls are as vulnerable as our ports and chemical plants ; that efforts to make them more secure have been as stymied by the paralysis of partisan politics ?
harvey lured dad off one day with the offer of a carload of prime steaks from one of his packing plants , said wanda , laughing .
not only is my jogging pants , pumps and sweater covered in thorns but my towelled head too , from where i d bulldozed my way out of that wretched plant .
the one concerning , the local councils proposal to build a sewage treatment plant in a residential area was signed by u. r. smelly .
it was a manufacturing plant that created , packaged , and distributed food condiments , advertising to specialize in hot sauce .
the clarity exposed all of awful , ohio , where sammy ammo observed everything ; power plants and manufacturing warehouses , all brooding production with humans mindlessly entering in and out of the production structures like products from an assembly line .
it looks like i m going to be working in china for a while , some industrial city in the westlands that s all black smoke belching out of coal burning plants and sticky sand - storms that coat everything in a blanket of pollution .
de - sal plants instead of water conservation , imported deli meats instead of a chicken you pick out in teddys yard , a hard rock caf instead of zs .
his daddy loved plants and insisted on trying to keep a farm going here , even when other guys of his generation jumped on the opening of the fish processing plant on seagrape cay and made some money .
you re saying we have a recycling plant here ?
ida kept a map on the kitchen table and every evening shed talk to god and tell him where he was needed : in holbrook / joseph city , arizona where the power plant lit up the nights with a vision of hellwhen lance was there that god - forsaken strip of route 40 was blessed , in gallup , new mexico and shiprock and farmington , in del norte , pueblo and greeley closer to home , wherever lance went to risk his neck for a dream she could neither understand nor accept .
he had planned on being the one to break this story and would have been if he had not been distracted by the problem with a water treatment plant upstate .
i was hoping to be the guy that exposed this scum and the news that the mercury was in the water , and i would have if i had nt been distracted by that water purification plant .
they pass some energy bill that allows power plants and the like to keep on pouring their poisons into the air and tell the public the bill will lead to a healthier environment .
it killed a million and a half old , sick and young people because not only had we bombed their water treatment plants but would nt let them get the materials to repair them or any medicine .
another poster showed how mercury got into the environment from emissions of coal - fired plants and municipal burning .
we first bombed their water treatment plants and then embargoed the equipment and chemicals necessary to purify water with the results that children and old people as well as the weak and sick died of typhoid fever .
in order to launch the plant , according to the blueprints which you handed me , i would have to switch off the power to at least the entire region of leningrad .
you want this plant to work from the beginning of august until december .
its energy is sufficient for the plant to work for the time needed .
his father was a fireman at the chernobyl atomic power plant .
we spend seventy - five dollars of our remaining two hundred on groceries and a house plant .
we pass through fields and little towns , each with a population of less than a thousand , and one with some sort of processing plant that fills the air with a nauseating stench .
scherzo crossed to the incinerator plant which rose obliquely from the earth half a mile from the trees , across the river .
there had been protests to mark its birth , the population marching , placards raised , slogans devised and acronyms formed , symbolic coffins draped in black plastic daubed with white emulsion skull and cross - bones at the proposal and planning stages , demanding at worst the plant 's relocation , out of their backyard , away from their children .
they varied in shape and colour as well as size and thickness , relief moulds around which the hats were baked relative to the wearer 's job and situation within the labyrinthine plant .
hell and the incinerator plant were closed to him .
he would gain access to the incinerator plant , he decided , unleashing desperate forces and effecting the lead guitarist 's rescue .
images of the incinerator plant stirred in his head .
scherzo walked as if going to work at the incinerator plant , slipping clumsily through the metal fence , between the leaning ash trees , discovering concrete and tarmac where once had undulated school fields and teenagers drunk .
his memory of the incinerator plant was patchy .
and the incinerator plant , he felt sure , had grown .
she made her way to the plant room .
mother and daughter puttered around the house , worked in the plant room , took a long drive each day and spent time at the beach , either walking very slowly along the hard - packed sand at the waters edge , or else just staring at the froth line of the never - ending waves while being warmed by the dry heat of the car .
it was only in the plant room that their talk seemed to have any merit in and of itself rather than as a substitute for more painful issues .
then its july and the plant wants to call it quits .
the environmental specs on the modular co - generation plants we want to sell to hospitals and small manufacturers .
` ` she wants us to set up a cat food canning plant here in the islands , '' doug adds .
even before he walked through the front door of a sprawling processing plant , whether on the eastern shore , hunkered down in arkansas or georgia , gene could tell the owner that 2.23 more ounces of water were being used by the plant to process each and every one of the thousands of broilers killed each week than the mean water use of the competition .
even before he walked through the front door of a sprawling processing plant , whether on the eastern shore , hunkered down in arkansas or georgia , gene could tell the owner that 2.23 more ounces of water were being used by the plant to process each and every one of the thousands of broilers killed each week than the mean water use of the competition .
there always was a lot of blood in the processing plant , but unless the federal ethanol mandates were lowered , soon the blood would be ankle deep in the boardrooms .
jerrys straight - up , commodity processing plant was forty miles north of birmingham .
as the poultry industry had cycled over the years from good times to bad , gene had seen many ceos and cfos , as well as plant and product managers , fall by the wayside .
he thought of all the offices he had been in over the years , those of ceos and cfos , vps of marketing and plant managers , and how almost everyone had a display of one or more family memberswife , daughter , son , grandkidssomeone on their desk or wall .
when i was a young boy , perhaps not more than ten - years - old , i remembered forcing myself to stay up late in the summertime in order to greet my father when he returned home from his third shift at the labeling plant .
the guys around the plant used to call me benji .
as i said , chester was a reliable worker , which is more than i can say for half of those slackers down at that plant back in those days .
he used to be a foreman at the labeling plant where my father worked .
the plant had been abandoned decades since , and the community lived in a trailer on the grounds .
3 engine plant in cleveland , which had accepted the very first proposal that joseph had writtenan eleven - million - dollar project , the german factorys largest yet .
he was a kind of mercenary who agreed to play golf on the companys behalf exclusively and get drunk on the companys behalf exclusively and frequently with people who might or might not have purchasing clout at whatever plant wilson had led the germans to target .
a million and a half for the cleveland plant , i d be handing out tulips and swiss chocolates .
of all the employees in the american subsidiary , german and english , joseph stone was the only person allowed to keep a real plant .
after the aluminum plant closed in the late seventies it had all started to fade away , piece by piece until there was nothing left but a meager few farms and shops , most of them trending towards the red side of solvency .
buttons and levers to taps and valves inside the plant , and far outside leading above , and once again below , refined to defined ports , and tankers , driving over the seas across mostly barren and unpopulated land , and where populated , forcefully de - populated , across the globe : ' boss has been on the line , says it will all be sorted ... ' really ?
and for an instant he wished for nothing more than to trade places , to be driving that white pickup truck on his way to some boring fish processing plant or on his way to some garbage pickup route .
six days before the fire a tanker carrying acetone , had set out from long beach headed for a manufacturing plant in torrance .
then he pointed at things for hera plant , the tv , a lampsmiling at each as if he were showing her a brand new star .
while he was there he met francois wiloporte , entrepreneur of african background , who offered to set up a motor assembly plant in fort marnay .
keretani got a motor assembly plant , the president could boast about foreign investment and job creation , and wiloporte got good profits .
nevertheless the bastard pedant had decided to make the fleas to our organizational plant and you / he / she has immediately come out that , with his / her proverbial meticulousness , the german had consulted a heap of sites specialized internet in the rental and you / he / she had found promotions and discounts and offers irripetibili of which i , that had also looked at something , had not leastly realized .
i mark then you / he / she has pushed the button of the plant of climatization and after little minutes you / he / she has been clear to all how much chicken was a person completely inaffidabile and substantially an element to be eradicated from the planet .
to the limit then we stop there from the first mechanic that we find on the road and we see , how much does it cost us to put to place the plant , no ?
the funny character has invited us to enjoy some beauty of the place , you / he / she is vainly proposed to mend the plant of conditioning that you / he / she had known broken chatting with gianca and you / he / she has tried to sell to chicken , for a torn price , sunglasses guaranteed original gucci .
only to fdp a good idea that was seemed to see the whole organizational plant again .
the sewage plant , where everyones waste went , was just up river .
in order to work on airplanes , a mechanic must have an airframe license to work on the body , or a power plant license to work on the engines .
during the junior year at aviation we were asked to pick a path , either the airframe or the power plant license and i had chosen the power plant mechanics license .
during the junior year at aviation we were asked to pick a path , either the airframe or the power plant license and i had chosen the power plant mechanics license .
i m going to learn to make macram plant hangers .
[ 114 ] all the lphs were built on the cheap ; our power plant was scavenged from a world war ii battleship and behaved accordingly .
it 's not like your some mexican just dragged his wife and kids out of the rio grande to get here and work at a chicken plant for minimum wage .
he s found the corpse of a squirrel fried to a crisp down at the generator plant .
you ca n't remember what you fight for , o plant , but once fighting why stop .
taking time from supervising the completion of the work on the fountain , he sought out the manager of the plant in the mans office .
the pickup looked like a ford model a to colling , but once he was in the cab beside jalesow , he realized that it must have come from one of henry fords plants that had been built in russia in the 1930s .
frau vollmer apologized that there had been no electricity since the district power plant had no coal , and what light there was would be provided by oil lamps .
how was the walk with cid to the power plant ? ''
he developed a way to give free electricity to everyone in the world but the funding was pulled out and the power plant he was building was closed down before he was able to finish and the plans disappeared .
i was almost finished with a facility in new york that would have provided free electricity to everyone on earth , but the building was shut down when my billionaire benefactor realized the electric plant would benefit humanity , but not put money into his pocket .
the military says to a country you side with us , do what we tell you to do , and we wo nt cause an earthquake at your nuclear power plant , tesla added in an ominous tone .
or like drunk and obnoxious mike , who probably put his graduation party disgrace behind him and moved to bloomington to work at the mitsubishi plant .
the grind 's atmosphere was unapologetically intellectual ; literature and philosophy professors rubbed elbows with high - minded university physical plant workers while grad students sat at tables piled high with textbooks , cigarettes forever smoldering in the ashtrays between , handwriting - stuffed spiral notebooks strewn about as dissertations were conceived , belabored , abandoned and revived again .
effie and her husband , robert sempsh , lived in a neighborhood not far from the airport , not far from the chemical plants , the kind of neighborhood one passes in ones car and either turns away from or notices with only half ones attention .
robert worked at a bottling plant in nearby millington .
sourness a poem by k. jared hosein the world crawls forward and spouts pimples shaped like nuclear power plants and keloids shaped like oil spills .
yes , i m sorry tim , i ve got a real problem at the hot dog plant in palatka .
i should have been roaming meat packing plants looking for new customers , but instead of feeling slight - ly guilty i was totally free .
the aroma very present for those of us not accustomed to being at the plant .
the remaining refuse from dans truck had no use whatsoever , but even garbage came with paperwork : the local trash - to - energy plant burned garbage to make cheap power , and paid rhode island electric a small fee for each ton it hauled from its premises .
by then , 8,722 customers were without power , not a bad figure , especially since about half would be returned in an hour or two after the local power plant repaired a section of downed transmission line in johnston .
about the only thing we send to the recycling plant that comes back as it left is aluminum cans .
anyway , a lot of the stuff we recycle is nt truly being recycled , its being burned at trash - to - energy plants to make electricity .
they have to be burned at plants that have special filters to catch the petroleum .
his dad had worked his entire life on an assembly line at the local automobile plant and was let go for what they called a cost - cutting measure .
so many of the plants long time employees were just asked to leave because their jobs were just outdated ; they were gradually being replaced by robotic arms that could do the work twice as fast and with more precision .
he had lost his job and was suffering emotionally from that trauma ; he had worked his entire life at that plant and they let him go in a split second without the slightest remorse or compassion .
in july , we both turned sixteen , and peter worked for his father at the pulp and paper plant , while i scooped ice cream part - time at the lick - a - split and put in volunteer hours at the hospital and local animal shelter .
he knew exactly where he was going and what he wanted to work in his fathers pulp and paper plant and become a manager there someday .
he was working full - time at his fathers pulp and paper plant in augusta and was being groomed to eventually take over the business when the time came .
it jangled down inside , then i dialed the number for the plant and sat down on the stool .
he described some of the risks , then asked about petes family , and how work was going at the pulp and paper plant .
i have nt heard anything so funny since i left work at the ice cream plant .
he works over at the meat packing plant on the night shift .
can you tell me which plant he works at ?
the night manager of the meat packing plant brags .
he quickly enters the plant through a door in the office leaving the sergeant alone to stare at the photos pinned to the wall .
it was clear that manoj was a satisfied family man , content with running a small shop for the interesting folks at the steel plant .
as the gangsters ran towards him , he fled back towards the steel plant .
my name is raju , said manoj , the owner of the small stall outside the steel plant .
three hundred yards to the south lies the squattishly regal american tobacco company manufacturing plant , another registered structure ; the downtown durham historic district is directly to the south and the bright leaf historic district is to the southeast .
later that day i started the ratty beginning of a novel about a young man who was associated with a banana ripening plant .
i heard about the whole set - up from dad in one of his lengthy engineering stories , probably a reaction to his frustration with bernie , the architect , and he sat at his drafting table and went blundering about telling me unsystematically about the ripening chamber plans and the layout , the technical problems with materials of the pipes , the various temperature difficulties of this actual banana plants equipment .
we had this plant here .
so there was supposed to be a deeply dissatisfied youth , the child of the owner of the banana ripening plant and his unhappiness was going to be so poignant , but i could nt get to it .
that was the sentence describing the opening image of this deeply dissatisfied youth couching against a guava crate at the banana ripening plant .
this plant was providing much of the nation with bananas .
i fell into a despair that mimicked the despair i tried to create in my character , the heir of the banana ripening plant .
i hereby confess that the silly little phrase is all that remains of the abandoned opening of a novel about a disillusioned and delusional young man , the heir to a fruit processing plant in tucson , with a plot as disjointed and scattered as the spine of a long - dead rattlesnake , and i am still not certain if i envisioned the red - haired horse - faced young man who was doing the couching at his couch atop a guava crate and then couched against another guava crate one or if he was just on concrete and more importantly i did not know all of the other things that he felt , the meals and meetings of his life , after this uncomfortable couch in the warehouse , and better yet the way he might have leapt off the pages of the rest of this abandoned wreck of a novel that i never worked out , even in my mind , although i revisited it several times with the same sense of viewing a useless artifact .
( 15 ) father tells me the tales 1974 , the one used is the banana ripening plant and the ethyl gas and tarantulas , the stenographic shorthand book from the library , the transcript i take of him getting a leisure suit and complaining about it and his work , the imagination , how i wrote it so dully and how the shorthand filled in the big chief tablet ( 16 ) tearing apart the cloud poem and ripping it apart on the metate at gumms porch quickly when no one is observing , 1974 ( 17 ) meredith at college and do you know about sin ?
choking on the horizon , the power plant is protesting the needs of the living -- buckling under the brutal loads .
a citizen group is organizing a meeting to object the building of a new power plant in the immediate vicinity .
moreover , germany lacked sufficient supplies of oil and other crucial raw materials ( the plants that would produce the synthetic oil for the german war effort were not in operation yet ) , and was highly dependent upon imports from abroad .
the manufacturing plants in zurich and solothurn remain relatively untouched .
maurice st . germain , an industrialist , manages to torch his zeitmesser fabrikat plant before he retreats to his country home in the valais canton .
he had made it in real estate , a meat packers , a tool and die plant , investments , communications .
ronnie was working as a manager in one of michael 's plants , the tool and die plant near cambridge .
ronnie was working as a manager in one of michael 's plants , the tool and die plant near cambridge .
the anti - female contingent wrote of closing down plants when the boss had a baby and menstrual holidays for all the workers .
take the power plant for example .
so this guy was sitting on the bus with his nose pressed against the window , on his way back to the shitty little room from his shitty job , and the bus passed a power plant ( or rather the entrance to a power plant .
so this guy was sitting on the bus with his nose pressed against the window , on his way back to the shitty little room from his shitty job , and the bus passed a power plant ( or rather the entrance to a power plant .
the plant itself was set far back from the road , caged behind miles of hurricane fence , a squat throbbing building buried in snow , with a huge smokestack jutting above the trees in the distance ) and suddenly out of nowhere , it occurred to this guy just how easy it might be to short circuit the whole thing , blow it out .
right away this guy knew that as cool as it sounded , blowing up a power plant was not , in a strict sense , practical .
for one thing , he had no idea exactly where he d have to shake out the box of copper filings ( or other type of filings ) and to find out , he d have to know exactly what type of power plant he was dealing with , and it was nt like they labeled the fuckers on the front gate .
guy ) thought , sitting on the bus with his nose pressed against the window , in all likelihood , the power plant probably did nt just serve normal houses full of able - bodied people , for whom a sudden loss of power would create nothing much worse than an irritating but , in all likelihood , temporary inconvenience , but also other places like hospitals full of the infirm and elderly or the very young ; maybe even hospitals with whole wards of premature and defective babies , for example , laid out in plastic boxes , wired up to complicated machines that kept their hearts beating .
just like that time with the smart ass and the elderly nun , this guy had thought , sitting on the bus with his nose pressed against the window considering the moral implications of blowing out a power plant .
see not that long before , this guy had been riding the bus home with his nose pressed against the cold window , minding his own business etc , just like he was then , when a particularly nasty idea popped into his head from god - knows - where but it did nt involve a power plant but rather an elderly nun sitting two seats in front of him ( a squat , motionless woman , with one spindly hand dangling from the black sleeve of her nuns get up , limp and exposed in the aisle ) .
josh gave the plant another shake .
josh did as he was tolda split - second before both plants exploded .
when the plants exploded , shrapnel from flying pottery shards must have broken the window .
mother was back in front of her plants again .
chief barrett needs some fill hauled for the road into the milk plant .
ken kreiger , retired autoworker , 41 years service bill pancoast 's wildcat is a funny , sad , and thoroughly convincing portrait of autoworkersmany damaged by war , broken dreams , or substance abusedependent on a general motors plant in fictional cranston , ohio , during the sixties and seventies .
donald ray pollock , author of knockemstiff most novelists have n't been anywhere near an auto plant , let alone worked in one , but bill pancoast has .
wildcat takes us inside a spontaneous strikeat anohio stamping plant in the vietnam era , showinghow righteousanger , insane hijinks , and bloodshedcan break out when workersdecide to do somethinganythingaboutbrutal and boringworking conditions .
the plant manager wants his turkeys back .
the chief was referring to the thousands of frozen birds in the chevy dump trucks parked at the cranston general motors plant main gate on this day before thanksgiving in 1970 .
the shop chairman , president , and shop committee of this local united auto workers union had walked through the general motors stamping plant hitting e - stops , shutting down the presses , stopping fork lifts and tow motors , motioning for the men to follow them .
the four square miles of the plant grounds were divided into six sectors , and the chief assigned one to each of the lieutenants .
he would have possession of the plant managers stupid turkeys shortly .
across the street at the union hall , the parking lot was full , cars spilling onto the edge of the state route running through this ohio town that fifteen years earlier had welcomed the general motors plant .
one of the guys was shooting the video cameras off the plant walls .
the man in the closest turkey truck gestured wildly down the hill to the plant .
here they came , gms own private police force , going into battle for their plant managers honor and the honor of every plant manager , every gm assistant vice - president , and the honor of the gm chairman himself .
here they came , gms own private police force , going into battle for their plant managers honor and the honor of every plant manager , every gm assistant vice - president , and the honor of the gm chairman himself .
and above the din of shouting and laughing and horns honking , and the thunking and banging of the frozen turkeys as they clattered and careened down the chute past the guards lying every which way , towards the plant and the reinforcement guards entering below , could be heard the wailing of sirens filling the air from every direction .
chapter 2 jobs thomas greene was the five hundredth man hired at the general motors cranston stamping plant .
sirens from the cranes wailed away , motion everywhere as men not only made the car parts , but finished the plant construction .
sheriff thomas greene put these memories from his mind as he pulled to a skidding stop at the main gate in front of the gm plant .
there had never yet been any real violence at the plant , but you never knew as a cop when that extra cruiser would make the difference .
then there was the horseplaythe firecrackers , glove balls , water bags , fire extinguisher fightsit was just the way the place was , a way to break the monotony and stupidity of the simple , yet brutal atmosphere in the plant .
he thought not , that the monster of a plant , always working people seven days a week , holidays , holy days , everyday , would surely not take notice of the blood and bone of a young man who was still a little boy to tom finnegan , the oldest of the finnegan clan of nine children .
he was writing an editorial for the sunday paper about the general motors stamping plant .
tom finnegan found it amusing , if sardonically so , to listen to the other community leaders speak of the money spigot that the gm plant was to them .
no one could deny the benefit of the multimillion dollar payroll the plant provided or the tax that payroll generated for the school system .
at the chamber or kiwanis or country club , he heard over and over what ingrates the uneducated masses working at the plant were .
tom used to try to present an opposing view , the actual reality of the plant , the working conditions of the job , and the disregard for human rights by gm , but they always laughed him off as a raving irishman who needed to be getting on with his life , that it was his granddaddy who had fled the potato famine and , pinch yourself , tom , you really are the editor of a very large american newspaper .
only one person from the plant had at first been involved when bobby lost his arm , a young fellow named milt jeffers , bobbys union representative .
it was the plant manager .
this plant manager he could get along with just fine .
all milt really needed to do was keep the plant running smooth enough not to interrupt the guys drinking schedule , and he could help himself to anything he wanted .
be over here in an hour , john dunham , the plant manager of gms biggest stamping plant , maybe the biggest stamping plant in the world , said to milt jeffers and hung up .
be over here in an hour , john dunham , the plant manager of gms biggest stamping plant , maybe the biggest stamping plant in the world , said to milt jeffers and hung up .
be over here in an hour , john dunham , the plant manager of gms biggest stamping plant , maybe the biggest stamping plant in the world , said to milt jeffers and hung up .
one of his customers got him a job at the gm plant .
it did nt take him long to recognize that power was just lying around to be usurped , and things were just lying around waiting to be stolen , at the plant .
he was the top dog , the union equivalent of plant manager , except he had to be elected every three years by the five thousand men in the plant .
he was the top dog , the union equivalent of plant manager , except he had to be elected every three years by the five thousand men in the plant .
the union head honcho had to be smarter and better than the plant manager .
at age thirty - two , milt jeffers was the youngest shop chairman in any general motors plant .
once he had been out at the roundup , the little hillbilly bar down the road from the plant , and a new guy was therehe said he guessed he was the baddest motherfucker anywhere .
and after jimmy had stumbled up and down the press lines with a screw driver and hammer for a full week , milt pulled him off the line , marched him up to the plant managers office , opened the door without knocking , and said , jimmys coming with me and will be my assistant till i come back and tell you different .
he stopped at the bottom , where the four plant security guards were stationed to keep an eye on the pickets .
they did nt question the chairman for driving on to the plant grounds ; the one standing agreement milt had with the plant manager was that , no matter what , both of them would have access to the plant .
they did nt question the chairman for driving on to the plant grounds ; the one standing agreement milt had with the plant manager was that , no matter what , both of them would have access to the plant .
they did nt question the chairman for driving on to the plant grounds ; the one standing agreement milt had with the plant manager was that , no matter what , both of them would have access to the plant .
folks around here got it too easy today , jimmy , milt said as he wheeled the big car into his reserved parking place next to the plant managers .
john dunham got to be a plant manager because his father - in - law was a vice - president for general motors .
and it just so happened that the old man was here for the holidays and sitting with john when milt and jimmy walked into the plant managers office .
the main reason harold had come over to the plant with john was to get away from the women and kids and have a drink or two .
when they got back to the plant , harold was slouching lazily against the door in the front seat .
he got the polaroid camera out of the glove box and framed harold and the pickets against the general motors sign by the highway , with the plant in the background .
the second showed him having a beer with the strikers in front of the plant .
there was margie , busy doing what she needed to do to get her son a job at the general motors plant .
he had gotten home , signed in at the plant office , and was back to work only a week after he had stepped out of the bush in nam .
he had nt slept in three nights , had sat up drinking beer , popping the bennies and acid he got from the longhairs in the plant .
the roundup was good for the plant .
he worked second shift , seven days a week at the stamping plant and ran the junkyard during the day .
he had hashed most things out again and again , always coming up with the same conclusions : that he was becoming an old man , that his children and grandchildren and soon to be great grandchildren were doing well , and that he was a very rich man with the machine shop that he ran in cranston and the seven - day - a - week job here at the stamping plant .
but he could nt stand to be around his bumbling fool of a son - in - law , who ran the plant for him .
jack , crazy jack , as he was now known in his role of skilled trades committeeman at the stamping plant , made his way into the machine shop , stopping along the way to answer questions or give greetings .
the union had fought hard in the early sixties to force this stamping plant to put the apprentice program in place .
one hundred and fifty young guys at any given time were paving the future of the plant , ensuring the presence of skilled tradesmen for decades down the road .
they were fair game outside the plant , but the company was pretty proud of its apprentices , assuming ownership of the program after the union had negotiated it into being , and there was little tolerance for harassment under the plant roof .
they were fair game outside the plant , but the company was pretty proud of its apprentices , assuming ownership of the program after the union had negotiated it into being , and there was little tolerance for harassment under the plant roof .
lately , the union meetings had become incendiary , and at the last , a fist fight had broken out over the apprenticeship programit was hard to test into the program for the guys in the plant already , and one view was that too many outsiders , the longhairs and college kids , were taking slots that belonged to the guys who had put their time in on the press lines .
hell , at any given moment in the plant , somebody was drinking or plotting to steal some bullshit thing .
the three strands of barbed wire on top of the six - foot - tall , chain link fence around the plant even pointed inward .
the sunny , mild weather of the last few days had given way to the gray of an ohio winter , snow flurries and sleet slanting across the parking lot of the general motors plant , the drafty , single - paned windows of the security office letting a stream of cold air across the knee he had sprained wednesday .
it was against the plant rules , but what the hell , big bill was nt going to be the one to run him off .
they all scattered in different directions into the plant to begin another wildcat .
the lieutenant saw the wildcat strike unfolding and left the plant quickly .
there were two dead that he knew of in the plant , and a deputy assigned to monitor the radio had just reported a possible third to him .
below on the plant grounds he watched as three thousand men tried to extricate themselves from the parking lot .
there were already two ambulances in the plant ; all the aisles were wide enough to drive down , so the paramedics could get wherever they needed to go .
the flow of men out of the plant stopped , and the little sphere of activity grew in size , then became an abnormal shape .
police officers who had been standing around the front of the plant ran toward the group with their nightsticks drawn .
today had been different , though , because of the deaths in the plant .
then the first ambulance made its way out of the plant and up the ramp to the gate .
they all knew by now that people had been killed in some way or another during the last hour in the plant .
an apprentice had sustained a broken neck from a hurled four inch by six inch steel wear plate during the plant exodus , probably horseplay .
the call meant he would have to leave immediately for cranston , ohio , to quell another labor disturbance at a plant that had been regularly jamming the gm parts pipeline for the past 10 years .
he would design an ad for the local newspaper blaming the united auto workers for the deaths at the plant , saying that the hourly workers who died had been killed for not supporting the union .
darius had to pass the plant to get to his hotel in downtown cranston , and was shocked at what he saw .
at all three plant gates on route 30 , there were huge bonfires , each with at least a dozen men sitting around the fire drinking beer .
others stood along the highway , holding their picket signs aloft for the entire world to see that they were in charge of this general motors plant .
it just happened that sheriff thomas greene was at the office making sure his orders to make an hourly check of the plant were being carried out .
he had made sure that no vandalism was taking place by having his deputies drive past the plant every hour .
the united auto workers international union had grown just as weary of the cranston plant as had general motors .
he knew many of the men at the plant and knew what they were capable of .
he had looked at the front page story , five dead at local gm plant .
after a 67 day national strike to secure basic cost of living wage increases and a decent retirement , the local united auto workers union has seen the need to once again strike the local gm stamping plant .
he was convinced he knew what had happened at the gm plant .
all it took was for tom finnegan to read the gm ad and he proceeded with his editorial : the deaths saturday , november 28 , 1970 , at the local general motors stamping plant are a continuation of the irresponsible behavior of general motors to the community of cranston .
the tragedy on that day brings to ten the total number of men who have died within the walls of that plant in as many years , leaving children , and parents and wives and brothers and sisters to grieve at the unnecessary losses of life .
it appears that gms arrogance in handling personnel matters is out of control as this time the plant fired the unions leadership .
firing these men is the equivalent of the union kidnapping and holding for ransom the plant manager of the local plant .
firing these men is the equivalent of the union kidnapping and holding for ransom the plant manager of the local plant .
just down the road from the plant and union hall , nbc from columbus panned shots of the factory complex and picket lines , its broadcasters concentrating on the circus - like atmosphere of the wildcat strike .
if need be , darius told sylvia , gm was prepared to close the cranston plant .
ninety - nine per cent of the guys in the plant were like his dad and dads everywhere .
the four gm men were there to take control of gms stamping plant .
chapter 10 the first joint program the death certificates of all the men who died at the gm plant on saturday read that they died at cranston general hospital .
no one had ever died at a gm plant .
he was in the first ambulance with rudolph while it was at the plant , shouting orders at the emts .
the only body he really had trouble getting out of the plant was that of steve brown .
but when the ambulance arrived down at v line , there was the plant doctor giving steve chest massagepushing , pushing , pushing , pounding .
he had wanted to be an apprentice at a general motors plant , but could never score high enough on the apprenticeship test to get in the program .
flag , m.d . , read the sign on the metal , fireproof door at the plant hospital .
word got around the plant , and that was a good laugh for awhile , because the doc had touched every mans dick with his nose before they got hired .
and what he said was a true thing32.8 % of the entire revenue of cranston general was from the employees and families from the gm plant , and over sixty per cent of the psychiatric units income was due to gms business .
the practice had started with management personnel , most of whom really were insane ( but also drunkards ) from working at the plant , but once the hospital and local doctors recognized the plan for the money maker it was , the program grew rapidly and the alcoholism / insanity / depression line grew fuzzy .
there s the fucking plant manager !
though the hourly and salaried men had always kept a distance from each other , the sight of the plant manager and shop chairman both arriving for treatment for insanity instantly dissolved any animosity they felt for each other .
we kicked their ass once and well kick it again , vice - president harold , plant manager john dunhams father - in - law , of cranston , ohio , fame said .
after that business , they discussed the declining productivity of their plants .
the sporadic wildcat strikes continued , and in 1972 , the norwood , ohio , plant would hit the street for 174 days , the longest strike in gm history .
lordstown in ohio , one of the newest gm plants , the one which made the lowly vega , hit the street on a regular basis .
and of course there was the cranston stamping plant , until recently a sore spot for gm .
after its wildcat strike in 1970 , which occurred only days after the national sixty - seven day strike , the cranston plant , under the watch of gm brass and the international uaw , started building its reputation as one of the most productive plants in the nation .
after its wildcat strike in 1970 , which occurred only days after the national sixty - seven day strike , the cranston plant , under the watch of gm brass and the international uaw , started building its reputation as one of the most productive plants in the nation .
there had been a preacher , oakley wilson , in the cranston general psychiatric ward the day that the plant manager and shop chairman had arrived together for treatment .
when oakley got out , he turned in a suggestion and arranged meetings with the plant manager and shop chairman , who also had paper trails certifying their insanity , and pointed out the dollar savings if they just started treating drunks for alcoholism instead of depression , saving the cranston plant alone millions every year by eliminating the electroshock therapy program at cranston general hospital .
when oakley got out , he turned in a suggestion and arranged meetings with the plant manager and shop chairman , who also had paper trails certifying their insanity , and pointed out the dollar savings if they just started treating drunks for alcoholism instead of depression , saving the cranston plant alone millions every year by eliminating the electroshock therapy program at cranston general hospital .
there was another contract coming up , and the issues were quickly becoming about the human beings who worked in the plants .
the union would be pushing to humanize its plants , and the company would be pushing to wring more money out of every worker .
the men in the plants had been working seven days a week , 12 hours a day for years .
where before , the hiring was solely at the discretion of local plant management groups , the corporation set guidelines concerning hiring .
the cranston plant boomed .
it became the largest , most efficient stamping plant in the world .
later in the day will be the easter egg hunt on the front lawn of the plant , the last scheduled joint activity to be hosted by the local entities of general motors and the united auto workers .
these old men would go out to the plant and watch the grandchildren that were their legacies , the flesh and blood that had commanded their bondage to rows of machinery most of their adult lives , scurry after plastic easter egg prizes .
bob was the manager of the cranston plant for twenty years after john dunham was promoted in the late seventies .
he guided the plant through the tumult of the eighties and was considered the reason for the plants longstanding success .
elliot had planned to stay in cranston only a couple of years before being promoted to gm vice - president , but some things happened which pitted him against the top brassmainly , after the two years in cranston , he was told that his ticket to detroit would be shutting down the plant .
he told them to go to hell , and dug in and fortified the cranston plant , pulling in all his favors from around the country to increase the workload and job security at his plant .
he told them to go to hell , and dug in and fortified the cranston plant , pulling in all his favors from around the country to increase the workload and job security at his plant .
only now , thirty years after it first tried , was gm successful in shutting down his beloved plant .
there had not been a constant union / management problem during the years that bob ran the plant .
when the waitress brings the checks , the heat treat man grabs the plant managers .
a convoy of lowboy flatbeds snakes around the plant .
a thousand people pack the front lawn of the stamping plant .
there are the children , making their way to the starting line , the parents and grandparents , and the plant management along with the union officers , all together this one last time .
he owns this plant .
then like a commissioning stage in an industrial plant , each organ checks its functioning and its communication lines with the nervous system and the brain .
i ca nt say but please stop by my house later today and grab my cat and plants .
the man leant in further to whisper , you know there s been talk , up at the plant .
the plant referred to , as known by anyone around here , was aubrey electricals , one of the towns larger employers .
but then there s always rumours around the plant , conceded bill , echoing greys earlier thought .
they had taken up where the old factories that had build bombers in the war had left off , and the plant was built on land formerly occupied by the airfield and aerodrome .
i thought that if anything had happened at the plant , if tom had had to stay behind again , or whatever had happened , then philip might know about it .
cornelia sat back a moment , as mrs long wiped her eyes and blew her nose , wondering what she herself made of all this ; and what grey would think when she reported it back to him ; and whether it was something like what he was expecting , if only to justify whatever sixth sense he had of trouble at the plant ?
he walked back along the road , and guessing where cornelia would have headed , asked the constable to drive him to the plant .
chapter 4 the office ladies directly from the interview with mrs long , and knowing grey had already headed off to the infirmary to cover the alex aubrey angle , cornelia drove the short distance to the small mingling of plant and factory spaces to the north of the town .
the wellbeing of the landlords family assured , and the time of day passed , talk turned to the encounter of two nights before , whatevers happening at that plant , its got to be bad to get em in that kind of a state on a monday night !
there was a fellow from plant in here earlier , on a half - day .
grey knew it was his job to figure this stuff out , yet so sidetracked had they been by developments at the plant , and so sparse any evidence of the lads whereabouts , that in terms of thomas the day had brought hardly any real progress .
were off to the plant now as it happens .
anyway , they reaching the door of the post office , i must get these sent and then get back up to the plant .
chapter 9 the corridors of banality the inspectors thoughts were interrupted after only a few minutes by another knock at the door , which had at least been long enough for sergeant smith to confirm that the aubreys were neither back at the plant or answering the phone at home .
her dadll be at the plant , but i do nt want to go back there if we can help it .
after recent rumours of orders drying up for the southney manufacturers aubrey electricals , it was this morning confirmed in a press statement issued from their plant , that agents representing the troubled firm have instructed a firm of administrators in the companys name .
the statement goes on to say that , while there may be some temporary disruption to our usual operations , we are confident that the plant has a future and that production will continue in some form for many years to come .
needless to say , such confirmation will be awaited eagerly in the homes of those who work at the plant , and whose livelihoods and those of their families have been cast into uncertainty by this news .
current managing director alexander aubrey , son of the firms founder anthony aubrey , took charge of the plant six years ago , and is believed to be in london currently , brokering deals to secure the firms future .
in related news , a police team led by inspector graham rase have been investigating the disappearance of a member of staff at the aubrey plant , thomas long , 24 , of southney , who has been missing since tuesday .
it is not known if his disappearance is linked to the troubles at the plant , but officers are keeping all options open at this stage .
i thought ravi chohan , for the security detail at the plant , said the super as grey left .
he had dropped his regular duties and headed over to the plant with a spring in his step .
and like most , he had heard the rumours from the plant .
another successful visit to the plant ?
he works at the aubrey plant , like your father .
the conversation once travel resumed was thin stuff , grey zoning out and leaving cori to offer isobel an edited account of local developments , of how town had may have changed at all these three years , and the troubles expected at the plant .
in the few seconds that they in the passing car were witness to the scene , the two men who had already had their financial fortunes told seemed to argue , in the way only long - standing friends could without falling out over it ; one deciding to stay at the bank , the other joining the growing movement of men not wanting or needing to check their accounts , and so walking past them on toward the plant .
as they reached the far end of the high street , the men in green seemed to be yet more numerous , the junction at the dogleg in the road that led on to the plant seeming a rallying point for the disenfranchised .
thankfully though he continued , you ve picked a hell of a day for it though there s likely to be a bit of trouble at the aubrey plant today , miss .
so there s no power at the plant ?
we hope the effects of any reorganisation will be temporary , and are confident that a secure future for the plant and its employees can be brought about .
they had begun arriving about the time work would be starting at the plant perhaps here looking for answers , or hoping to feel safe as their town became unknown to them , or maybe just nosy ?
and then it came to him a local figure who might fit the hotel description ; who had associations with the plant , the club , with thomas long himself , indeed with both the missing peoples families ; a man who had dropped out of civic life of late , and who grey guessed could well afford to hide away in rich seclusion tending classic cars .
for they were nearing the plant and so there seemed little doubt now .
however foresightful it may have been of the administrators to untether and lock the great gates , and though it aided the police in keeping the men out of the plant , it did mean that those officers called in to keep order found themselves pushed back against an unforgiving wall of brick and timber , offering no easy escape route .
that they were only held back from doing so by some bureaucracy over an insurance certificate added to the absurdity ; and left ravi thinking those in charge at the plant were acting as their own worst enemy .
it would later cross the inspectors mind that he could have stopped the big car there and then , and avoided having to enter the plant all together , for it was only its driver that he wished to speak to ; but so processional was its passing , so stately its entrance , that he had a strong intuition that any attempt to have interrupted simply would nt have ended well .
but any attempt i made to ask alex , he took as a sign i did nt trust him running the plant .
you remember at the plant , spoke cori quickly , you thought about how there could have been truck drivers sleeping in their cabs that night at the services ?
the statement contained a further detail : that under a pretext anthony had visited the plant early the next morning hoping to see thomas there , he still worried after his friend had nt turned up for their meeting the previous evening .
philip long was not among them though , his job lost along with those of his apprentices , their skills no longer required by the smaller and more hi - tec assembly line , the plant building things for other companies now , no longer under their own name .
the connection between paula and sweatshops was obvious : a rash of articles in the news magazines and a story on sixty minutes had exposed horrific conditions in sandblaster sportswears overseas plants .
i traced the social security number to a woman working in a meat packing plant in iowa .
an incautious plant of her foot upon a greasy patch of clay , a feeling of dismay as her shoe skidded out sideways , and the next instant she found herself slipping helplessly to the edge of the bank .
monday at four , the parish secretary went in to water plants before she left for the day .
get some photos of different plant hire company logos and see if any of them jerk the memory of the akita dog walker .
it was only a few seconds before he pointed to the recovery truck which briggs plant hire admitted had been despatched to the angel .
they asked for a private discussion , and suggested that the visitors took a short plant tour to familiarise themselves with the operation .
my technical consultant here advises me that your plant needs comprehensive overhaul .
despite the high level of interest in the product , techtron was not selling any computers for supposedly because of all the problems with the manufacturing plants around the world .
because we had people on the inside of techtron , not just our deep plant in the collonia organization , but a significant number of employees were plants as well .
because we had people on the inside of techtron , not just our deep plant in the collonia organization , but a significant number of employees were plants as well .
collonia knew there was a plant somewhere in his organization and when the fbi never zeroed in on marcella wilson during its investigation of techtron , collonia began to suspect her .
gardners warehouse , located about twenty miles outside of town , used to be a production plant for some automotive part .
the plant closed years before , when i still lived here .
and i think mars hid in the plants at the end of the corridor , she had concluded , that s how nobody saw him when they went to their rooms at ten oclock .
interspersed throughout the plants were handbags and belts made from exotic skins .
was going to retire early when the plant closed its doors this summer but i figure he wo nt go back .
two fords in the driveway a brief distance from the ford plant were all i needed to see to know where at least one of the homeowners worked .
it might not be the best location for tabbys ceramic studio , but backing to the stoneworks plant and the lumber mill was priceless to her as a home renovator and probably the only reason alonzo miramontes was speaking to her .
i have to get back to my plants .
since he did nt forget the friendships he created at the rest home , he conciliated the time helping matheus with his experienced business advices and his walk up to the old home to see his friends and take care of his tomato plant .
we could use you on the hydro electric power plant project in switzerland .
maybe the plant was something cantone used to mix his paints .
this meant protecting the poppy fields , processing plants and shipments from anyone and everyone ; other drug gangs , petty thieves and even government agencies .
romano was 19 years old and with the group for only six months when a processing plant had been hit and two kilograms of cocaine paste was stolen .
one is a large utility plant and two are new sports stadiums for nfl teams .
cleveite also has four bids outstanding , including an $ 800 m urban development project in brussels and a $ 300 m waste water treatment plant in munich .
maybe this building is near some kind of recycling plant .
when we get back to the cabin , i m going to call the processing plant and have you turned into dog food .
` ` he can be notified via computer in case of an emergency in the plant . ''
yes , were located in half moon bay , but we do business with outlying retailers in the bay area supplying them with plants on a wholesale level .
they have a rental company for farm equipment , a manure processing plant , and a small high - end florist shop in downtown half moon bay called , lets see , i wrote it down here ... . she looked through her purse .
i ca n't believe you 're making out in the freakin ' plants . ''
he says the plant is going to be fully operational in two months or less .
we got that new crawfish - processing plant .
the canning plant , crawfish ponds and real estate .
daman walked to the plant and tossed around the blanket .
thursday was payday at the american can companys local plant , for instance , so there would be more then .
a row of tall stacks poked up in the back , belching out smoke and steam from the huge , noisy engines that powered the plant .
we made it out of the house , locking the door behind us and leaving the key under the plant in the exact spot we found it .
the manager called the cops and sendack and his plants disappeared .
to one side a gigantic cheese plant sat next to a huge chrome desk stacked with an array of equipment .
a variety of large office plants were placed about the room .
anybody else would have ended that landing with a nose plant .
his father had worked in the coking plant from its inception in 1928 , and in its predecessor , crowley ironworks , which had been the largest iron producer in europe at one time .
there were also pockets of coke which had been unintentionally buried in shallow seams by the earthmoving plant , and they attracted scavengers .
i know virtually nothing about the plant itself , in fact it was partly demolished before i was despatched there from london .
well , we ve found human remains on the site , so i need you to put me in touch with any ex - managers or directors who had responsibilities for running the plant .
i ve arranged a conversation with two ex - managers of the plant , and i want to decipher the funny symbols on this disc independently , in case i get a whiff of bullshit from them .
you said this occurred in 1945 , and you also felt that someone who worked at the plant or lived in the village , or both , should know something about who may have been responsible .
oh , well i was nt actually working at the plant then , i was brought in to manage winlaton mill after a series of mine closures in yorkshire , all small , uneconomic seams .
we thought it might have something to do with your production at the plant .
i did nt , one of my people said that they thought they remembered the man from investigating a theft at the coke plant some years ago , and it is an unusual name , but i did nt take him seriously , and i did nt want to prime you with any predisposition .
have you been able to find out in what capacity vogt worked at the plant ?
how do they make sure that nobody in a plant which worked shifts suspects anything strange ?
i m going to look at all possible police records at the time of the demolition of the plant , and i m also going to bring in eric paisley .
i did nt like max vogt superintendent , because he was like a cuckoo in my team , doing work which i had nt authorised , and contributing almost nothing to solving problems in the plant .
i remember it had to do with mining , but now i realise it was nt just mining , there was another word and a stitched - on picture below the opposite pocket , one long word , which did nt make sense to me , but the picture was of a treatment type plant , with many buildings and chimneys , like an oil refining complex .
are there any coal processing plants , oil refineries or coal - fired power stations near high spen ?
but we have a coke works at winlaton mill , and there are several electricity generating plants along the river tyne .
devlin asked karl to stand at the bus stop shelter , and if there was a candidate , he would be told to walk outside the plant to answer questions .
he strode angrily toward the stripping plant , followed by devlin .
he identified you as we walked outside the plant .
you are to remain at the plant until you can be collected first thing tomorrow by car .
as they climbed higher up the four storey beer - processing plant , they began to think that this time they got it wrong .
botzi and noodles both fixed their eyes on him , assuring him their full attention , to minimize chances of being re - cycled in one of his waste processing plants .
we checked the local meat lockers , ice plants , that sort of thing .
strange happenings in the campground , the nearby nature learning center , and an old power plant complicate the suspect pool and frannie tries to stay out of it -- really -- but what can she do ?
after a few days , he finally got a job at a meatpacking plant and he was able to get a room in a boarding house on east jackson street which was not too far from downtown .
tench rested at the bottom of the plants , looking out over the pool toward the long lawn .
it cart wheeled beside the car and then fell into the corn plants behind them .
the first fully integrated chemical plant was set up in the outskirts of kingston and has been operational since march 2013 .
quite understandably , as portland was the regional headquarters for cooper industries and the nearest to their cash cow : the kingston chemical plant .
they run the factory above the capacity , but the chemical waste treatment plant does nt have that much capacity .
cooper industries believes in clean and green chemical plants .
she remembered pauls words about how they run the factory above the plant capacity in the night .
remember , this is a chemical plant .
i meant that the skilled employees perform the more important work of running and monitoring the plant .
she did not even ask about how we handle the plant .
skilled workers control the production , meaning they alone know how much capacity the plant is being run .
as suspected , the numbers for the night shift are pretty high , meaning the plant is running beyond its capacity in the night .
no one from the town , including the unskilled workers , is permitted inside the plant during night shift .
so they ve built the plant beyond the approved limit ?
the treatment plant ca nt hold it owing to its low capacity .
they ca nt risk making a larger treatment plant and getting noticed by people working there during the day .
well , i would need the shift roster , the night shift production reports , and if possible , the treatment plant design documents .
but i thought she rejected his proposal knowing what he did at his chemical plant , and that s why she was coming here to expose him .
but i already have a huge responsibility running the plant , perry said with smugness .
our water comes from the treatment plant inside .
that was something , he said , talk about working in a pesticide plant .
kingston , as you are aware , houses the cooper chemicals main plant .
there are four points from where samples come : the raw material sample to check quality , the final product sample , the waste disposal plant , and the gas chimney .
they store the raw material there and those conveyors carry them inside the plant .
how much capacity do you run your plant at night ?
i ca nt shut down the plant due to business reasons , but i have instructed the team to run it at optimum load .
most , but not all of the old steel foundries and manufacturing plants have flown off to kuala lumpur or tijuana .
i knew zero about landfills or burn plants or recycling , but i found i was more interested in what we did than how we financed things , so i got myself set loose from the money game and hired into planning .
there s even a soundtrackreggae music blasting from a second floor window in the printing plant across the street .
there are several plush but threadbare chairs facing a wall - sized window that looks down onto the floor of a printing plant .
my hands still smelt of rosemary from where i had run them through my container plant before beginning yoga practice .
if they find what they 're looking for when they drill , they could set up an extraction plant here , near the road . ''
the heating plant showed no signs of leakage .
yes , there are some very interesting developments with theuh plant we gave patel .
the anchor spoke about a contract that the city of franklin had awarded to the trigate management group for the extension of the city nuclear reactor plant .
i could build five nuclear reactor plants if they gave me the money .
grant already knew the contract that ian was referring to was for the nuclear reactor plant .
there was a feature about recent safety concerns at the tegretrac nuclear power plant , and another about the frank sinatra concert coming in october .
tegretrac is a nuclear power plant .
the nuclear power plant ?
the detective said , the diamonds are in the plant .
in the spring i 'd tried pouring gasoline on the zucchini plants as they came up .
then you d have to build a road to haul the ore out , unless you wanted to build a sorting plant right here .
if i d left the plant upside down directly in front of the window , we would meet at the university library ( third floor , stack twelve in the bfs ) .
cory turned off the record player and plants voice got deep and slow as the record came to a stop .
all that remained was the ice plant , making the hill look like a green waterfall frozen in place .
you want to dose the smithers family , and homer simpson too , just before he goes to work at the nuclear power plant .
` ` put 'em in a crowded lot for a week or two , and they 'd look like nags by the time they turned up on the auction block or , more likely , at a packing plant . ''
we ' ve sent their descriptions to all the rendering plants and auction houses we could think of , but we have n't heard anything . ''
i do n't really understand all the licensing arrangements for exploitation of the patents , but once they got beyond pilot plant development , solarcon expanded and went into production and marketting as well . ''
later mrs . haager had come along and updated his method , by adding a conversion plant that produced electricity , how shed been worried the old pipes would leak , and finally he closed with the decay the place had under gone in the last few years .
once , after a lesson on the operation of the power plant , shed uttered something to that fact to jim , who d no idea what she was talking about , and grew angry when she tried to explain it .
she only touched on the purification plant for the drinking water and the many wells that were used to keep the place looking so green .
this far south a beat - up exterior was acceptable , but not an undersized power plant .
shipments of animals were unloaded , crowded into pens , driven wholesale into the antiseptic hall , murdered en mass , washed and hung , skinned and butchered , shipped in refrigerated trucks to other meat processing plants in the city and the state .
the church originally had central plant heat .
there was a huge coal plant about a half mile from here that produced steam and delivered it through underground pipes to houses and other buildings in this area .
you just have to be sure the stopper is in the drain , otherwise they might wind up doing the backstroke in a sewer plant .
astor climactically pulled the red silk spread from the table to reveal a complete clay model of a commerce center down to every exacting detail the bridges , the roads , the depots , the power plants , the streetcars ; there were even little clay figurines of workers loading and unloading goods at a dock along a river .
the plant parts just happened to be in the shot .
but it was clear that he knew what the plant was .
among this sea of plants were several dark - skinned workers , all of them wearing turbans .
i was given a shovel to clear out any trenches that had collapsed so that water continued to flow to the plants .
` ` so , your husband is the plant manager at pan - am agra ? ''
he 'd leave his mercedes at the plant and pick it up when he came in three days from now .
all the plant managers were flying in to chicago to attend , and since martin had no particular friends among them and hated meetings he was n't chairing , his most positive attitude was grim acceptance .
as it turned out , martin had stopped at the pan - am agra plant , so he already knew that shelby was in the hospital .
if he was at the plant , he was n't answering his phone .
we had to go to dinners in private homes given by plant officials , we had to go to annual dinners for the boards of this and that ( naturally martin was asked to sit on many boards ) , we had to go to charity fund - raising dinners ... the list went on and on .
a few other women connected with the pan - am agra plant came into clip casa to get beautified for the banquet , and i was polite to everyone , but i did n't feel like talking and did n't initiate any conversation .
i did n't mind giving her credit ; martin said she was a great secretary , gauging perfectly when to allow plant personnel to have access to him , when to leave him undisturbed , and how to locate him at any moment .
bill anderson , the plant safety manager , had been wished on martin by his superiors .
my husband was the only ` ` mister '' at the pan - am agra plant , to mrs . sands .
at the annual banquet , martin and i were supposed to be just part of the gang , with the result that some plant workers were in for a very tense evening sitting with the boss .
martin rose to the occasion with a few well - chosen words about the increased productivity at the plant , his goals for the year , and the pride he took in working with such a fine group of people .
` ` no , but he had a similar job at a similar company , and he was familiar with pan - am agra 's benefits , and he knew they had a plant down here and another in arkansas .
` ` i should go out to the plant for a while , '' he said , pulling on his left sock , ` ` especially since i was gone for a couple of days this week . ''
for the past few months , martin had been traveling more , had stayed in the office longer hours , had never let more than a day pass without going into the plant .
over the past ten years or so , seth bought about three dozen companies , primarily furniture plants in the south , some of which he moved to mexico , but also lumber yards and sawmills , along with thousands of acres of timber .
a year earlier , clanton had gossiped its way through a lawsuit over an insurance policy covering a fertilizer plant that had mysteriously burned to the ground .
seth preferred to be on the road , checking his factories , his timber , running after his deals , flying to mexico to open another furniture plant .
looking at their addresses , i ' m assuming these people worked in mr . hubbard 's various factories and plants .
as the jurors faded away , jake and squire talked about the company 's performance , its contracts , strategies , costs , labor problems , plant depreciation .
he worked at the budweiser plant .
` ` did he work a night shift at the plant ? ''
all the regulars except del were here today : janet shook , who was also in my karate class , a short chunky woman with dark brown hair and eyes who 'd had a crush on marshall ever since i 'd met her ; brian gruber , silver - haired and attractive , the president of a mattress manufacturing plant ; jerri sizemore , former wife of dr . john sizemore , a local dentist ; and darcy orchard , who worked at the sporting goods store , as del had .
shakespeare rises early and goes to bed early , except for the men and women who work the late shift at one or two of the fast - food places , and the people who work nights at the mattress factory or the chicken processing plant , which run round the clock .
despite twinges in my side , i had finished leg - pressing three hundred pounds when brian gruber , an executive at the mattress - manufacturing plant that was one of shakespeare 's larger employers , drifted by in the course of his workout to murmur quietly in marshall 's ear .
` ` he called the plant where marcus works ; we do n't know who he talked to , there .
overworked ( at least according to her ) at her office job in the local mattress - manufacturing plant , perpetually harried , calla was determined no one should cheat her any more than she 'd already been cheated .
the early - morning people at body time ranged from brian gruber , an executive at a local mattress - manufacturing plant , to jerri sizemore , whose claim to fame was that she 'd been married four times .
it was n't much , and from all the belongings i probably would have only missed my plant , but i did n't want to forget anything .
he took a different route back to his work truck and started for the plant .
by the time vic drove to the cable eye plant , night had fallen .
he was a worker at the upper isetsk plant who loved to kill so much that everyone called him comrade mauser .
he 's come in from illinois as plant manager of pan - am agra , they 're looking for a ` really nice home , ' and we have an appointment to see the anderton house .
he explained a little about his reorganization of the local pan - am agra plant to my mother , a born manager , and i kept my eyes scrupulously to myself .
` ` i ' m usually working at the plant alone on sunday , but today we 're having a special meeting at twelve - thirty , followed by an executives ' lunch .
` ` are n't you the new plant manager of pan - am agra ? ''
this man -- martin -- he 's the new plant manager at pan - am agra . ''
and you 're the plant manager , you have all kinds of duties and responsibilities that i do n't know anything about , martin .
` ` also , we manufacture some agricultural goods and food using raw materials from north and south america , which is what we do at the plant here .
` ` back to chicago , to report on the plant reorganization to the higher - ups .
i ' ve been cutting out a lot of deadwood , finding out the weak points in the plant management .
` ` but it 's going to make the plant more efficient in the long run . ''
then a noncommital statement of martin 's , about his plans for the plant .
at least martin did n't try to get to the plant early on saturday , but he felt he should go in , especially since he 'd been out of town .
` ` i think my weekend hours will decrease now things are beginning to shape up at this plant , '' he told me over our morning coffee , ` ` especially now that i have a reason to stay away . ''
` ` as soon as i handle the situation at the plant , i 'll come back . ''
if i had n't been able to settle the problem at the plant in record time , get back and read your note , find out where the hell franklin farrell lived ... at least i still had the map of lawrenceton in my glove compartment that the chamber of commerce gave me when i moved here .
just a few doors down the fbi and state police had rented another site , a ` ` monitoring plant , '' to work the videocameras and microphones .
they met for an hour in the parking lot of a closed - down gas station across from the gillette company plant along the fort point channel .
i ' m ready to do a face plant and eat carpet .
your little bed partner here was a media plant . ''
it 's part of star grove life though , half the town is in poverty because a plant shut down a long time ago .
as soon as i catch up to mel , i launch myself at her and we fall into the plants .
i tackled mel into a plant before sean walked over .
the gulf of mexico sparkled amid refinery plants as we hit tampico .
i stood up , pushing the chair back across the floor and into a plant behind me .
` ` tim stole all of our money , and i ca n't tell my mom , '' i cry , doing a face plant into his chest .
someone was going to snatch my plants , i knew it .
there were operatives in play who may or may not know i was a plant .
mahleena 's plant people were coming that day .
yammerin ' on every night , ' casey , you go to the plant and talk about a job ? '
i did a face plant in his chest .
then i did a face plant in his chest .
she closed her eyes and did a face plant in his tee as her arms wound around his middle .
i closed my eyes and did a face plant in his chest as my body relaxed in his arms .
she caught his for a second before she did a face plant in his chest , her arms moving around him , her body giving his her weight .
i did n't finish because his hand snaked out , hooked me at the back of my head , and yanked me forward into a forced face plant to his chest .
jonas nodded then he swallowed then he did a face plant in his father 's midriff and wrapped his arms around tate 's waist .
in one of the old warehouses , he 'd bought the property for half the cost and was now using it as a coke making plant .
getting to the porch he found the key hidden in the plant pot .
all of her insecurities welled up again , and she hung back behind a potted plant .
` ` in the plant .
max fished the key from the plant beside the door and unlocked the door , pushing it open with his foot .
despite his loneliness , he was happy to have acquired the production plant that he set out to buy from the nearly bankrupt company over there .
` ` he just bought another production plant earlier this week in dubai , so i imagine he 'll be going back to oversee the new outfit on the place and get it up and running , '' i explain .
chapter nine bennett leaves today to go back to dubai to start an overhaul on the production plant , gutting it and replacing everything with the same equipment that is used at the other plant he has here in the states .
chapter nine bennett leaves today to go back to dubai to start an overhaul on the production plant , gutting it and replacing everything with the same equipment that is used at the other plant he has here in the states .
` ` at the time , i was acquiring and renovating vacant buildings when i came across a manufacturing plant that was going bankrupt .
why else would she march out without a final death glare unless she was hiding behind a potted plant outside , ready to spring ?
` ` but i ' ve been hearing rumors about some trouble happening at a plant in brazil .
` ` i kind of wanted to go on the power plant tour and the hoover dam tour , '' treston said .
on his first day herr meyer took him on the tour of the enormous plant , which was built fifty years before by frau meyers great - grandfather .
conditions were actually worse than at the hamburg plant , where the work was just as strenuous , but the hours were shorter .
this was because the workers were friends of his father , who ran the plant with no interference .
his name is franz and he came from germany to work in her fathers plant .
it was nt long before carl excused himself and josef dominated the conversation , boasting about how efficient the hamburg plant was .
i was telling your father about how well you were faring at the plant .
you mean , running the hamburg plant ?
you work all day at the plant , then you come home and work some more .
last year , i moved back to hamburg , and started running the plant there .
i knew of him for a long while , but i did nt meet him until i came to work at the mmw plant in london .
the ones at the mmw plant that spoke kindly of him called him overbearing , the ones that did nt called him words that i dare not repeat .
also , whoever was managing the hamburg plant at the time would then take over herr meyers job , but would nt receive any extra money or ownership of the company .
there really is no law stating that you have to live here , but you have to get someone to run the london plant .
when i was at the hamburg plant , i felt as if i had no idea what i was doing .
they send him to a new location every time one of the plants is having a problem , or if they re getting ready to update systems , stuff like that .
speaking of my delightful cube neighbor , her face peeped at us through the plant .
candace and i both looked at her cube , but she was hiding behind her plant .
juniper shouted from behind her plant .
they were in watford , having spent the day looking over a bottling plant that doug thought was more cost effective than their existing supplier and had returned to their hotel for dinner .
phil is a petroleum engineer who works at the exxon refinery plant in downtown baton rouge .
managing and monitoring the bacteria levels at an experimental energy plant .
we all sat by the plants .
fda found salmonella in a peanut manufacturing plant in georgia yesterday .
cofax had several plants around the country , but their main office was in seattle .
can i go check on my plant ?
it meant she had to awkwardly climb over a garbage can and recycling bin , half leaning on the desk so as not to crawl through a plant , but she did not have to pass within inches of an incredibly attractive , though exceedingly sleazy , salesman .
there was a plant in the corner , two file cabinets , and one window to look out onto the floor .
the yellow dump truck carried a load of blocks to the potted plant beneath the living room window .
he saw her marriage to the foreman of the plant his fathers bitterest enemy only months after his death as a betrayal .
it was a medication everyone in the town had to carry at all times because they were located so close to the applegate power plant .
half the power plant was destroyed in the catastrophe .
as owner of the plant , ryans father , mr . applegate , was blamed , so he donated millions of dollars to the town and soon was loved again as everyones big hero .
he brought tears to my eyes telling me the sad story of chicken little the little chicken in an dustrial chicken processing plant who tried to warn all the other chickens about the day of doom .
what did you do to my plant ? !
he still regretted his decision to move the main pharmaceutical plant to oakland , but the city had been desperate to rebuild certain areas and his wife had been desperate to move back to california .
there was an old car plant close to here that made early electric cars for humans .
my guess is someone was trying to start up his own power plant .
if only we had a power plant .
i had always felt close to plants although i never got a chance to live that side of me .
her summers were spent in a variety of odd jobs , everything from a stint as a cook in a sandwich shop to a job weighing trucks at a concrete batch plant .
she had fond memories of the batch plant job , and even fonder memories of the revenue it produced .
the plant was involved in a continuous pour for nighttime highway construction work , and she frequently worked the twelve hour overnight shift ; the shift differential plus overtime pay made for a really nice paycheck every week and she was pretty well set financially for the fall session to start .
its laura ! .. no , were fine , and kids and i .. yes , i heard we were on the tv news last nightlenny said you had enough problems of your own since the plant closed .
we can also send in covert hit squads to test and evaluate their staff , facilities , and physical plants .
the design and construction of the house had been well ahead of its time , even to the generating plant for electric lights , something nearby conyerville would not have until several years later .
mostly , he did nt care what calvin did , so long as it did nt involved much work on his part and the materials kept flowing into and out of the plant .
given plenty of leash to run on , he learned to negotiate with vendors for almost anything of consequence in the plant , learning when to hold em and when to fold em as the situation warranted .
then came the day the pa actually did retire and left the plant , recommending strongly that calvin take over as pa . everything had finally fallen into place after a lot of hard work : good job , bright future climbing the corporate ladder maybe to division headquarters , beautiful wife carrying their first child , and their own home ; it might be sort of a starter house , but it was theirs to do with as they pleased .
then the company went offshore and shuttered the plant , taking only the division manager along .
the two men knew each other from charity golf outings the previous several years , and although ryan knew about the plant closing , he had assumed a bright guy like calvin had been moved up the line and somehow protected as a valuable asset .
seems they had a fire in their singapore plant and all the top brass went there today instead of coming here .
the driver said his boss called him at home and told him if he wanted to make the biggest one stop sale he d ever make in his life he needed to get his truck at the plant and bring it here .
their operations to date had been very successful , but this new line was generating profits beyond anything they had encountered , and with virtually no investment in physical plant assets .
maybe we tend to think in terms of physical plant , and not the people who really are the organization .
in truth , the place already looked like a confetti plant , and laura laughed at his incongruous remark .
the guys were nt much on cleaning techniques , but the physical plant was put in mint condition , including the new voice recognition access devices on the outside doors and a wireless communicator with the it system in the big house .
secondly , i hid the remote for the flat screen in the ficus plant so ryan could nt change it ; i needed him to see the local channel when he came home .
she said she had three things to tell me , and they are these three things : first , i m six weeks pregnant , with fraternal twins , your twins , and she thinks there may be more after they re born ; secondly , the remote for the flat screen , the one you could nt find , she hid in the ficas plant so you would see the local channel , with me and the kids in the shelter ; and finally , she said there is a letter for you in a secret place .
ricky tumbled over the back of the sofa and dodged behind an outsize rubber plant .
luckily the car had commission plates on it , but if you re going to report your burgled sheds , get lyndon to do it from work and for god 's sake do n't mention the pot plants . ''
the lotion and soap maker was able to open her plant in a culver city warehouse park and the successful nautical nor'easter line shipped to over 250 locations nationwide .
was it a nuclear power plant or just jack ?
its an expensive outlay of cash for plants and equipment .
then there s the cash outlay to purchase the new plants they re not cheap .
what you need now is the money for the plants , labor and some equipment , correct ?
how is scott going to get the money to buy the new grape plants , pay for the labor involved and buy the equipment hell need ?
the danger was imminent she and deb immediately started working with a hose , spraying water at some burning plants .
i tripped over the plant on the front porch and lost my balance .
despite emptying portions of my glass whenever i could , even in the plants , my head feels as if it is swimming and fuzzy .
i kept dumping it into plants or down the sink when i could .
you ' ve taken notes in my meetings , made plans to fix ally 's mistakes and even watered the plant . ''
safety of the formula , production plants and stocks of the cure were the top priority of not only the immortality institute , but also the governments of all the countries in the world in which the medicament was available and was always in the publics center of attention , especially since the infamous attempted break - in at the institute five years ago .
this is the gas that was in use in cars , power plants and household devices for over a century before cold fusion became the main source of energy , she said , fascinated .
he can see lights in the distance ; huge flames shoot skyward from some kind of plant ten kilometers away .
i think maybe they over used him a little bit at the plant where he worked .
this neighborhood was hit hard by the closing of the furniture plant last year .
i knew the furniture plant that she was talking about .
he d leave early in the morning to work the assembly line at the ford plant , come home late , eat , and then go to bed .
they walked up a short garden path surrounded by ice plant and approached a chain link fence .
* * * later that afternoon , cass completed the day 's errands as she finally pulled in to the furniture manufacturer 's plant in torrance .
not one single person existed on the plant that she could call an acquaintance , much less a friend .
the same energy harnessed by wind turbines and hydroelectric plants like the hoover dam . ''
` ` hiding behind the plant while the lady opens the door ? ''
my great - grandfather started the plant in 1917 . ''
i ' ve worked the line ; i ' ve worked quality control ; and now i ' m the day shift plant manager .
roy was starting to tell colin about his former job as night - shift plant manager of gutshot textiles , but then he stopped suddenly and said , ` ` look how they 're all loving on little lindsey .
three years before , the plant and adjacent warehouse had been severely damaged by fire ; fortunately , it had n't spread to the lab and the offices .
a month before conrad industries ' new line of paints was scheduled to hit the market , their plant burned to the ground .
` ` let 's double security around the plant , '' julia suggested .
security had been increased at the plant , with extra guards posted ; alek gave them a friendly nod .
she 'd tell him to keep a job at a meatpacking plant if it meant getting his own apartment .
he 'd named his place river 's edge resort and begun to dream of a life that did n't include hard hats and earplugs and night shifts at the paper plant in everett .
i went back to my job at the paper plant and tried to forget her .
they began walking through the plant together , getting stopped several times as employees asked them questions .
when he saw her , carolyn 's plant manager , jim reynolds , hurried toward her with a clipboard in his hand .
` ` i was inspecting possible sites for a new sewer treatment plant .
and really , would she want to work in a meat - packing plant once she had all that money ?
the sooner she got to the office , the better - and then she 'd still have to work at that damn meat - packing plant for maybe two more months .
he laughed at his own joke as he entered the plant , and everyone in the vicinity laughed , too .
she ended the call and trudged toward the plant entrance .
as she entered the plant , a supervisor approached .
` ` they ' ve just signed a deal with the european union to outsource management of their nuclear plants to them , and it 's a deal worth billions .
by tomorrow i want people at the gates of plants all over the country .
her mom had said it was because he worked so many hours at the plant .
realistic is your dad and me trying to manage our expenses when they keep cutting his hours at the plant .
the centerpiece of this waterfront park was the old rusted gasification plant from the turn of the century .
breezes blew the hair across her eyes , waves slapped against the shore , the rusted metal of the abandoned plant creaked and moaned .
at the lucky spot , probably , drinking boilermakers and complaining about cutbacks at the paper plant .
i walk out of the bathroom over to the bed and face plant .
i lock the door behind me , run to my room and face plant into my bed .
ducking behind a large potted plant , marguerite waited for him to pass her location in his pursuit of her .
but i pulled leslie behind a potted plant .
the last thing he wanted was to face plant on the runway .
this came from roy burdett , who worked the day shift down at the poultry plant out on route 321 .
if mr . marshall did n't do something quick to fix these problems , the state might close the plant down .
` ` they 're cutting corners at the chicken plant , '' she finally said .
but i want things to be right at the plant . ''
i think he took a big hit during the economic downturn a couple of years ago , and the plant is hanging on by its fingernails .
` ` look , rocky , the point is that golfing for god , even if it becomes a real tourist attraction , will never employ as many people as the chicken plant .
the plant was cutting corners , but jimmy was still selling land for top dollar .
maybe the chicken plant was in worse trouble than rachel had made it sound .
and second of all , i did n't get a chance to tell you about miriam 's prediction because we were busy talking about the problems at the chicken plant , and then bubba arrived , and the rest is history . ''
now she seemed to think being an administrative assistant at the chicken plant was the pinnacle of achievement .
` ` look , '' caroline said , ` ` call me if you hear any more rumors at the chicken plant .
especially if jimmy marshall was fiddling while the chicken plant failed .
jimmy was either bribing officials , or propping up the chicken plant , or god knew what else .
that meant she might get something out of him about those safety issues down at the chicken plant .
so any plan to get roy to gossip about the plant went right up in smoke .
the trouble at the chicken plant was really taking a toll on her , was n't it ?
the plant is in trouble .
if we lose the chicken plant , last chance will die like a lot of other american small towns . ''
` ` it 's better than worrying about the chicken plant . ''
time to get cissy and hugh the heck out of dodge , so caroline could circle back around later and find out what hettie actually knew about the doings over at the chicken plant .
better to focus on her new job and the chicken plant and what hettie knew about those shady land deals .
she checked her e - mail , made a few phone calls to the dc office with questions about short- and long - term living arrangements in the nation 's capital , and worried about what hettie marshall knew about the situation at the chicken plant .
` ` look , i ' ve heard from completely reliable sources that things are n't so good down at the chicken plant . ''
what have you been trying to do - keep the chicken plant solvent all by your lonesome ?
honestly , if you wanted to infuse the plant with cash , why did n't you do it directly instead of buying up jimmy 's land at inflated prices ? ''
` ` i did n't buy the land to shore up the plant . ''
she wanted to save the chicken plant and find a way to build hugh 's factory here , where it would matter to a bunch of ordinary people .
she said he needed to fix things here at the plant .
whatever it is , he 's started cutting corners down at the plant .
` ` i ' m guessing that you offered to buy the plant from jimmy , but he would n't sell because he 's a rat bastard and he 's always hated you . ''
the chicken plant does that , but if the state swoops in and shuts it down , where the heck are we going to be ? ''
i do n't want the chicken plant to fail .
it was a good job , supervising the construction of a new textile machinery plant .
between his wife and his daddy and the problems down at the chicken plant , jimmy 's life had been pretty crappy lately .
i only asked because everyone knows that for the last few months he 's been living down at the river and- '' ` ` i know , but he 's gotten himself sober , and he 's been going to church , and he 's started to address the issues at the chicken plant .
and he was into something - there were irregularities down at the chicken plant , and he was the ceo .
` ` and everyone in town is all worried because if mr . marshall is dead , then what 's going to happen at the chicken plant ?
` ` do n't you worry , now , things are going to be okay at the plant .
` ` it 's not like his folks depend on the chicken plant . ''
i ' m pretty sure he bribed an inspector to keep the chicken plant open .
and i do n't mean one of them chickens they process out at the plant .
and you did this at the same time you were managing the golfing for god restoration and dealing with jimmy 's death and the chicken plant .
` ` things are n't good at the chicken plant , but we 'll muddle through . ''
you 're trying to save the chicken plant .
` ` da plant 's moving and storage . ''
he ducked behind a potted plant with her and claimed her lips hungrily .
they stepped out from behind the plant and he said , ` ` the one that says that you have a naughty thought that you 're not going to share .
after ten seconds of stony silence , during which she looked me over from head to toe in disgust , making me want to hide behind the big potted plant in her office , she finally spoke .
' better he smell like a chemical plant than a corpse , right ?
i think of my wife and her new lover , slapping their cold bodies together like poultry in a packing plant .
new foster homes pop up like processing plants as mothers and fathers disappear , chewed up and swallowed down by the plague .
after filling out dozens of forms and passing a series of tests , she was scheduled for an interview at the boeing renton plant for the following monday .
she pulled into the huge boeing parking lot at the renton plant ten minutes later than usual and hurriedly locked her car .
` ` you mean to tell me we ' ve been employed by the same company , working at the same plant , and we did n't even know it ? ''
` ` yeah , my dad works with manufacturing plants all over the world , but none in nevada yet .
he 'd dreamed of working at a major hydroelectric plant for years .
` ` they upgraded the plant in ' 93 and now they have all francis - type vertical hydraulic turbines . ''
then he had to stop by the power plant and tidy things up in preparation , for leaving for a couple of days .
an hour and a half later he 'd squared away everything at the power plant .
charlie shepherd is a systems consultant for many large hydroelectric plants in the western u.s . his expertise also is solicited by new hydroelectric installations in developing nations all over the world .
having learned a trade instead of going to college , he 'd spent forty years in a furniture manufacturing plant working for an hourly wage that increased by pennies each january .
` ` when he retired , '' she finally said , ` ` they had a small party at the plant for him , and i remember thinking that he was going to miss going in every day .
the plant presses were tidily strapped to the sides of this enormous machine , like bumpers on a tugboat .
i 'd only torched a measly plant , not the whole apartment !
that plant fire the previous night was only the beginning .
you could have served him sludge from a toxic waste plant and he would have asked for seconds , '' jared teased .
the king seized all guns and had all manufacturing plants razed .
had an accident at the plant , dear .
` ` dad worked at a chemical plant .
they should have left right away , right after his father had disappeared over the hill on his way to the plant .
he 'd been laid off at the plant two months earlier and had been spending most nights there , an angry man looking for pity and solace in the company of alcoholics .
mabel was cleaning up in the back while julie took care of the reception area , and it was then that she noticed the pair of sunglasses on the counter , beside the potted plant .
his father was an alcoholic who worked at a chemical plant , his mother was a homemaker .
but even if they were n't , the simple fact is that they do n't have that many working tanks anymore , and even if they were secretly building thousands at some plant in siberia with the intent of overrunning europe , any advancing wave of tanks would most likely be confronted with air strikes and our own mechanized divisions instead of the infantry .
balan watched his wife 's useless efforts to fix the plant , baffled , and then realization struck .
but the real heart of the business lay beyond the orchard , in the small plant where they bottled the jellies and preserves .
it would have been nice had she hired him as the manager at the plant , where he 'd be able to sit in an air - conditioned office issuing orders and overseeing things as opposed to delivering snacks to convenience stores .
to her left darkness blanketed a slope covered with ice plant .
` ` we 're going to the computer component plant i ' ve come to assess .
she certainly did n't need a business degree to handle what was essentially categorizing and organizing the computer plant 's purchasing history .
` ` what exactly were you looking for at the plant today ? ''
but i have n't been to san francisco before , and i 'd rather see more of it than the inside of a computer parts plant .
but in return , you come to the plant and work with me . ''
it was n't on the drive to the plant this morning when he 'd informed her in a superior tone how he operated and what he expected of her .
because he 'd expected to go out on a narcotics plant this morning , he was wearing blue jeans , a sweat shirt , and reeboks .
over the years , steve had seen him repair radios , televisions , auto and lawn mower engines , leaking pipes , dangling gutters , broken windows , and once , even the hydraulic presses of a small tool - manufacturing plant near the state line .
one of jakob 's uncles manufactured furniture a few blocks from my father 's shop , and for months ruth and her family lived in two cramped rooms above the plant floor .
the target was a ball - bearing plant in schweinfurt .
funny how many of the mansions were surrounded by the toxic plant .
the plant will reopen on monday .
there was a heavy potted plant sitting at the doorstep .
he 'd already proven himself capable of major plant brutality .
` ` you should think about the fact that you say more to your cat than you do to your own mother , '' satan says from behind my ficus plant .
i pick up chuckles and fling him at the plant , which serves exactly three purposes .
they 're a shade of violet that could only be made in a new jersey chemical plant .
the word hovered between them in the silence , only the watery hiss of the plant mister answering his one statement that told more than he 'd wanted to relay .
trails of steam and smoke from power plants rose , not yet dispersed or dissipated by winds - early morning peace , deceptively calming before the launch of a day that could hold anything .
` ` no , i assumed your father- '' ` ` daddy started off as a laborer for hensley 's , working in the bottling plant for union wages .