etude 's rock fell harmlessly to the side as ku'sox sidestepped it , but quen 's blow landed , the man 's fist plowing into ku'sox 's face to make the demon scream and fall back .
after a long day of plowing , he 'd replaced the roof on one of the sheds behind the barn .
the fields around us had been harvested , but the plowing had n't been done for the next crop .
` ` small place ; they likely have n't more than an ox or a mule for the plowing , if that .
' twould be hard work , mind , clearing fields and planting and plowing , but farming is mostly peaceful .
he kept all the plowing blades and picking hooks in good condition .
` ` then , captain , we need to do some plowing .
chapter 10 the morning of the first plowing dawned bright and warm .
except for preliminary teachings tailored to acolytes and postulants , the sisterhood did not go in much for admonitory sayings , but odrade had her own private watchwords : ` ` someone has to do the plowing . ''
someone has to do the plowing .
` ` galladon has finished his plowing , '' saolin said .
` ` i think it 's likely the robot he called stuttering bill , out doing his after - storm plowing , '' he said .
the foil dropped off the step with an abrupt plowing motion that sent it sliding down a wave face and pitched it up the next one .
then she heard a kind of plowing , snorting breath in her ear , smelled tobacco , and understood what was happening .
the two of them had been on the edge of getting down to business when roy and clay ( pinch and jilly , rimer thought ) showed up , their plowing and planting in the second - floor cribs also apparently over for another night .
heck , all them country boys are cute with their golden tans from the harsh sunlight of farming , their broad shoulders from tractor plowing and their slow molasses southern draws of sexy baritone trombone that echoes lovely into my eardrums .
i lift my right boot off the pedal slowing my speed when i hit the water spraying lovely waterfalls of water into the air bathing the wheels , doors , me , and the underbelly of the atv then i stomp my boot on the gas plowing into the gently rolling up a slight hill then down a slight hill of a single cow pasture used for housing the beef cows who do nt pay attention to me as i whip around their tiny groups of grazing skulls and wiggling tails .
the suv bumped up against the snow piled on the berm from an earlier plowing .
john did not personally witness the second scooter plowing over the wolf that tore a chunk out of his back , but he still felt satisfied to be free .
she slammed on the brakes , swerving to the right plowing off the road , luckily striking a tree on the side of the road which dropped at a forty - five degree slope .
a half foot of fresh snow had fallen and been windblown during the early morning hours , clogging the trails and making the climb to the base of the radio mast a plowing struggle .
` ` dad is supposed to do the plowing for the community vegetable garden tonight , '' cori sighed .
i was doing the plowing . ''
` ` i ' m afraid it would be rather an uneven plowing , sir - four big hops to one good pull .
tom narrowly missed plowing into the older man 's back .
off on the far wall contained the plowing equipment and on the other side of the room held the harvesting tools and the wagon they use to pull their crops to the market .
` ` you are certainly worth holding off on the plowing . ''
gus and gertie were older horses and had done plowing and harrowing most of their lives .
he had finished the plowing and harrowing which was simpler than he thought with the fresh rainfall .
brad had been hoping his dad would loan him enough to squeak by on since he was suppose to start doing some plowing and harrowing for a neighbor of charlie 's next week and could pay harold back out of that money in a week or so .
he watched as she hooked a brown booted foot on the stirrup and climbed , with the help of handholds along the top of the saddle , up and on top of the mammoth , and then steered it expertly out into the plowing fields .
you 'll get hungry plowing . ''
shemayah was seen back at work , with the hands who 'd gone ahead with the plowing when he himself had remained indoors refusing to give the simplest orders .
the festival was repeated each year as the plowing and sowing began .
` ` i give melaina over to you , kallias , for the plowing and sowing of legitimate children . ''
the reward of hard months of plowing , hoeing , and watering grew obvious as the cash crop began to fill the former slave quarters , awaiting its sale for a higher price than it had seen in years .
he was pretty good at working the fields and gathering the crops , but he was nt as confident about doing the plowing and planting .
his pa had been around for the plowing and planting last year .
before tom realized it the plowing and planting had been finished .
as he packed his gear , he told her that the captain he was going with had said that no one thought the war would last long ; he intended to be back in time to start the spring plowing .
it had been plowed , but the plowing had just pushed the snow up against the sidewalks , so the few people who were out walking like us , walked in the street .
of course they had a tractor to do the plowing and a seeder to do the planting .
` ` and if the ground is dry enough when we get back , i might have to turn the job over to you and the boys and start my spring plowing . ''
the sun had dropped nearly to the treeline by the time jason finished his plowing .
satisfied that he would nt go running to his slaughter , penny looked out the window across the fields shed spent the day plowing .
the first settlers must have thrown up their hands after a day of futile plowing .
when he saw two small dark horses pulling plows , perhaps fifty yards off , he thought that the amusement park had become a farm , but then he noticed the crowd watching the plowing from the top of the field and understood that this was a contest .
igod got into trouble one winter with the snow plowing .
no plowing , no weeding , no spraying .
ill have her plowing fields long before you find foster in charleston .
its plowing ahead .
images of a happy millie plowing into a thick cake of snow in our backyard came to me , her dusty , shadow - colored body working hard to stay on the surface , her ears flapping with every bounce .
people went from simple plowing with horses along the contours of their land , to tractors that tore up the topsoil .
he lived in that outhouse and did n't set foot on our place for six months , but we 'd see him out in field plowing , dust just boiling up around him like it was his anger .
he continued with his plowing , not knowing that this bird was different .
benny counted on income from winter plowing to get him through the season and keep him supplied in the fuel that kept him going , namely peach - flavored brandy .
and not the plowing , the hoeing , weeding , harvesting .
the parking lot still needed quite a bit of plowing , but i could escape with my car , at least .
da and ian help with the plowing , but ... and he leaves for days on end - sometimes he 's picking up little jobs here and there , translating for a traveler - but mostly , he 's just gone .
to say nothing of rollo , the pig , three horses , and two mules that duncan had left us , to manage the spring plowing .
the fear and grief plowing through her were nearly overwhelming .