an artistic arrangement sat in the center of the table composed of stems , dried seedpods , mosses , tall branches , and living magnolia blossoms .
` ` there are some wisteria clippings and seedpods that i ' m hoping have some seeds left as they 're highly poisonous .
looking at the seedpods , odrade thought of them as life trying to break through a human intervention .
they were like bursting seedpods denying all other existence except themselves .
the meadow grasses drifted in the slight breeze as small wrens balanced on the ends , investigating the seedpods for insects .
` ` the seedpods are filled with a formula .
miss dimovna suspected romulus and was livid to find his strange seedpods gone from her desk , but seeing as she 'd dragged him out of the classroom by the ear , she could hardly pin the blame on him .
it had a peculiarly long spike at its tip , decorated with two egg - sized metal globules , like seedpods , one near the fabric and another closer to the tip .
he flirted with issa , brought her little gifts - snakes carved from seedpods , jade - drop earrings , almonds .
it was the season where the tree dropped its seedpods .
she let small bones , the odd coin , short sticks and seedpods fall into her hand and threw them on a grass mat .
those were a pain to pull out because of their spiky brown seedpods .
the boys waved to me and headed straight back down into brambly manjack i would have sworn was impenetrable moments before , making the sound of a rainstorm as they rattled the seedpods on the small tan - tan trees .
i plucked one and stuck it in my left shorts pocket , then added a few tamarind seedpods for good measure .
the key steps in harvesting involved slitting the bulbous seedpods and then collecting the sap .
the species had spread all along the eastern united states thanks to seedpods used for packing material in crates shipped from china .
i said a stinking toe , or tinkin toe , as some jamaicans call it , because the seedpods look like big , fat toes and have the scent of smelly feet .