when megan reached for mary 's arm to find a place for the needle , mary winced .
trading places with pesh , she started another iv in the crook of mary 's right elbow .
after abandoning his place by the stove , pesh placed his hands on the marble countertop and leaned in close to megan .
chapter 3 in the morning my eyes popped open to land on hers as she looked up at me from her place on my chest .
every stable thing i ' ve muscled into place has disappeared .
wine was open , flowers were in place , wait staff had arrived and were getting instructions ... . she was doing a final walk through of the dining room and living room when a strong arm wrapped around her waist , lifting her up and carrying her into the smaller library .
this one is bigger but everything seems to be in place . ''
everything needed to be finished and in place by five o'clock , she 'd told everyone so she could go to her father 's place and get herself ready .
` ` go inside and lock the door so i can hear the bolts slide into place , '' he commanded .
` ` i love the way you feel , '' he said softly as his hand pressed her leg against his hip , moving into place .
each child took their place on the carpet .
she settled her knight into place and then considered the best place for her bishops .
she settled her knight into place and then considered the best place for her bishops .
he already had a plan in place .
at one of the open pool tables in the back of the bar , he pulled all the balls together , sliding them into place .
everyone there was tense and speeding down the hallways , working at top speed in order to get the best deal in place which would make them the next deal .
` ` everything in place ? ''
when her legs automatically opened for him , he moved into place , his finger slipping inside her heat .
rocco watched in amazement and confusion as the doctor scrubbed his hands thoroughly while he called out instructions to the nurses , all of whom were putting things in place , readying the room for the delivery of his child .
as he pulled the saddle off of storm and went to put it in its place , he was surprised to see adrienne leaning against the stable door , waiting for him .
she 'd take her lowly place in back and play second fiddle to them for the rest of the night .
as she took her place near the altar , she met rob 's gaze and smiled .
* * * * * masonry by moonlight was n't going to be the next big thing , rob thought as he troweled on a layer of cement and fitted another stone in place .
she heard his breath hitch and a moment later felt him take his place behind her .
taking her place next to the white - taped starting line someone had made near the end of the boardwalk , she waited for jake 's ` ` go ! ''
he 'd thought perhaps the show would have supplied a skittish steed that refused to stand still for the process , but buttercup , as a crew member told him his mare was named , stood placidly while he yanked and tugged the saddle into place and fiddled with the reins .
he placed a foot in one stirrup , reached up for a handhold on the pommel and pulled himself into place , if not gracefully , at least successfully .
emory was a stickler for cleanliness and could n't bear for anything to be out of place , even for a moment .
and once he 'd pushed past her to tidy that up , he could n't help noticing her easy chair was out of place .
she 'd only set two posts in place when she checked her watch and saw that it was after three .
by four - fifteen , the four posts were in place and she 'd fastened the cross - pieces to them designed to hold up the floor .
the wide table she 'd disassembled was put together and back into place .
now that rose had the posts in place , the rest of it went more easily .
by the time the pale sun had climbed as high as it would get on this fall day , she had the floor and four walls in place .
they struggled to lift the trusses into place , but with two ladders and a lot of swearing , they were able to do it .
dusk was falling fast by the time the last one was in place .
she slowly moved to take her place behind the table and placed the cue ball on the green surface .
but while the stars kept to their places in the sky , her whole life had changed .
ethan held his place to the right .
in the winter he found a place in front of the fire in their formal living room .
a look around told her everything was in place .
a bouquet of red and white roses sat in pride of place on the dining room table .
` ` i 'll man the cash register , '' mia called out and nearly bounced to take her place at the till .
the chairs were set in lines for the ceremony and everything else that needed to be lifted and moved was in place .
mia laughed at camila 's horrified expression and moved back to her place behind the till .
mia took her place behind the counter and pulled on an apron , still wondering why luke would act that way toward his brother .
with so many willing hands it was a cinch to get all the chairs set up in rows for the ceremony and all the decorations in place , too .
stepping out of the ladies room , she was glancing down at her appearance to make sure everything was in place .
` ` they have been moved into their proper place , sophie , '' jason 's deep voice said from behind her .
on shaking legs , she shoved the last file into place , then wobbled back to her desk .
the past semester had been insanely busy what with working for dominic , finalizing her classes , re - writing her thesis and getting all of the other little details in place that came with graduation .
mentally she groaned , not sure what he could possibly have put in place to keep them from tearing each other 's clothes off and falling into bed .
both of his hands were wrapped in bloody bandages and his clothes looked askew and out of place .
she busied herself by sweeping the four - thousand nails that were being thrown all over the place from each board being pried out of place .
sam raised his head from his place on the bed and lifted an ear , but he quickly lost interest and relaxed back into the comforter .
i nodded as i took my place back on the sofa .
` ` your bathing suit got a little out of place . ''
she pressed the button to let him in then glanced in the mirror to make sure everything was in the right place .
` ` seeing that all the buildings were in place i was aiming for a christmas launch .
i ' ve put things in place so that i do n't have to keep running off . ''
here is what i have in mind ... '' by the time sloane finished speaking they had a plan in place , one in which melanie would have to employ shock tactics to get trent palmer to confess .
` ` i ' ve put things in place to get my business back in order .
how could it , when right then his hand was leaving its safe place at her nape and sliding into the collar of her shirt ?
at that thought the bravado seeped out of her and her heart began to slide from its resting place down to the bottom of her stomach .
with everything in place , lani went to sit at the table and wait for her husband to appear .
it was now 3 pm and everything that could be in place was .
i could even follow how clever it was , the safeguards in place to keep anyone from finding out , and because of that , who had done it .
logan asked , grabbing the life jacket and halting me easily in place .
his grip was strong on mine as his eyebrows returned to their rightful places on his face .
the last window was blurry with rain as the final board fit into place .
she was so used to looking in the mirror , fixing what was obviously out of place , and walking away , that she never even dreamed she could look like this .
` ` i ' m not going to let you down a second time , '' he said , rolling the condom into place .
when he returned with their protection in place , he turned her away from him , then wrapped his arms around her and pulled her back against his chest .
` ` i stored the rest of my things until i find a place in devil 's fork . ''
on one hand , rules were rules and had been put into place to discourage students ' undesirable behavior .
ignoring his question , mattie set a plate of food at his usual place at the big , round oak table .
quickly rolling their protection into place , he nudged her knees apart and settling himself in the cradle of her hips , entered her with one smooth stroke .
as soon as the last horse was guided into place , the front of the chutes flew open at the same time the announcer shouted , ` ` they 're off . ''
taking his place at the bottom of the steps , he looked around .
sergio was gone , attending to last minute details and making sure everything was in place .
i put some pins in place to hold the bones together .
when he finished unpacking , not even caring if anything was in the right place , he hollered for her from the front door .
` ` i ' m making toast , '' she said , then turned back to pick up the next shingle , sliding it into place before picking up the hammer once again .
nothing was out of place that she could see but everything looked a little more messed than she 'd thought she 'd left things .
what she saw almost broke her but she stood firm , despite the hair that was already out of place and the loosened tie around victor 's neck .
she 'd been hiding from him that morning to avoid his wrath , which could be invoked for anything including a wisp of hair being out of place or her eyes looking happy .
she seemed to know exactly where jason was going to step and could anticipate his next move , placing her feet in the correct place .
she stood up from her place near the desk and crossed her arms over her stomach .
slipping it into place on her camera , she crawled back across the floor , poking her head up just high enough to see through the warehouse window .
the plants that had been put in place were fine , but there was n't anything spectacular about them .
as she heard the doorbell ring , indicating the first guests were starting to arrive , she quickly went down the stairs , stepping into place beside her parents just as the servant opened the heavy front door .
he pulled his phone out of his pocket and dialed a number , getting the process in place that would ... .coax her into his way of thinking .
` ` oh , '' she lifted her hand from his broad shoulder , waving it in the air for a moment before returning to the original place .
i ' m just not used to max working from home so often so i do n't have my processes in place yet .
he picked up the glass the bartender had efficiently place on the bar and handed it to her .
just a few more days , and his plan would be put into place he reminded himself .
throwing open the closet doors , she fingered the bikinis that were hanging in the closet , having been returned to their places by an unnamed staff member .
alessandra 's hair even more out of place than it had been earlier in the morning , an occurrence which had never happened before .
edward 's mind was focused more on the contract alice had place in the center of his desk , the contract he would be discussing in his next meeting that would finalize his company 's purchase of a business worth more than three billion dollars .
his plan was in place and he almost laughed out loud at how easily edward had fallen into the trap .
maintaining a stoic face while she worked , sasha carefully cleaned her brushes and set them in the appropriate place in their holders to dry out , meticulously ensuring that they were immaculate and ready for her next project .
along with the sunshine and longer days , the daffodils were starting to pop up from their winter hiding place .
sasha shook her head as she took up her usual place in the uncomfortable chair next to rennata 's bedside .
he led her over to the sofa , to a place nearest the fire and the christmas tree , then went to get her a glass of wine .
he walked into rufus catelano 's office without knocking which was simple since his assistant was n't in her place outside .
not only were all the walls perfectly painted , but her furniture had been moved back into place , but still kept about an inch from the walls until the paint was dry .
there was not a hair out of place on his perfectly cut head of hair and she did n't detect even a hint of sweat anywhere on him .
chapter 8 emma 's fingers shook as she packed ; the delicate lace and silks falling from her fingers as she tried to neatly place them in the suitcase but ended up falling a few times before she could place them carefully in the designated place .
within moments , he was off the bed and pulling her slacks off , tossing his own possibly in the same place her sweater and bra had landed .
the dog was in the same place where she 'd left it and darcy knelt down once more with the bowl of food in front of her .
she scrambled to her feet , her hands automatically straightening her clothes yet again to ensure that everything was in place .
she pulled on the jeweled shoe and handed the flowered one back to the servant , then quickly took her place in the picture .
she bristled at his confident tone and tried to step back , but a piece of solid furniture was blocking her , keeping her in place .
she 'd start off slowly with about twenty designs , then expand as mary learned how to get her distribution processes in place .
everyone was in his or her customary place .
` ` and it looked as if you liked him out on the dance floor , '' giuseppe said , laughing and shaking his head as he took his place in their circle .
she wiped the counters , dried pots and pans , put them in their appropriate places , then looked around to see if anything else needed to be done .
finding a place in the main reading room , she put her back pack on a chair then headed over to an unoccupied computer terminal .
what are the goals for retention and what plans do we need to put into place to get there ? ''
victoria 's hand shook as she pulled open the filing cabinet and slid the file back into it 's place .
chapter 2 two days later , sal put his plan into place .
the delivery men moved her new family room furniture into place , and then left quickly .
she looked around her bedroom and all the furnishings were still in their usual place , but something was different .
` ` right , but we ' ve got to get the precautions in place before then . ''
kate looked around his large frame and took in the beautiful jet with stairs already in place and the passenger door open .
edana grumbled as she went to sit at her place on the table .
the necklace dropped into place against the back of her neck and she whirled to face him .
` ` i thought it might be fun to have place cards at the table . ''
she drew back and scooped up their menus , dropping them into place behind the mini - juke box .
she hesitated , but his hand remained in its place , outstretched and waiting for hers .
` ` broke my arm in two places . ''
there was n't a hair out of place .
wearing a dark grey three - piece suit with a black shirt and tie underneath , there was n't a strand of short blond hair out of place .
gabriel and paul sat in the porch swing , while their dad took his usual place in the rocking chair .
she managed to get out of the chair and place rhys beside daisy , before giving her a big hug .
gently , he balanced the baby on his knee and kept one hand on the small boy 's back to hold him in place .
` ` i just need to move my chair into place and- '' ` ` where do you want it ? ''
he bent his head to take first one nipple and then the other into his mouth and tula swayed in place .
he opened drawers , returning the hammer , nails and leftover shingles to their proper places and when he was finished , he turned to find colleen staring at him , a smile as bright as sunlight on her face .
` ` the night we met , '' he said , taking a place beside her at the railing .
the caterers would be in place in the kitchen , and the musicians would be tuning up in the far corner .
i was shocked to find all of my things were still in the same place i left them .
the entourage went about their places when i knowingly glanced ahead , seeing blake standing next to my soon - to - be husband , who was looking even more dashing since i had seen him last .
she took her place at the center of the room .
allison 's graceful hands touched the 3d images , moving them sequentially until they locked into place .
when the convertible roof slid into place , he locked his car and spread his arms .
the two engaged in a brief , playful water brawl , while allison and family friend rick dunn unfurled the volleyball net , securing it in place .
in an instant , julian was at camille 's side and removing the photograph from its place on the wall .
not a single strand of her blonde hair was out of place .
ivy did n't mention the cruise to either woman , thinking it was probably too far in the future to count on , even if jordan did manage to get them places on it .
there were calls to be made , arrangements to be put in place , and knowing she had the happy support of her friends made the prospect of the engagement party much less intimidating .
she felt stripped of any clothing armour and he 'd just ripped off the mental armour she 'd tried to put in place .
he had to change what she was trying to put back into place right now .
then the dresser zipped it into place and nicole stared at her reflection in the cheval mirror placed ready for her to see herself .
parked in the driveway and looking very oddly out of place was a large , luxury tourist coach .
he simply did n't want her private life adversely affecting what he had put in place .
ruth worthington undoubtedly had a tidy mind , everything having to be just right and in its place .
he grabbed joshua 's ankles , raised his bottom off the bunny rug and whipped a clean nappy into place .
as out of place as luc 's red ferrari !
despite his annoyance at lucia 's interference , jenny expected him to choose the ready pleasures of a lover , especially since the arrangement was already in place .
her mind was giddy with hopeful anticipation as she reached the end of the aisle and turned to take her place as the fifth bridesmaid at the side of the altar .
what he 'd already set in place was incredibly impressive and persuasive , but if he thought she would discard the life she 'd worked for to suit his time - table , he could think again .
wednesday brought a plasma television , which was installed on the wall to the right of the door leading to the ensuite rooms , taking the place where her mother 's dressing table had previously stood .
if ethan cartwright had spent the six years of secondary school there , that could have become habitual , and it would be fairly natural for him to have a place for everything and everything kept in its place - nothing too odd about it .
a place for everything and everything in its place .
as i gently ease it over my head a hook catches on my hair and pulls a lock out of place .
i adjust the material into place around my body and hips , and then turn back to see the effect of the plunging back .
my arousal did not come from any expectation of what could take place , but from the act of exposing myself .
nathan raised one hand in the air , dropped some kindling on his foot and hopped in place .
the almost impossible to get into place on the coast .
gina looked up from her place at the torino kitchen table .
` ` yes , my dear , '' jean claude said , from his place beside the cold hearth .
she toed off her sandals and then wriggled in place to get rid of the denim that was separating her from him .
not a paper out of place .
` ` i ' ve decided that i ' m going to look at this whole situation as a gift , '' nicole said from her place at the stove .
that night as she lay beside brenna , staring up at the stars , she tried not to think of the ugly siege tower that cast its ominous shadow across the meadow - the tower that would soon be moved into place against merrick keep 's ancient walls .
behind her , she heard the heavy door latch fall into place , and her heart slammed into her ribs .
by the time royce and jenny came downstairs , many of the knights had already finished eating and the trestle tables had already been dismantled and propped neatly in their appropriate place against the wall .
when ian took his place down the field from royce , jenny noticed at once the subtle difference in royce 's stance : he was as motionless as before - but now he was leaning slightly forward , crouched , menacing - eager to be unleashed on the foe who 'd dared seek a favor from his wife .
when he was near , he flicked a level , impassive glance over the men standing around her , and they parted to make a place for him as if he had ordered them aside .
her favorite painting , a lively hunt scene in the cool morning mist , was in its place of honor on the balcony , hanging between a pair of chippendale sconces .
clayton was already drawing the burgundy leather wing - back chairs into place on opposite sides of the chess table .
she dosed the door behind her , and the latch clicked into place .
turning back to the desk , she picked up the quill and wrote his name and title in the proper place on the seating diagram .
whitney took her appointed place at the front .
he put his glass down and strolled off to take his assigned place at one of the banquet tables .
when whitney had arrived eight days ago and asked if she could stay here until clayton had time to think things through and come for her , alicia westmorland had considered urging her to return at once to her rightful place beside her husband , insisting upon it , in fact and yet , there was something about whitney 's hurt , determined look that had reminded the dowager duchess of herself , many years before - of clayton 's father striding across her parents ' drawing room , where he had found his wife after an absence of four days : ` ` get into that carriage immediately , '' he had ordered her .
in place of the exhilarating things she used to enjoy , there was the dubious challenge of learning to pour tea while holding the pot at just the right angle , of placing one 's fork and knife in the correct place after dining - trivial things , to be sure , but as aunt cornelia said , ` ` knowing how to behave is your most valuable asset - your only one , in our circumstances . ''
as the tall oaken panels swung silently into place , sherry settled her skirts around her .
with shaking hands , the manager reached out to slide the clock back to its rightful place , then he cried out in horror as the clock 's face fell forward , its hands swinging limply from side to side .
either indifferent to , or unaware of , the unnatural atmosphere and watchful eyes that followed them , the two former combatants parted company at the center of the room , langford to search for a servant with a tray of drinks , and duville to return to his empty place at the card table .
instead , she indulged her high spirits by doing something she used to do as a little girl : she walked over to one of the mirrored pillars , leaned close to it , peering into the mirror and pretending to poke a strand of hair into place , then she grinned and winked at the security agent she knew would be sitting inside the pillar , watching for shoplifters .
meredith understood all that , and she refused to let their unencouraging expressions ruffle her confidence as she took her place at the foot of the table where the projector had been set up , and wait for her father 's permission to begin .
she pressed the button on the projector 's remote control , and the first slide showing the anticipated costs for the proposed store dropped into place .
she pressed the button and the next slide fell into place , showing much higher figures for the project .
the third key she tried unlocked the file cabinets ; the file on meredith bancroft was neatly labeled with her name and filed in its appropriate place , under b .
beyond the stable , well out of the camera 's range , two stuntmen were moving automobiles bearing texas state highway patrol insignias into place for a chase scene that would be shot tomorrow .
bridles and riding crops hung on pegs on the opposite wall ; saddles were on wooden racks ; paraphernalia for grooming horses and cleaning tack was in its proper place on a table against the far wall outside the tack room .
the bales were in place , and the gun that would be used in the scene was lying on the table , hidden among the liniment bottles and grooming brushes .
zack rounded on tony , who 'd assumed his place just inside an empty stall .
something was false or missing or out of place .
somehow , she had to angle between the boulders and slow the snowmobile down before it reached the edge of the plateau , then find a hiding place down there among the trees , whose tops rose above the left side of the road .
keeping her gaze glued to his back , she crawled out from under the tree , straightened , and took a stealthy step away from her hiding place and then another and another , intending to sidle from tree to tree .
her mind skated away from that unsolvable dilemma , and she looked around the living room for something that was out of place , something to physically straighten and put to rights , except there was n't anything .
johnny everett looked over his shoulder as he turned his wheelchair sideways , peering in the same direction , tim wimple , whose right leg had been amputated at the knee , swiveled his own wheelchair into place and nodded .
` ` i wrote him within a week of my parents ' death , '' victoria replied , absently tucking a strand of hair into place beneath the pleated brim of her lemon yellow bonnet .
the large book where bets were recorded - a book as sacrosanct to the gamblers of white 's as the bible to a methodist - was still in its usual place .
` ` i ' m talking about the wager you had roddy place in your name in the betting book at white 's , alexandra ! ''
` ` because , '' ian bit out , impatiently shrugging into his jacket and tugging the frilled cuffs of his shirt into place , ` ` i ' m the bastard who did it . ''
i try not to notice the way the muscles of his back contract as he holds a piece of wood in place .
i try not to look too relieved as i return to my place behind the counter .
lauren 's hand froze in place on his neck then she jumped away from him .
other than the magazines , the entire room remained neat with everything in its own place .
he took the picture from my hand , placing it back in its place .
closing the door , she thanked the nurse and took her place behind the wheel .
i take my place by the pole and inhale deeply before i start my performance .
i run toward the bedroom and nothing seems out of place , but it 's too clean and in order .
she likes to do this - have me shut my eyes while she gets in place .
i hear a lot of clanking and keep my place in the chair by her head .
` ` we 're told the danger is behind us and the remainder of the pregnancy should proceed normally with the cerclage in place . ''
i open the wine and pour a generous glassful before i sit in my usual place .
next came recording muscle contraction and nerve conduction and he made ryan help him fit in plugs and place leads over his body , all the time explaining everything .
` ` you have my replacements in place ?
he pulled back after he 'd buckled alex in and put his tray in place , all relieved triumph at this unprecedented achievement .
the quaint pieces of jewelry looked out of place next to the weapons that surrounded them .
i took the plastic frosting spreader from its place on the counter and went to work .
my uncle smiled from his place at the head of the table to my left .
hunter nodded from his place on the top step .
given how the bar had looked , this room was completely out of place .
finding nothing out of place , and in fact actually feeling much better , i settled my cheek back onto the leather cushion .
he moved the leftmost dish to my place and uncovered it .
it seemed like everything was in its right place .
your place settings are in their normal places in front of you , forks on the left , spoons on the right .
my heart surged as the band strode to their places and picked up their instruments .
he kept the door open , which was also too intimate , even though he was n't visible from my place on the bed .
it was rude and out of place seeing how it was her room and all , but she was wearing no pants and was supposedly in a hotel room with the man who 'd just asked me to marry him not twenty - four hours before - i had to know .
what if ... she thanked chloe for the entertainment and returned to her place at the camera , struggling to hide her sudden giddiness .
seth lifted his drill - the same drill he 'd lent to heather for the plays - and screwed the last section of the false window frame into its place on the back of the set , angling himself so nat would n't notice his semi .
` ` let 's start with one date , '' she said , dropping her towel and tying her robe in its place .
then he reached over her , pulled her seatbelt across her , and latched it before scooting to his place behind the wheel .
seal began helping a group place bright lights around the area , a boom operator appeared to be setting mic levels , a cameraman was cleaning his lenses - it was as if he 'd walked onto a film set .
she smoothed her eyebrows with her index finger , as if they would have gotten out of place .
but she took her place outside the front window so that i could see she was there .
she turned to put the dress back in its place and began shuffling through the outfits we 'd already been through .
she nudged me aside with her hip to take her place in front of the register .
things were clicking in place .
` ` i realized something about the last time i asked this , '' he said from his place on the floor in front of me .
she takes her place at the podium and begins her presentation , and i half expect my attraction to her to fade the minute her mouth opens .
i hear her stir in the bathroom , so i rush to get in place on the bed .
my mother , ever the clueless , pipes up from her place on the couch .
all the papers are in place .
she was asleep , coiled around the pillow he 'd slipped into the place where his body had been .
he smiled when he thought about all the changes that had clicked into place over the last few days .
when we sat down his hand found a comfortable resting place on my thigh .
i sat up immediately and braden kissed me sweetly as we quickly fixed our clothes and gave each other a once over to make sure everything was in place .
he slipped the top one from the pile as the vice - principal took her place behind the microphone and began calling names .
as lexi emptied the groceries into their proper places , she turned on the radio , filling the apartment with flowery pop music as she went about the job at hand .
she stepped into the disheveled room and gently rolled the large leather chair back to its place behind the massive desk ; then she righted the toppled armchairs at the foot of the desk and sat down , fidgeting with the strap of her purse the entire time she waited .
lexi pulled out her blackberry and confirmed the date , added it to vincent 's schedule , and sent an email to mr . lewis 's assistant to make sure everything was in place before the men left .
he shifted in place , still clutching the jacket in front of him .
taking his place beside her , he pulled lexi against his chest .
the candles were lit , the flowers were in place , and the table was beautifully set .
then i watched as they secured the tools by hammering them into place on the table .
and puzzle pieces clinking into place .
she clutched the silken ropes , shimmied into place , looked down as he kneaded her thighs apart .
a strategic one , guaranteed to put so many pieces of his plan into place .
he looked as if he were holding the kisses she 'd planted there before she 'd left his side , telling him she 'd go to the bathroom and would be back in moments , in place .
at their place , he set her on the cushions , sat down beside her and fetched her water and maward - rose essence .
she rose , headed back to the suitcases she 'd packed , opened them and started putting everything back in its place .
the song was repeated twice as the bridal procession took their places , surrounding the kooshah in petallike patterns , and everyone pinned their gazes on the hall 's entrance .
when the condom was in place , luis climbed up between jase 's legs and straddled jase 's hips .
a minute before luis was about to put on the acid dyed women 's jeans , the men 's locker room door opened with a loud clank and luis stood there frozen in place .
she usually just wore pantsuits , and as she had n't been shopping since putting her plan in place , she was wearing the same today , with one change .
when they rang the doorbell , suzy pulled it open , doing a little dance in place .
his semidrunken musings were interrupted when he noticed the bella nicola taking her place among the other ships .
when the phallus slid into place , he pumped it a few times until i was nearly drooling around the chain .
it felt even smaller once i 'd unpacked , put everything in its place , and had my two closest friends come over .
i mewled as the stinging washed over me , but held my place , not wanting to disappoint him .
four in the morning was pretty late , as evidenced by the fact that he found a place for the car half a block away .
we thanked the employees we passed as they got the blimp back into place with ropes and pulleys .
myriam hesitates , and i know she wants to interrogate me in - depth about what 's taken place this morning .
* * * candace walked into charlie 's foyer and tried not to betray her nervousness by giggling , babbling , or checking to see if her hair was out of place .
with her limbs still rubbery from his kisses , he quickly moved her other arm into place and secured it to the bedpost .
she walked over to the other side of the bed and shoved his sheets into place with ill grace .
out of the blue , a lovely woman who seemed out of place in a light blue linen dress and shawl pulled ty aside .
she was almost certain that the same arsonist had lit her motel room on fire , then tried to scare her with the note in the fire - box , and then had put all the pieces in place to set off the explosion that had nearly taken robbie 's life that morning .
` ` not done yet , '' he said , locking a slide into place beneath a microscope before he looked up .
he was so big , so strong , so wonderfully hot as his hips shifted into place between her thighs .
she smiled again , a seductive grin that made him even harder , and then her quadriceps tightened as she shifted into place above his shaft .
his abs got a workout as he balanced on top of the boat , unrolled and raised the sail and hooked it into place .
the final piece of the puzzle slid into place inside isabel .
he slid the boot into place and then leaned back on his haunches .
everything was perfectly in place , except her .
d - day approached at rapid speed , and she did n't have a single defense strategy in place yet .
the tea set was still laid out , the settings perfectly in place .
then he went back into the bedroom , picked up the picture of michael , and set it back in its rightful place by katelyn 's bed .
she set one of the mugs at her place , one at his , and slid into her seat .
* when we arrive in vegas , it does n't take long to get everything in place .
one , two , three , four ... tamara lost her place and started counting again .
elec clicked it into place .
he leaned back just a little , then when her legs were in place , he settled her right over his erection .
bracing herself for another round of questioning or more advice , tuesday shoved her pasta around on her place .
she was glancing around the room , looking for anything that could be improved at the last minute , making sure everything was in place and the serving staff was poised for the crowd who was about to enter .
tuesday put her free hand over her mouth as she saw herself on the screen , wavering on her heels , her hair out of place .
like all the pesky details would fall into place if they just ignored them .
that was not a place for a boss 's hand to be .
trey kicked a convenient cushion into place under her .
` ` charlie , why do n't you make sure she gets into place safely ? ''
anger floods my body , making my hands tremble from their resting place on my hips , and i bite the inside of my lip .
the girl that greeted me places a glass by my side .
` ` she 'll have guessed that would be my first move and will have some bullshit plan in place .
the colorful lights of piccadilly circus are perhaps some of the brightest i can see despite how small they are from our place in the sky .
her breath caught , but she remained in place , those huge blue eyes watching him with a mix of wary curiosity and definite desire .
he asked from his place across the room .
she trembled but remained in place as his lips hit the sweet spot at the base of her spine , just above the silken thong that settled between her cheeks .
it took everything in him to remain in place , not flip her over and take her hard and fast this time .
her office was still in the same place , and she 'd cried with relief on hearing my voice .
` ` it 's another version , '' aunt dee said from her place at the table .
though there was a chance that zoe was trying to discourage him with her warnings about sam 's defense mechanisms springing into place , he decided it was unlikely zoe would lie about something so important .
only a few hours had passed , but by the time he knocked on the door and elena let him in , there was no sign of turmoil , except for a few pieces of furniture out of place .
the centerpiece of the living room was a big - screen tv ; a desktop pc sat in the corner , but the bookshelf held a prominent place as well .
but then i noticed he had his briefcase held in a strategic place .
because obviously if you did all those things , it means you screwed up and are trying to soften the blow , '' i said as i straightened his tie and made sure everything else was in place .
it 's like , if you could only get in there and put everything in place , where you wanted it , then everything would be perfect .
yes , we have been through a lot , and we have put measures in place to ensure nothing like this ever happens again .
something sparked in his earlobe , and for the first time i noticed a tiny diamond stud in his left ear that was out of place , given the office setting , but somehow suited him .
her hands shook as she settled her guitar in place .
everything has its place , and he makes sure that it 's there .
i fumble with my wallet that i ' ve pulled from the pocket of my jacket hanging nearby and locate a condom , making short work of getting it in place .
with the right things in place , maybe i can end the evening with a new job and a new boyfriend .
i step into the foyer and she shuts the door behind me , sliding a chain - lock into place .
as soon as the shower curtain slides into place , mia comes into the bathroom and sits on the toilet .
` ` have you put it in it 's place ? ''
` ` put what in it 's place ? ''
spike stood in place , surveying the area around us .
we have the travel arrangements in place , spells being finalized , itineraries almost finished .
` ` your clothing was out of place .
blake had vowed to take it down , but it was in the exact same place five years later .
going on instinct , he slid his seat back into place so he could reach the rudders , then reached forward and took the controls .
she needed just five more minutes , maybe one hour , to wake up and get her armor in place before speaking to blake .
` ` oh , god ... '' we both paused as we slipped into place together for the first time in many years .
then his c**k took the place where his tongue had just been .
things moved inside me and clicked into place .
i came back over to my place beneath the mermaid angel and again watched the sea for a time .
imagined putting my feet in place , leaning in , thrusting my arms up .
and when cole moved into place , i hurried to fasten his ankles , his wrists .
intellectually , i know that he is only discussing the flight plan with grayson and generally making sure that all of our travel arrangements are in place and confirmed .
` ` is the privacy screen in place ? ''
they have a marketing plan in place , and they 're deep into beta testing .
i checked every pocket , and came up with nothing out of place .
he moved in a flash , grabbing me , turning , and perching me on the table , until our places were reversed .
besides , they 're already here and plans are in place . ''
she 's my biggest client , so whatever precautions need to be put into place , i ' m on board completely . ''
although lonnie was a stickler about time , one of his quirks was that he did n't want the models on his set until everything was in place and ready to go .
nothing had been out of place .
chapter 35 they scrambled into two vehicles , shoving in clips , lifting assault rifles into place and positioning knives and flashbang grenades .
give me a few days to get the taps in place .
but the phone tap on faith 's office phone was in place , and all that remained was for him to get into her apartment to bug her personal line .
` ` i was getting the phone tap in place .
` ` he made the decoy we put in place .
i twisted in place , my feet remaining planted , my torso turning and leaning back .
i had barely a second to process the sounds of new york - horns , voices , air brakes squealing , sirens in the distance- and the smell of the alley - garlic and cooking food undercut by the sour - sickly tang of garbage - and then roth was opening the passenger door with one hand , my entire weight on his shoulder , his arm across my thighs holding me in place .
he twisted in place to glance at my feet , which were still clad in the strappy sandals .
returning with full mugs , i resumed my place beside layla .
henri twisted in place , grabbed a dusty brown bottle from a shelf and two wine glasses .
i watched as she twisted in place , letting the hot water beat on her perfect skin till it was pink .
we separated once plans were in place with an agreement to meet at the same airfield at which we 'd landed , at dawn the following day .
the two mercenaries held the boat in place as the rest of us climbed in , and then we pushed off , the powerful outboard motor buzzing .
alexei shook his head and then twisted in place , gesturing with a thumb at sasha , who emerged from the house with matteo 's limp form over one shoulder .
he guided me to the center of the room and pivoted me in place so i faced a full - length mirror .
shane twisted in place and pressed my back against the wall , and now we were facing so he could watch the entrance with one eye .
everything was arranged so neatly in the cabinet that she took special care returning the items to their proper places .
a crown of glory like that is never out of place . ''
he saw when it clicked into place for her .
her plans were in place .
everything is in place for the plan to move forward in the new year .
at least he 'd placed that camera eye in the perfect place in ian 's room .
he folded her knees toward her shoulders and leaned down over her , using his body to fix her bent legs in place flush against her torso .
i was n't the least bit tired , but i still pulled the comforter over me , grabbing the book and thumbing back to my place .
` ` everything is in place .
i stood from my chair and motioned for olivia to take my place behind my desk .
a deep voice whispered , ` ` shhhh , '' and he took my hand to guide me from my place on the couch .
kane stood guard at his usual place at the end of the hall with one of his rare smiles on his face .
cash and kane sat in their usual places around cash 's desk when i walked in feeling like i was bouncing on air .
kane merely looked up at me from his place on the floor , which confused me even more .
nearly jumping up from her place next to me , she trotted off toward the shower as i watched her gorgeous ass as she walked away .
angel kneaded my leg and found a place to snuggle on my lap as gemma told me all about her new boyfriend and how happy they were .
i moved my hand from her soft cheek and walked away toward my place on the couch where all i wanted to do was drink enough to forget how much it hurt to tell her to go away .
everything was as it should be with everyone in their correct place .
with my bottoms finally in their rightful place , i relaxed and moved away from the wall slightly .
i opened the door and behind me from his place on the bed he said , ` ` nina , i ' m glad you came over . ''
they hung them on movable racks around the room and then took their places at the ends of one of the racks like fashion sentries .
he waved them into the room and they took their place in front of us like two giants eying their next victims .
as he took his place behind me , he leaned down to whisper , ` ` it 's a little difficult at first , is n't it ?
gage was next i needed round the clock security put in place before she got there .
i called the guys that had been sitting on her father 's house they 'd left the listening devices in place on my command .
either that or she really trusted me to have the necessary things in place to keep her from harm .
gage had a point but i 'd already put some stipulations in place .
i need to go make sure everything is in place . ''
elegant , priceless furniture populates the great room , organized around a huge fire place that stands against the far wall .
` ` now , '' john baxter says from his place at the head of the table , ` ` what 's this about you having access to the wraiths ? ''
` ` the fundamental rules that govern this country were put in place two hundred years ago .
miranda looked at the clock one more time , then gathered them all up , sliding her own reports into the correct place .
tossing the blocks into the plastic container , she shoved the whole thing back into its place on the shelf , safely out of tripping distance .
instantly , she knew that her car had n't been stolen and a shiny new one accidentally left in it 's place .
she returned the valentino to its place in the closet .
the foyer and living room were still in the same place , but everything else about them was changed .
resting half of my rigid length against her hot core , i let out an animalistic sound before my hand reached around her neck , arching her forward against my body while her bottom stayed in place .
unable to resist , i walked up to them in search of our place .
i melted against him , my body instantly understanding its place against his .
grabbed him by the balls and would n't let him go until he came , feeling some little thing inside him - another piece of the ` ` ian '' puzzle - click into place .
and with that , everything inside him settled back into its rightful , repressed place .
not touching everywhere , although there was no place for tierney to put his hand other than dalton 's waist , and their sock - clad feet got tangled together .
the five men were in their places on the stage around a rectangular table .
i was putting the mugs back in their place when i heard tristan 's ` ` g'night , all '' faintly reach the back of the house .
tristan leaned against the doorframe and wordlessly watched me put the mugs back in their place and rinse the coffee pot .
tristan took his place beside me on the big bed and stroked my side as i faced him .
` ` we ca n't make a move until everything is in place .
by the time i got home it was dinner time and mom was back in her place at the stove , throwing together a nice supper for dad and i. i gave them both a big hug and fled upstairs hoping that my devastating sadness was n't written all over my face .
i 'd already put the props back in their places for the sunday matinee and was tidying up the last bits and pieces when i felt him behind me .
i stand on my toes in front of the gates , trying to find a place where the vines part just enough to give me a view of the other side .
he comes over to the table and lays them out at the place to the left of his own : dinner plate , salad plate , cup and saucer .
i turn around , dart back to my room , and move the poker back into place .
` ` keep 'em naked and on their knees or back twenty - four / seven , and make sure they know their place , '' he 'd said .
everything that should ' ve been in place for something that monumental just was n't .
and then it clicked , as if i 'd just put the last piece of the puzzle into place .
my blood pressure spiked when the piece slipped into place .
stepping between my legs , one hand clutches my hip to keep me in place as his other hand settles on my neck .
brandy takes her place back at raymond 's chair , her hands on his shoulders .
everything seems in place , exactly as i recall it last time i was here .
she would ' ve scoped the building out , put a plan in place and gone over it again and again .
he lies in my place and pulls me close to him .
i open my legs and place one on either side of his hips , resting my arms on his shoulders .
i lift the bottle of bourbon from its resting place at the center console and pour myself a measure .
` ` nothing missing or out of place on my side . ''
he kissed her again while he slipped her bra back into place and as he adjusted her shirt and rebuttoned it .
it amazed her how quickly he released the bindings , since he had n't rushed getting them in place .
` ` you 'd better have a plan in place to capture me because i wo n't go easy . ''
as soon as her feet were in place and she raised her hips , he scooped her soft bu**ocks into his hands , pulling her into a forty - five - degree angle , leaving her no choice but to balance on her elbows .
cooking utensils , clothes , a few quirky knickknacks that looked wildly out of place amid ronin 's structured furniture and minimalist furnishings .
it seemed out of place given the class and sophistication of our surroundings .
i did n't even notice , until my eyes fell upon a familiar red shop front , and then it suddenly clicked into place .
i ran a hand through my hair , making sure everything was in place .
before i realised what was happening , his hands slipped under the pillow , and something cold and metallic clicked into place around my wrists .
there was a grinding sensation in my head , the feeling of a host of gears all suddenly clicking into place .
similarly , the door looked somehow out of place ; a giant slab of thick timber with a heavy iron lock .
when the cube was nearly melted down i let it sit in place and tipped the candle directly over it , sending a stream of icy water swirled with crimson heat flowing down her side .
two alpha security personnel followed ewan out of the car , but after a few seconds of hushed conversation , they stayed in place while ewan began to stride purposefully over the dust towards us .
i checked myself over , making sure nothing was grossly out of place .
my free hand found a place on his chest , contoured over the curve of his pectoral .
my eyes lighted on a square black velvet box , if only because it was solitary in its place on the counter .
blake reached up and replaced the second bracelet to its rightful place .
the clock was ticking on getting our newly funded plans in place , and i needed to make a decision .
he slipped the sparkling band over my knuckle and into place , pressing a kiss where it sat .
she left me alone then , and a minute later james took her place in the chair behind my desk .
trembling from head to toe , i finally found a place on his lap .
but i have the infrastructure in place to take your concept to the next level right away .
a small plate of fruit was set at my place at the island .
he found his place between my thighs and took what was his .
after all , the plug had been marking his place inside of me for the past several hours .
macie remade the bed and noticed nothing else was out of place .
seemed even weirder not to have a plan firmly in place about her future .
trevor slid into position on the couch , his c**k at the level of chassie 's mouth as edgard spun her into place .
gracie hopped on her usual place on cam 's atv and brock shook his head .
but he could only watch helplessly , concealed in his own hiding place , sweating pure fear , praying they got lucky and cleared the field without incident .
she scowled at jack in his usual place on the couch .
hayden looked up at him and shoved his glasses back in place on his nose .
i 'd hoped to have a firm plan in place first , but if i do n't , i 'll wing it .
then clean clothes are miraculously returned to their proper places .
she 'd put a couple of contingency plans in place on the off chance it 'd work in her favor .
when mary jane reached her happy place , ben left the scene .
for the next two shots , tell remained in the same place at the free throw line .
then he 'd hold the spoon just out of her reach and angle it , so the thick droplets never landed in the same place on her body twice .
tell left the spoon in place , rubbing the curve over the sensitive nub until the metal warmed from her body heat .
he made a place between her legs and hiked up her hips .
he slid her knees out , making a place for himself behind her .
by the time dalton crossed into crook county hours later , he had a plan in place .
he remained in place , watching as she parked , his pulse quickening when she climbed out .
carolyn reclaimed her place at the bar , giving carson her back , thankful there were n't mirrors so he could see her face .
` ` and before you even think about saying anything unpleasant about my mother , you need to be aware that she had sensible plans in place for paying back all that money .
` ` sure , of course ... '' ` ` rose ... '' i say , trying to get her to look at me , but she jumps up from her place on the couch and grabs her purse .
he took his place at the head of the table , but kept his eyes fast on his mate at the other end .
but to her surprise , he also was n't at his usual place in the bay window .
he nodded his head , indicating where nikolai should go , and when nikolai was in place , sergei released the maintenance man from inside his arm .
nothing was out of place , except for the bed 's covers .
he stared at the dainty items that looked so out of place among his belongings .
using his telekinesis , he moved the stove back into place .
` ` damien , keep a watch out for any more gallu until kish can get the mirrors in place . ''
sin held his brother 's arm in place before sin jerked the sword free .
she turned to deimos who was in the process of directing the chess pieces back into their starting places .
` ` for pain to be returned to its place , ` ` you must confront it to its face .
decorated in tans and browns the apartment was neatly kept with nothing out of place .
i reached up from my place on the ground and took his hand in mine .
after they were in place , she opened the sprite that she 'd left there and took a sip .
` ` you told me to , akri , '' simi said from her place on the floor before she yawned loudly .
all he needed was to have those gold bands back in place on his wrists and ankles and his tongue pierced .
the demons shot back to their places in the rafters , but not before they muttered a few choice insults for dev getting their hopes up .
she could hear the laughter of the human souls as they finally ascended to their rightful places .
the moment she did , he completely forgot about his need to put his foot in an uncomfortable place on maahes 's body .
but it was enough to put his armor in place and to set fire to it .
` ` he does n't fight , '' choo said from his place on the floor .
devyn shoved the box into place and moved out of the hold to stand in front of taryn .
we have a day and a half to get everything in place .
as she searched the chiseled crevices , she realized there was no place for anything to be hidden .
it was a heavy load they were carrying , but that was nothing new , since the league and others seemed to think they were above the very laws they 'd put into place .
except for one that looked really out of place .
but there was no place for him to sit except behind her .
there were a lot of kids who picked on him because he came to the academy with a training collar already in place .
with everything in place , he moved atop the ships as silent as the specter for which he 'd been named .
she put the toddler in his matching white - and - blue crib before she lifted the side into place .
she spied a dumpster and lifted her hand to telekinetically move it into place .
` ` free the nightstalkers that were not changed so they can return to their places in atlanta . ''
had she helped her da place this ward ?
the witch doctor would not come for him until she had a plan in place for payback , something storm had n't been concerned over until meeting evalle .
dressed again , storm took up his place next to evalle and crossed his arms , a silent sentry .
evalle had a hinky feeling that he 'd just set another part of a trap in place .
he had the invisibility potion and would have had a plan in place to get her off the island .
evalle stretched her neck to see if everyone was in place .
the girl steps back , mumbling her thanks , and reclaims her place against the wall .
her fingers sense the shock of energy surging into place beneath her skin , and she pulls her hand back as if she 's plugged her own fingers into a generator .
i ' m prepared to share , '' said magnus , taking his gold - embossed flask out from its specially designed place on his gold - embossed belt .
he wished he could feel satisfaction that he had a plan in place for this , but as he texted catarina under the table what he felt was a sense of enveloping gloom .
he was doing a slow pivot in place , his eyes focused on the rafters .
the room was completely in order , nothing at all out of place , not even the rug askew .
he had very small hands , simon noticed , so small that they looked a little out of place at the ends of his plump arms .
in answer she dropped the chain back over her head , feeling the ring settle in its accustomed place , below her collarbone .
magnus threw himself down in the seat at the head of the table ; the mugs banged into place as alec and izzy straightened up , done with their task .
she stepped back , yanked the antique flag from its mounting place on the wall , and slammed the end of it into the elapid 's open , gaping mouth .
` ` isabelle- '' it was alec , skidding into place beside her .
she flinched back , but she was pinned in place , jace standing over her , his feet braced on the couch .
said val from her place on the grass at his feet .
` ` speaking of fading ... '' raphael returned to his place by magnus 's side .
they were good ideas , but there were problems : i bet daedalus had defenses in place in case a luxen morphed into someone else , and how would we get to the other building to let out a bunch of miniature super - soldiers ?
it was close to seven in the evening when we arrived at the sprawling airport , and it looked like a curfew had been put into place , because there was hardly anyone anywhere .
i dropped my hand and started to move off his lap , but his hands moved to my hips , securing me in my place .
he was n't surprised by the simple , minimalistic design and how there did n't seem to be a pillow out of place on the couch or a single piece of anything on the floor .
ms . stick - up - her - ass probably never had a shoe out of place .
he 'd kept her busy the rest of the day sunday , not giving her much time to put whatever cockamamie plan in place , but he woke when she crept out of his bed at dawn , too early for her just to be getting ready for work .
nothing was broken or out of place , but i was n't surprised .
i 'd put a trophy back in its place and turned at the sound of mom 's voice .
but then my energy was renewed with the thrill of getting to put things in their places .
i did n't see her collapse to the ground , though ; the demon who now stood in her place had my full attention .
his arm quickly found its place around her shoulder , albeit stiffly .
the entire scene looked man - made , so perfect in design and so out of place , deep within this cave , that i half expected palm trees and ferns .
plucking it from the pages , he placed the book back in its rightful place , then walked over to me .
` ` sit , '' he ordered , pointing his spear behind me to a small tree stump two of the tribesmen rolled into place three feet away .
` ` and we ca n't have him doing that , '' sofie interrupted , taking her place beside me once again .
i ' m sorry i have n't been around more for you , '' amelie spoke out from her place beside julian .
as if on yo - yo strings , my organs snapped back to their rightful places .
i- '' my words died with a hard swallow as his hands found their place on my shoulders , pinning me against the wall .
` ` i thought they had a plan in place , '' i whispered to caden .
and yet we already seem to be at war , max grumbled from his place beside me .
setting his boxed pie on top of a newspaper stand beside us , his hands find their place on the back of my neck and my ass as he pulls me into his body , this time with a kiss that should be reserved for behind closed doors .
finally she finds her place , her lips slightly parted as they gently work against mine , each one of her ragged breaths like an intoxicating spell as they slip into my mouth alongside her tongue .
through the smoked - glass surface of my desktop , i watched her move into place , her tongue darting out to wet her lips .
roadies and groupies filtered around me , but i remained fixed in place as kline caressed and seduced a pale imitation of my incomparable wife .
her usually sassy asymmetrical haircut looked limp and overlong , and she was wearing a long - sleeved blouse and dark slacks that were out of place with the august mugginess .
i slid a copy of the marriage license into place beside it .
she gave a soft little moan and rolled toward me , her lush warm body wriggling into place against me .
i 'd felt something click into place between us so strongly that the change had been as tangible as the rings i wore on my fingers , and i cherished it as dearly .
he 's going to ruin everything i ' ve worked so hard to put in place .
cain 's hands have found their place around my hips , and he pulls them forward until they 're flush with his , until it 's impossible to miss his arousal against me .
yuri walked to the couch and took a stiff place at the very end of it , conscious that the tall one had gone to the mantel and was looking down at the fire .
he watched as it found a parking place , and as tommy shut the door , failing to lock it as always , and started his climb up the hill .
bricks being fitted into place , and mortar troweled over them .
she dashed to the chair before the desk , took up her place before the screen , and began typing again , just as if she 'd completely forgotten he was standing there .
all the soldiers fell into place behind him .
and having her firmly in place , her ankles clasped to his hip , he scolded her lovingly , and gave her several hard spanks with his left hand until he heard her crying .
perhaps he had taken his place against the bedpost .
but seldom was he able to find the slippers and bring them to the proper place before the queen had soundly paddled him .
and now another slave , a princess with yellow hair like her own , was forced into place , back arching down , bu**ocks high , chin mounted .
as i stared in disbelief my master forced me directly into place at the end of this line .
a phallus was shoved into place in my rear and this too secured by tethers running up to the belt in back , and through my legs to the belt in front , much more snugly , it seemed , than i had been fitted yesterday .
another thin strap ran down over my nose , bisecting yet a third , which went round my head directly at my mouth , fitting into place a short , immensely thick phallus that was forced through my lips before i could cry in protest .
` ` i need hard punishment , '' prince richard said , ` ` i need direct commands , to know my place without hesitation .
he adjusted her head , put a little hair in place , pinched her cheek .
and silver and gold jugs of wine were already set in place , and on the tables were trays of goblets .
and then i felt my c**k being bent back and straight up above my inverted body , and it was tied in place between my legs by leather thongs that went round my thighs , holding it firmly .
as i remained in place , the phallus was pushed inside me , and i felt the soft brush of the horse 's tail , and i swallowed , wishing i was bitted already so that my crying would be less noticeable and might not make gareth angry .
and tristan and i were ushered into place behind the first two pairs of steeds rather roughly .
i gathered her up and carried her out of the parlor and down the stairs to the courtyard , where her horse was waiting with its ornate sidesaddle already in place .
through them was the large candlelit drawing room ; vampires began to stream through the doors , taking their places in the seats before the ` ` stage . ''
i squatted and slid it into place .
after the wedding party - all four of us - had our pictures made together and separately , michele and jason took their places behind the meat table with aprons on over their wedding clothes , and they served ribs or sliced pork to the guests , who then descended on the tables full of vegetables and breads and desserts , all brought by the guests .
she released him and took a place beside him , her fingers linking with his .
she purred at the feel of the slick head of his c**k notching into place at the tiny slitted entrance of her pu**y .
he took his knife and cut a fallen treebranch into a y - shaped crutch while she sat beneath a sycamore tree and glared at him and glowered at him and scowled at him from her place on the ground .
it looked like a refugee from the tropics , utterly out of place in this green and ferny wood .
she put them in place early .
i 'll love that man until the day i die , but sometimes ... '' the ` ` barn '' was all metal and , from what she could see , brand - freaking - new , not a thing out of place .
from king 's cross , she jogged back toward her place in knightsbridge , her blood - soaked clothing cloaked in the night mist .
she pushed at him when he spread her legs wide once more , but he yanked her arms to her sides and clutched her wrists , capturing her in place .
if her eyes had gone wild at the sight of him scrounging through her bag , then seeing her laptop open and out of place made her sway on her feet .
omort had controls in place for the sisters .
` ` for now , we have something more important to discuss- '' hettiah , omort 's half sister and sabine 's arch - nemesis , arrived then , hastening up the dais steps to stand beside omort 's throne - her rightful place , since she was his concubine as well as his relation .
lothaire casually stood beside her place on her floor , drawing a knee up and resting his boot on the wall .
from her place on the floor it looked as attainandshy ; able as the moon .
barrier in place , he eased above her , settling between her legs .
but if one did breach the glass , then hydraulic bulkheads - barriers of six - foot - thick steel - would drop into place , sealing each of the three corridors .
one tiny stone , knocked out of place , would do it .
my breath left me in little white puffs as i dropped the egg - shaped red and white stone to the ground and nudged it into place .
the man had murdered his wife with a plan already in place to shift the blame .
i moved to the third candle , rolling it between my fingers before i wiggled it into place .
i stifled a shiver , trying to disguise it by wiggling the last candle into place .
i jumped when the city 's fire codes clicked into play , and the building - wide circle snapped into place to contain the fire .
the crowd became even louder , and as security came forward to keep them back , a bubble snapped into place over the stage .
i asked , looking at the jukebox , now totally out of place , like a british police call box on the deck of the titanic .
i 'd known that david and trent had been working together to both put laws into place to give me back my rights as a citizen and minimize the damage that me being me wrought , but this was new .
chris let three precious drops of blood fall into a small copper pot that had taken the soup 's place over the bunsen burner .
no , this guy was hapa , from his pre - turn army boots tied with hapa knots to the necklace of amber nuggets looking odd and out of place around his neck .
i finally got the box in place and scrambled up .
wayde ignored the stick , instead moving both the ten and the cue ball back to their original places .
ivy fell into place beside me , smiling falsely as she cheerfully said , ` ` relax , rachel .
` ` we have twenty minutes to get in place .
behind me came the snick of the lock being slid into place , and i slumped .
the corner of trent 's eye twitched , and he looked irate as tulpa trotted in place under him .
i had everything in place .
etude found a place , his wings closing the instant his feet lightly touched the ground .
` ` again , '' she said as she took up her place at the headboard , and this time , the bed moved when i steadied myself and lifted .
we did n't have anything to do until bis returned to tell us that landon and bancroft were in place , and i gave trent a glance .
my feet found a careful place in the rubble as i eased behind a file cabinet .
head up against the shouted questions , i fell into place behind edden .
stretching , i ignored them as i got up , tugged my nightgown in place , and looked at david smiling wolfishly at me .
ivy and nina with their new hats fell into place behind them , leaving jenks to fall back to us .
it had been knocked out of place , and though jenks had permanently taken up residence in the church walls , i knew it would be something he 'd want fixed .
chanting the phrase will draw it forth , and the soul should go to him and fix into place .
a jukebox , out of place and time , stood as the only indication that everything was a solid illusion .
` ` i ' m okay , '' i croaked , trembling as i waved bis off , and he landed on the back of ceri 's old chair , still in its accustomed place .
he returned to his place in the corner , folded his legs and waited .
axel landed beside him , wings snapping into place at his back .
jamila was exactly where he 'd left her , but now , sirena was also in place .
his jaw hurt so badly from trying to contain his screams he was certain he 'd popped the bones out of place .
well , he could , but ava would distract him , so he 'd forget to hold noelle in place , and then the agent ( in f**king training ) would attack him .
an image quickly clicked into place , and i frowned .
he claimed his place on the large blue mat in the center of the gym .
but his long , thick fingers were surprisingly gentle as they slid down my arms , and i remained in place , doing nothing .
i slid my dark sunglasses into place .
i slid into place beside luc , and michael settled behind the wheel .
she 'd remained in place as he 'd told her to .
that twitching became a full - fledged smile , though her head lolled to the side as if it were too heavy for her to hold in one place .
devyn has already chosen the path that set him on that course and the pieces have already fallen into place . ''
he remained in place , a target of those armed soldiers .
by the time he reclaimed his place at her side , those lights were bathing the scene with unforgiving purpose , chasing away every soothing shadow .
first one leg , then the other , and then her feet were in place , anchored on his shoulders , and her knees open , his gaze enraptured by the new center of his world .
not until we ' ve got precautions in place to counteract any ability he might have .
a couple hundred should do the trick , but though everything from the dishware to the canned food had a place , and a weird one at that - the brownies were next to the peas - he could n't find a single medicinal bottle .
i can have another stall in place within the hour . ''
his guards scrambled to him , trying to help him rather than ensuring the captives remained in place .
she bucked against koldo with so much force , several of her bones snapped out of place .
he returned his sword to its rightful place against his throne arm and motioned several other minions forward .
though every cell he possessed screamed to close the distance between them , he rocked back on his heels , staying in place , giving her time to come to grips with what would soon happen .
a puzzle piece just slid into place inside my magnificent brain .
had thane put the rule in place for her ?
but the berserker bailed the moment all the furniture was in place .
now it was just a matter of putting the vases , bowls and jewels in their appropriate places .
his fingers clenched the bar so tightly his knuckles nearly snapped out of place .
there was another blackened breeze , returning everything to its place so the entire process could repeat itself .
he remained in place for a long while , letting ashlyn pet his chest and reveling in the sensations .
not realizing the danger she was in , she remained in place , still peering over at him through the thick shield of her lashes .
william remained in place and flicked him a curious glance , then arched a dark , questioning brow at anya .
paris wondered if the dominoes had already been set in place for just such a reality and if only a small gust of wind was needed to begin the downpour .
danika rushed into the studio and lifted the second painting she 'd done from its place against the wall .
unsure of what to do , bianka strode around her blond ; he remained in place , even when she was at his back , as if he had nothing to fear from her .
chapter seventeen geryon remained in place , looking away from her .
he remained in place , the screams in his head no longer for his bodily pain .
he remained in place , hovering over her , and smoothed a hand through her hair .
the position she 'd placed him in ... the things he would have to do ... to her , to olivia ... his nails elongated and bit into his palm , and the metal whined , arcing out of place .
would n't have been so bad , except the two men she 'd fel ed suddenly rose , jerked the weapons from their bodies and took their places in the circle , far angrier than they 'd been before .
strider took a menacing step toward her , then froze in place .
but if anyone could find juliette 's hiding place for the paring rod , it was him .
he hefted her back up , forcing her to remain in place .
white wings threaded in gold lifted , shook and returned to their place of rest against zacharel 's back .
when his other leg was in place , paris counted down .
with every step she took , the portraits rearranged themselves , gliding over the wall , changing places with fluid grace .
cronus added , ` ` before you think that my faithless wife had the right idea when she conspired to lock me away , before you think to put in place any plot that would result in finding a way for my wife alone to reign- '' his voice went low , harsh ` ` -know that if rhea rules , your sister 's killer will control the fate of your world . ''
lazarus nodded to a place behind her .
different parts of the circus were appearing , everything in its place , nothing so much as an inch off .
as he tugged and jerked , one of his kneecaps popped out of place , but that did n't stop him either .
` ` give me that , '' she said , snatching the purse away and returning it to its rightful place .
too casual for the girl he 'd come to know , the white canvas somehow out of place when paired with the bright colors of the rest of her clothing .
my men are already in place . ''
because when one puzzle piece slid into place , there were always twenty more needed .
his nose was so far out of place , the left side rested against his cheek .
for a long while , he remained in place , a few feet away , panting , studying her .
his leg is so long that he finds a place for his foot easily and guides his body between the bars .
all at once , the abnegation rise from their places under tables and benches , and start toward the door .
once the door closes behind me , i hear a thud like a dead bolt shifting into place .
i step aside so he can take my place in the chair .
the right guard is already in place , so all i have to do is run it through my hair , bending my ears down to protect them from the blade , turning my head to check the back of my neck for places i might have missed .
the heaviness is gone from my chest , and this ever - evolving tension between us has settled back into its place .
and by the tortured tone of her voice when she 'd talked with her father over the phone , the way she 'd been hurt by her sister , ryker was pretty sure this ` ` no strings '' rule she 'd put into place was out of protection , not preference .
she tugged the one corner into place , then started for the last , without any freaking idea what she 'd do if he did n't make a move by the time she had the sheet on .
he wrapped one arm around her shoulder , yanked his jeans into place with the other , and started toward a side door .
the two women in matching athletic gear - and okay , matching ponytails - bounded forward and took their places on the beach next to the other couples .
i already had my strategy in place : lose .
my knees went weak , and i had to clutch the small wooden plate i stood on to stay in place .
everything was still in its proper place , and i still felt like me .
he pushed open the heavy oak door and found antonio in his usual place behind his dimly lit desk , dark eyes buried in the thick leather bound text .
helena 's mind began sliding the pieces into place .
he laid her down on the soft velvet comforter before taking his place beside her .
she glanced at viktor , who sat in his usual place next to the bed .
she gasped as her brain moved the last piece into place .
his deep smile lines faded back into his cheeks as he smoothed his hand over his raven black hair , not that anything was out of place .
everything tidy and in its place .
he chuckled and handed me a pile of books to hold as he carefully put them in their proper places .
rachel replied , sitting me down in a chair and taking her place beside me .
but if you are set against returning to grayson , i think we need to put some things into place to ensure you wo n't relapse .
` ` do n't keep me waiting like that , '' nicholas rebuked from his place under the covers .
i mean , dad will handle this better if we have a plan in place and he sees we know what we 're doing . ''
i lifted melanie and laid her in their place .
reaching to take the ring and kissing my palm , he turned my hand in his and slid the ring to its rightful place .
mr . amado walks over and takes a place in front of neal 's desk , tapping the corner when his boy friday fails to look up .
finally , i take a place next to him , wrapping my arms around my knees even though it 's far from chilly .
after beeping off , she tosses the phone on her bed , where it bounces a few times before coming to a plush resting place between grover and a nameless stuffed penguin .
i set about to help her , worked through the kitchen to put away anything that appeared out of place , and wiped down the mess blake had spilled on the counter before he 'd rushed out to meet grace .
i sidestepped around him and crossed the room , moved some papers around to make a place for him to sit down on my bed / couch .
i valued it more than i ever believed i could , though remained reserved , fortified behind the barriers i knew instinctively to put into place , an intuitive command to guard my heart and guard it well .
the trees that had once housed our fairy tales now seemed out of place , tall and full in the backdrop of this barren desert .
she grinned up at me from her resting place on the table .
did he think of me when he left my room to take his place on the couch while i lay on my bed , wishing he were sharing it with me instead ?
pieces of splintered , broken wood were spread out around him , dragged out from where i 'd stacked them in the corner after he 'd torn all the beauty he created from its rightful place .
he had n't expected this encouragement , and it left him confused as he watched her take her place in the backseat of the town car .
scott handed me the smal bundle of purple , pink , and white flowers , which i thanked him for and took to the kitchen to place in a vase of water .
she nodded and whimpered a little as i took the simple platinum solitaire from its box and slid it onto her finger and to its rightful place - six years late and bittersweet - but sweet nonetheless .
everything for the concert was falling in to place , while for me , everything was falling apart .
i tucked my cold , shaking hands into my elbows , and david walked away - back to his place beside the black car .
out of the corner of my eye , i saw david look over at me for a second , but as the numbers on the page started to shift into place in my brain , i fazed him , sam , and vicki out , and concentrated on my homework - taking a sideways glance every now and then to see david look up at the same time .
the patters of rain stopped completely then and the beads of water glistening in david 's hair and over his lashes looked almost out of place .
the ring slid perfectly into place on my finger - fitting like the way mike fit me , like we were made to go together .
the hourglass had rocked and the balance tipped in reverse , but everything was back in place and , today , i began a new journey with the man i was supposed to be with .
` ` they just looked a little out of place . ''
when he stood , i noticed the grey cloak he wore , very out of place among the modern suits and sequined dresses .
he slowly rolled me back in his arm , tipping me toward the ground ; my hair swept the rug where it hung down , the blossom falling from its place , landing alone on the floor by our feet .
i peered in through the glass screen covering the next iron door , and there , across the room , in a square of sunlight over the floorboards , sat a little boy , pressing a sail into place on a wooden boat .
the bedcovers were still ruffled , once slept in , and right between the window and the fireplace , an old chair sat proudly , a book still open in place on the seat .
and drake will just put another spy in place to watch over you . ''
i look around at where the money landed , kick it all together into one place , and bend over to pick it up .
then she starts sobbing , which is out of place .
i was supposed to have time to strategize , to put a whole emergency plan in place before i was faced with this momentous occasion .
kayla opens the door just as i ' m nudging a cookie into place .
she peeled off the dollar bills and then took her place waiting by the counter .
i ca n't concentrate when things are out of place .
lowell swings around from his place at the front table and fixes his stare on me .
already late , alice had stuffed it into her bag with a handful of other post ; now the box 's luxurious contents sat in the middle of her antique desk , utterly out of place surrounded by ordered stacks of contracts and her mug of chamomile tea .
alice obeyed , respectfully leaving the row of half - burned candles in place as she went to lay out her neat row of simple skin - care products in the bathroom .
she wanted to just flee , but caution forced her to carefully place the photos back in the approximate order she 'd found them , adding the other folders and magazines and sliding the box into place .
she was bent double , sliding the key back into place , when alice heard an imperious voice behind her ask , ` ` what are you doing ? ''
alice tried to move past the woman , but she stayed firmly in place .
keeping everything in place here , after mum left .
i could see his mercedes parked just to the left of where our front garden ended - even in a relatively well - off neighborhood , it looked out of place .
just as edmund and his colleague had settled into place against the empty desk that clung to the wall , mr . sylaeia strode in , laptop bag over his shoulder , grinning from ear to ear .
casting a quick spell that sent the metal caps flying , he resumed his place on the other sofa .
i did n't see anything out of place .
shaking his head , zane spun slowly in place , presenting ty with his back .
stopping in place , zane boggled at the pillow .
everything was ordered and in its place , insofar as order went amidst the chaos of their files .
henninger turned and half - rose when the door opened , tensing , and then relaxed slightly when he saw zane , who stopped in place , eyes narrowed .
` ` i wanted to go to cabo , '' deuce muttered from his place on the ground .
` ` don '' t look at me , '' zane said as he shifted in place , still up on the bed .
` ` i know , '' ty murmured as he turned in place and nuzzled against zane '' s neck .
the thug began to walk around the sofa , bringing him alarmingly close to ty '' s hiding place .
although if ty stayed in place for more than a minute , zane could get his hands on him ... . zane growled and ducked his head back under the water , reaching to turn down the water temperature before grabbing his bottle of body wash . his ability to keep the lust in check while at work was usually better than this .
and michelle clancy had taken one look at his finger that morning , grabbed his hand , and yanked the offending digit into place before he could scream for help .
he d lost his place in line .
zane stayed in place at the foot of the stairs , hands in his pockets .
i found out before they got everything in place .
zane sat against the edge of ty 's desk , in the same place alston had occupied .
ty smiled as he looked over his grandpa , sitting in his rocker , shovel in place over his lap .
` ` does n't look too good , '' he said , lowering the bag back into place over the injury .
mark chose three oranges from the bowl , picked up the firearm , and moved into place .
there were no signs of a struggle in the kitchen , nothing out of place or messy .
it looks grecian , fairytale - like , and most certainly out of place for almost any reality .
this is the part where i probably should have an exit plan in place .
downstairs , i try to put the furniture back in place , ignoring the fact that vital pieces are missing , like sofa cushions and a leg from the coffee table .
it looks like all of the pieces are falling into place for my least favorite fem .
she ceases all movement abruptly , scowling when she loses her place .
ezrina returns with a wet suit , and we struggle to get it in place .
chloe mentioned in her diary that she set in place one perfect bff .
` ` his place , the last two bliss - filled days , everything , and yes - holt edwards was the prime suspect . ''
the chords were all in their correct places , and i bent even further in order to follow the electricity line .
the man locked adrian 's chain in place before moving over to do mine .
i looked around and found nothing out of place except for a new jacket added to the pile of clothes in the room .
seth 's head snaps up and he eyes me warily , but thor hops up from his napping place at seth 's feet and greets me energetically , dancing around my legs , his pink tongue hanging out of his mouth .
` ` i want a legal document in place stating that he ca n't come near you . ''
we sit back in our places and continue eating .
the front row is reserved for our parents , and i made sure to have the resort place lilies and sunflowers on two of the chairs in honor of natalie 's parents .
` ` she 's getting big already , '' nate comments and seasons two steaks to place under the broiler .
we ran in a circle , so my place is n't far .
he pulls me behind him as the band resumes their place on stage to finish out their set .
i wrap my arms around his neck and bury my face in my place in his neck , holding on tightly .
the servers take their place to each of our left , and then in perfect synchronization , lower our plates before us .
all of the details are in place for all three parties . ''
i pull my notes up on my ipad and read through them while dom orders his coffee and returns to me , carrying two cups , and places one next to me .
it might not seem out of place , if not for the fact that there are two more across the room , and they are anything but plain .
the hammer hits the ring finger on nastya 's left hand which had been splayed flat against the table with her thumb bracketing the wood in place .
she moves now to look down at her hand but she keeps it in place , staring at it .
he made sure there was no place for me to sit on the counter so i 'd be forced to notice it .
he used his magic to flip her book out of her hands , levitated the bookmark sitting on the table , slapped it in her place in the book and then the book flew across the room and set itself down well away from her .
now , not just nathaniel , but they all had work to do to win lily back , win her trust and bring her back to her rightful place .
he slid into bed carefully and pulled away the pillow , righting it behind his head and positioning his body in its place .
danielle asked snottily from her place down the hall , luckily far down the hall from where lily , laura and maxine were sitting .
tash called and ran forward from her place beside fazire who was standing behind and to the right of lily , shadowed , hidden but always at his lily 's side .
sonia resumed her place in bed with her tray and she stared at the black patties .
with a hand in the wall of his frozen chest , she pushed away and resumed her place on her belly with her head turned from him .
his thumb holding his place , he dropped the book to his side .
once he got her in place , it was frankie who snaked her arm around his gut .
i tipped my head from its place on his chest to glare at him .
ben stood on the step beside the gazebo opening , manny took his place on the grass by him , colt next , and they barely got there before cheryl started walking down the white runner that led down the aisle .
and since he did , if he saw a photo of his family that his mother put on one of the walls in their pizzeria , he took it down and set it on his desk so it was in a place where he could see it .
i knew this when he knifed to sitting , taking me with him , but his arms locked around me , keeping me in place .
` ` angel , shut it , '' mike ordered from his place standing inside the door and it was good he did n't enter further because her head whipped his direction and even most a room away he could feel the heat from her narrowed gaze .
* two seconds after that , mandy haines looked at her daddy from her place standing in front of her sissy reesee 's pretty best friend , she opened her mouth and yelled , ` ` daddy !
he resumed his place opposite them at the island and tossed the picture down in front of them .
` ` do me a favor and do it down here , '' layne replied , tripp 's eyes went in the direction of the stairs he could n't see from his place in the kitchen then they came back to his old man , he grinned then he nodded .
from his place on the floor , tripp looked at his old man over the back of the couch and devin did it from his place on the couch .
from his place on the floor , tripp looked at his old man over the back of the couch and devin did it from his place on the couch .
layne chuckled and took his place at the fence .
if you take care of you then the rest will slot into place for those girls .
she seemed locked in place even as joe moved toward the kitchen , her eyes stayed glued to where he was when he kissed keira .
i resumed my place at the counter about the same time my eyes hit hers , not together enough to remind myself that i usually kept myself to myself , even sometimes with friends , and i shared , ` ` colt 's decided i ' m moving in with him , i think he still loves me , he told me he missed me , the feds have offered us protective custody and it 's my decision if we go away while this all goes down . ''
this was whispered to me from amond who 'd leaned into me from his place at my side at the big rectangular table we were all sitting around in the function room at the eaves .
i gave him his , set mine at my place and put the honey on the table .
he stayed planted deep for a long time , his hands cupping me in two places , my hands covering his and my breath evened out as i listened to his do the same .
i stared at the flaps as they swung back in place behind her .
i scuttled back and she stopped when she took my place , sitting ass to calves , knees an inch from his hip .
the iron crosses outside the windows were in place , they had not been tampered with and lahn knew even his small circe could not force herself through the space that a small child could not get through .
zahnin took his place inside the front doors .
she turned and the bird hopped up to her shoulder and somehow kept its place as she danced on her toes back to the bed with more grace than any human i 'd ever seen .
then he turned , went to the mouth of the space , unhooked something i had n't noticed before and then another heavy , wide hide fell into place behind him , covering the opening to the space and closing me in as i heard his muted boots hit the loose stone outside indicating he was walking away .
i extended a finger to the tiny bird , he hopped on then i lifted my arm as he hopped up it and took his usual place on my shoulder .
chapter thirty the plan is in place ` ` oh my goodness , '' elan breathed .
` ` odd , '' aurora murmured as she rose from her place on the couch and headed to a velvet cord hanging in the corner .
` ` right , then , as you ' ve explained that , it 's clear you had this plan in place , a plan you did not share , when we already had a plan in place . ''
` ` right , then , as you ' ve explained that , it 's clear you had this plan in place , a plan you did not share , when we already had a plan in place . ''
he stared at it from his place several feet away and it felt like the image depicted was burning itself in his brain .
her cat 's head came up and he gave an enquiring meow but kept his place .
on the way there she caught alistair staring daggers at her from his place behind the couch .
firm ( she told herself even though she did n't believe herself ) in her resolve she watched cash place the bloodied towel in the bowl , he wrapped her arm in a clean , dry towel and when he was done his eyes came to her .
angus had already spoken with fenella and cassandra and everything was in place .
` ` well , this is going to make eternity interesting , '' ben remarked drolly from his place at vivianna 's side .
the trip , selling my house , car ... the last week has been day after day of going away parties , meals out with friends , finding a place for every last hair pin .
everything was put in place , properly ( even obsessively ) hung or folded and julia noted , a bit stunned , ironed .
when he was certain that all plans were in place and nothing had been left to chance , he let his mind turn to sommersgate and what awaited him there .
everything was in place ; there was not a nuance he had n't considered .
then it returned to its place around his waist as her weight settled into him and he knew she was again sleeping .
scarlett twitched the coverlet into place , rounded the bed , took sibyl in her arms and gave her a fierce hug .
and everything since clicked into place , piece by piece .
` ` i ' ve already done it , '' tina murmured from her new place beside sibyl .
` ` i think ... '' she started to say and then stopped , finding her place .
sally shrieked from her place on the stool at the counter , tea towels already wrapped around her .
` ` annie , there 's not going to be a tidal wave , '' isabella replied sedately , watching from her place lounging fully dressed and completely done up on her friend 's bed as the stylists fashioned annie 's hair .
nothing untidy , nothing out of place , her jars and bottles arranged just so on the nightstand .
sally stared up from her place in front of bella , her little arms still wrapped around bella 's legs .
she glanced over her shoulder from her place at the sink , her gaze hesitant and she said gently , ` ` yes , sweetheart . ''
however , the bed was unmade , their discarded towels from that morning and clothes from last night littered the floor and he could see from his place in the bed that she 'd left the container of whatever she used on her hair uncapped and sitting on the sink beside her comb , which she also did n't put away .
on that thought , she heard the jangle of dog tags and saw baron sit up from his place on the floor at her side of the bed .
he put down the silver service and took her cup from her place , lifted it to his lips and took a sip .
seconds later , jack settled behind her , drawing her body immediately into his as she heard the dogs move around and then finally find their resting places .
jack had a book he was not reading in his hand which he held against his thigh , his thumb holding his place .
his arms resumed their place around her , her torso twisted , she wound her arms around jack , placed her cheek to his chest , her lower body curled between his legs and belle lay in the protective shell of his large frame .
myrtle screeched as , powerless , they were pulled from their hiding place and they materialised in the eastern turret , lewis standing strong , his arms wrapped tight around his quivering little sister .
she scooted forward on her knees toward him , he held his place and she settled again .
` ` hold steady , lad , '' angus encouraged from his place at the foot of the bed , his eyes on miles , he , like lorna and lachlan , all held a whip in their hands .
lee 's hands settled on the skin at my hips , just above my panties , as the t - shirt dropped into place , its hem came to rest on his hands .
smithie was at his usual place behind the bar .
she grinned , grabbed some confetti and took her place in the circle .
i asked , not knowing anything about alarm systems and surveil ance equipment but this seemed a pretty extensive set up to put in place in two days .
` ` you better cal mace , get him to set up the security detail , '' hugo said from his place leaning against the kitchen ledge .
he 'd even walked up to her father 's office door and seen her place a file in the drawer where she put information for him .
after , when i came back , i saw that ralphie had affected a seating jumble which meant buddy was in the armchair where i 'd been sitting and the only place for me to settle was between ralphie and hector on the couch .
it was after work , i was in my bedroom on the landline not delaying a minute in putting my newly formed plans in place .
the bile disappeared but my heart slid up in its place and lodged in my throat .
i was sipping at my coffee when ren pushed away from his place , dumped his plate in the sink and moved in front of me .
one of the women called from her place at the coffee counter , but her eyes were scanning the space .
* * * * * ` ` tex and brian are already in place , '' lee said to me .
ren asked , and i looked from my place in the passenger seat to him behind the wheel of his jag .
i did n't move from my place at the window as he walked in , eyes on me , and stopped in the doorway .
though she could not see clearly from her place behind the pillar .
with an almost imperceptible movement , she slipped her left hand from its place and drew off her glove .
anthony crooned from his place on the settee .
bridget pushed tessa 's hands away from her hair and rose from her place at the vanity table .
bridget scanned the room for the viscount , eventually locating him in her customary hiding place behind the potted plants .
all three men watched as the lady in question appeared to be frozen , nay , paralyzed in her place .
and my clothes probably looked out of place considering i 'd thrown on something normal .
i was excited , so excited to put my plan into place .
both guys left a few hours later , after going over more of the plans they were going to put into place around campus , and by the time they left , i was exhausted .
taylor did a circle in place .
` ` just get in your places like we practiced last night . ''
ash got up from his place on the floor , dusted off his body , then took a few steps away from dominique , just in case the man had another sudden change in heart and felt the need to impale him in the chest .
when he was finished , he cradled her in his arms and tucked her into the bed , taking his place beside her .
luca 's brows furrowed as he held up his hand for nixon to stay in place .
` ` my ass , '' tex said from the corner , grinning like an idiot as he took chase 's place and pulled out a switchblade .
her head turned so fast i was afraid she was going to throw her neck out of place .
tentatively she opened her eyes to see - the car , still rocking back and forth in its new place next to the ditch .
from his place next to nadia , jeremy prasad muttered , ` ` she thinks she can get her dignity back if she shouts enough . ''
from her place on the floor , nadia whispered , ` ` you should n't have kissed me . ''
elizabeth rose lazily from her place on the floor .
he took his place on the bed with them , on the other side of verlaine .
asa raised an eyebrow as he glanced at faye walsh next to them , paused in place as she attempted to crouch and take cover behind her seat .
then theo rises from his place at the foot of my bed .
he takes his place at the front of the room , papers spilling out of his case .
a couple hundred eggs glint and shine from their places on the long shelves that line the walls .
from his place at the flaps of the tent , paul looks intrigued despite himself .
i realize i ' ve been standing in place with my tray for a few minutes now .
the antique ebony and mother - of - pearl chinese screen was in the same place as when i left .
there was n't a single flower out of place , or even a stray branch on the ground , and our house was just the same .
` ` if we can find out where he lives- '' i took noah 's former place and leaned against my desk .
nothing was out of place when i woke up .
i blinked slowly as a key fit into place .
nothing was out of place , except a stray piece of paper at the bottom .
jamie turned back to the boys , who were frozen in place , presumably because jamie had told them to stop .
not a single piece of his hair was out of place .
i crept out of the rickety metal door , trying not to let my father know about my hiding place , and snuck around the side to peek through a slit between boards in the big wooden privacy fence that separated our backyards .
his brows jerked together as he took a swift inventory of the kitchen , noting everything was in pristine place , not so much as a coffee mug left in the sink .
he should appear ludicrously out of place in the shabby room with his expensive clothes and the candlelight shimmering in the golden strands of his long hair .
he appeared out of place among the bleak rock .
after filling her plate , she took her place at the table and prepared to enjoy the delicious dinner .
hess was just as quick as he took his place behind the wheel and turned over the engine .
` ` and the fairies are in place ? ''
jagr waited until she was settled on the worn leather seat before closing the door and rounding the front of the truck to take his place behind the wheel .
these curs are starting to wear on my temper , '' the towering aztec muttered as jagr finished his report , appearing distinctly out of place among the polished mahogany furniture and delicate persian carpet .
` ` come closer and i 'll show you the proper place of my foot , '' she promised sweetly .
settling her in the seat , caine moved to take his place behind the wheel .
` ` get the curs in place and i 'll join you in a few minutes . ''
still styx remained at the edge of the road , forcing himself to wait until his soldiers were in place .
levet felt abby place a hand on his wing , the warmth of the goddess surrounding him .
the three of us stand there and i can feel the pieces falling into place , practically hear the click click as they align like gears on a watch .
i 'll call you when everything is in place , ok ? ''
the final piece of the puzzle was in place .
from his place on the wall , liam gave me a glare .
i asked liam as he stood on the stage , waving his arms at the set people and directing them to various places .
my credits are in place and my storyline on ranger will get extended .
it 'll be ok . '' i rubbed my arms for warmth and then stepped back , as arianna took her place over the fire .
` ` liam , '' porsche growled , from her place on the desk .
i was grateful to slip into the familiar theater , at school , and clamored on the stage where i knew my place .
she studied me as though trying to figure out if i had some sort of angle , but she eventually took her place at the stand , straightened to her full height , and began to address the issue at hand .
i inwardly groaned , because it seemed she was about to once again gripe over some crazy edict my brother forcibly put into place .
i was already unloading the dishwasher and putting the dishes in their proper places when i felt ben 's hands hold my waist .
` ` i 'll need to put your shoulder in place before healing you . ''
she shut the book and gently tossed it back to its place at the coffee table .
i looked to see who it was and found derek pressed against her , keeping her in place .
she sighed as she set her long dark hair in its proper place .
i grabbed her hand before looking at eli , who was still in his place at the stand .
xavier rose to his feet , taking a place at the stand .
` ` actually , sofia , '' i spoke up , desperate to keep my voice steady and confident , as i stepped out of the curtains and took my place beside borys ' throne , ` ` you really are his betrothed . ''
if you ask me , what you should do with her is place a white gown on her and offer her up to the man she belongs to . ''
i sat up and took my place on the edge of the bed , trying not to cry as i pulled my dress back on .
from the look in his eyes , i had no doubt in my mind that i would see hearts ripped out of their rightful place that day .
they were going to drag her into prison before returning her neck into place .
she seemed grateful as she took her place on the mat .
` ` the same spell you asked cora to place on you .
we arranged a meeting with the elite council and things were immediately put in place .
within minutes after the first explosion , she 'd been pointing at people , barking out orders , putting protocol into place .
not having time to lock the box properly , i simply closed the lid and shoved it back into its place .
everything seemed to be in its proper place and i did n't note any signs of a struggle .
she flicked a strand of long dark - blonde hair away from her face , and after glaring at me for several moments , she resumed her place behind the cart and continued toward the exit .
signing , i stand from my place on the sofa .
both taking our places on the sofa once more , i lean back into the soft cushion .
removing his teeth from my shoulder , he rests his forehead in their place .
dave takes his place between us , and nikki and i thread our arms through his elbows , then in we go .
taking our place in line to the ballroom , we wait and look around until i hear a female clear her throat by my side .
from my place on the vanity , i look up from my book and peer over at xavier with raised brows .
slowly , i move down from my place and walk over to him with small steps .
i take a moment to look around my room from my place on my cot .
night fury , are you in place ? ''
before she knew it , ford had hauled her up his body , then shifted them so that she was lying in his place on the bed and he was levered over her .
watching him with her family felt like putting the final puzzle piece into place .
a moment later , he was pulling brooke 's dress all the way back up and sliding the straps into place on her shoulders .
watching noah slide one of her skis into place on her ski boot , she said , ` ` you look like you ' ve done that before .
she picked up her skis and slid them back into place on her boots .
he 'd searched every corner for dust , had prayed for so much as a pillow to be out of place , but he had n't been able to find one single thing to complain about .
with trembling hands , she snapped her seatbelt into place , at which point grayson pushed the gas pedal down hard enough that gravel sprayed out from his tires .
somehow , just barely , grayson kept his own tears from falling as lori stepped back and he shoveled the dirt into place .
the huge one , '' he said , pointing at the great dane , ` ` and the little one- '' he popped a section of the yorkie 's shoulder into place .
he slid another piece into place without even really seeing the picture before him .
and then the lights were dimming and smith and tatiana were taking their places on set on the bed beside each other as the cameras started to roll .
she slid onto one of the only two open bar stools as ryan took his place on the mound .
atlas immediately took his place on the big dog bed in the corner and closed his eyes to take his morning nap .
` ` i checked over the bar setup earlier and it looks like everything is in place . ''
fortunately , she did n't need her eyes to be open to shift into place over gabe 's erection , which was the only possible thing she could wrap her brain around at present .
the hotel was almost perfectly silent in the early morning , but she swore she could hear the clinking of the prison bars , one after the other , settling into place around her heart , first , and then her body .
her legs were unsteady and he held onto her hips , moving her small but curvy frame into just the right place .
her hips moved into place over his and she was so close - oh god , just one more inch and he 'd be pressing against her , into her - when his hands moved to her hips and held her still .
that 's why , instead of waiting for him to lift her other arm up , she made herself put it into place for him .
and devlin sat in silence and chester snored , the three worked together to unload the stallion and return the tack and supplies to their proper places .
her stepbrother tugged his tuxedo jacket in place with hands that shook .
by crazy luck , she found an open , metered parking spot just across from the lobby entrance - except it took her two tries to get the car in place , her parallel - parking skills rusty from her using too many garages since she 'd moved back to caldwell .
but on the little table next to where he slept , a brand - new radio with fake wood trim and a silver dial sat pristine and out of place .
he 'd just wanted to see if he could get rid of the old man , like the effort was a science project : he 'd made the plan , gotten the pieces into place , and then woken up that morning and decided to set the first domino falling at school .
the removal he 'd felt in his younger self slipped back into place over the center of his chest , as if the memory had recalibrated his internal hard wiring , tightening him up like a car that had had alignment problems : as he regarded the woman across from him , it was from a vital distance , a chilly objectivity putting space between them even though their chairs were no farther apart .
getting out , mels crossed over the pale green lawn , the young grass springing back into place and covering her tracks .
moving quickly , they dealt with the particulars , getting the second of her friend 's condoms into place .
as she settled into place over his hips , she planted her palms on his shoulders and started riding him , his arousal going in and out of her , turning up the heat again .
all the sunlight streaming in through the window was heating up the wood , making it clear why the woman liked that place at the table .
as they approached the f-150 , he wanted to help her with her door , but she got there first and took care of herself , shutting things up , yanking her seat belt into place .
when she got to her hq , she went down to the lower floor and breathed out a sigh of relief to find everything in its place again .
the thing did not return to its former place , however , getting bogged down in the archangel 's blood , the doorway , such as it was , remaining open so that he could still see his ` ` boss . ''
it was not a surprise that everything had its place , all the towels hanging precisely on the rail of the sliding shower door , the single toothbrush standing up straight in its holder , no brushes or makeup cluttering the counter around the sink .
the room was also trashed , lamps knocked over , tables overturned , sofas out of place .
snapping back to attention , jim found devina frozen in place , clearly caught between a jealous urge to rip sissy limb from limb and a serious sense of self - preservation .
his lips found hers and it was the most natural thing in the world to split her legs so he could find his place between her thighs .
with quick efficiency , she pulled her loose clothing into place as if her size made her feel self - conscious and the wardrobe was her way of covering things up .
closing the volume up , she returned it to its place on the mantel .
the night had been a ballbuster from the moment the sun had gone down , and the good news was that the sorry mess was finally over : shutters were in place to keep out the sun .
there was some other movement at that point , and then he felt himself get repositioned against pillows that had been returned to their rightful place .
assail flashed forward , finding a hiding place in and among the plantings at the side of the house .
saxton resettled his jacket on his shoulders , pulled his cuffs into place , and then lifted his hand in a wave , striding out without any sign of complication or strain on his face .
sola pivoted in place .
everything was fine : the grain of the black leather , the burled walnut trim , the partition that had been raised into place all exactly as they should appear .
the shutters were going down for the day , the panels locking into place at the sills .
taking his place at the head of the thirty - foot - long table , he waited for everyone to arrive .
she held the thing out for him like she was the man , guiding the fine wool into place on his back , then turning him around and smoothing the lapels .
doc jane slid the blood pressure cuff into place and the thing made little puffing noises as it was inflated , the squeeze on her biceps making her think about all the invasive stuff that was going to happen to her if she was , in fact , knocked up .
as the plastic sheeting fell back into place behind the king , the workmen were speechless .
like the rest of the house , everything had its place .
` ` broken in two places .
a second magnacraft pulled up beside them , and more sword - wielding ninjas got out , taking up places behind her .
but if the admiral finally wanted to see her , maybe that meant things were moving and she could start putting her plan in place .
when everything was in place , she grinned at the holomonitor .
jayla took her place in front of a console in the comm room in parade rest , but every line of her body sung with tension .
she wheels herself over to my place at the stove and i ' m suddenly aware that this kitchen has been designed around ceecee and her chair .
shaking my head in frustration , i take the three full containers of muffins and place one in my freezer .
i quell down my excitement and singsong , ` ` i managed to get ceecee a place in a wheelchair basketball game . ''
daric alternated , torturing her with her need , while she stayed helplessly in place , his to command .
regan took up her usual place on the floor beside his bed for her vigil , closing her eyes briefly to gear herself up for a tense few hours .
i launched myself toward daxton , but the cuff bit into my skin and nearly wrenched my shoulder out of place .
i explored the suite under the guise of making sure ev- erything was in place , and once i was done , i collapsed on the sofa and ran my hand over the fur .
using one of the sturdy bookcases , i climbed to the ceiling and knocked the cover out of place .
before daxton died , there had to be a plan in place to stop her .
i scrambled onto his desk , knocked the grate out of place , and tried to climb into the air vent .
` ` hi , i'm- '' ` ` -kate winters , '' interrupted james , falling into place next to me .
the thrones returned , circling the spot where ava 's reflection had stood only moments before , and we each settled into our proper place .
it was also incredibly out of place next to the italian suits .
isobel walked up the three gazebo steps to her place in front of the priest .
setting her father 's picture back in its place , she grabbed her purse and flung her jacket over her shoulder .
reluctant to let wallace see her fall apart , she took her usual place by the window and stared out at the street .
a man 's muscular chest provided a resting place for her head ; one arm supported her back , the other her knees .
footsteps crunched through the snow with greater purpose and a hand grabbed her arm , pulling her out of her hiding place .
with a slight nod , he moved back to his customary place .
ted watched him select a cue stick now that he had the balls in place .
but she heard her grandmother call out the second she returned the hide - a - key container to its place under the porch .
when she glanced away instead of returning his smile , he did n't get up from his place on the couch , where he was holding a beer .
by the time she faced him again , he was wearing the clean t - shirt he 'd brought in with him and was sitting in his usual place .
an expensive artificial tree would be , technically , even more perfect - no branch out of place and that sort of thing .
as if that was n't unusual enough , a telescope held pride of place in the middle of the living room , beneath a giant skylight .
but now that the chairs , tables and decorations were in place , and the caterers , minister and disc jockey were primed and ready , she only had to make sure everyone was prepared for the photographer at three .
if her father 's personal effects could n't be in their rightful place , waiting for him to return , then she wanted them close to her , not sitting on a concrete floor in a room she no longer recognized .
but from what she could see , there was n't a thing out of place .
allie sat in her father 's chair , staring glumly at the teddy bear coffee mug that seemed so damn out of place on his desk .
now that he 'd decided to keep it , he needed to figure out a hiding place .
even with the sunlight peeking through the trees , he could n't see anything obviously out of place - certainly nothing to indicate what kennedy and grace had been doing last night .
the statue teddy had wanted now sat in the cemetery in a prominent place near raelynn 's headstone .
when she rounded the corner , she found it in its usual place and breathed out in relief .
skye slid the syrup back into its place near the laminated menus .
presumably planning to return it to its place above her fridge , maria kept the key .
there were undoubtedly more personal items in the drawers -- she had to put her stuff somewhere -- but this book was the only item out of place in the whole house .
he saw his father 's station wagon at home , parked in its usual place out front so that robert could get in and out .
a stuffed alligator held pride of place in one corner , and pictures of fornier and others , holding this catch or that , adorned the walls .
sixteen ... jasmine returned the picture to its place on the dresser .
gruber sat on the couch in his favorite place , with his sister positioned beside him .
lifting mr . moreau 's picture from its place on the seat between them , she stared down at it .
the bolt clicked , then the chain slid into place .
with a sigh , gabe let the blind fall back into place at the front window and wheeled himself across the living room .
booker returned the frying pan he 'd dried to its place beneath the stove .
she made a big production of letting delbert find just the right place to put the car , which turned out to be a prominent spot on her entertainment center , then gave him a hug .
maybe if booker was busy finding a place for the salad when they first arrived , he 'd be too preoccupied to hear anyone gasp .
they continued to drink and watch the fire from there , but when the saloon was rebuilt a year later , the bar took its rightful place once again .
10 having lost sight of the cat , francesca let the drapes fall into place and answered her phone on the way back to her laptop .
she had no idea how long it would take the police to get her set up with a wire and put the proper surveillance in place .
her stepfather was so fastidious , so particular , he 'd know someone had been in his office if the slightest article was out of place .
far down the grounds , she sees something out of place .
they carried it together , stiffly and clunkily , but the instant it was in its new place , marigold felt ... lighter .
and now there was a place for the tree .
everything was dusted before it was slid into place .
the presents have already been placed under the tree , and the stockings have already been stuffed , and i am supposed to undo this to some degree , then jostle riley 's doorframe so she wakes up , sneaks out , and sees me put everything in place .
i head to where i stashed the presents , and start returning them to their place under the tree .
using the shelves on the bookcase , i climbed up and pushed the grate out of place .
x < br/ > my heart pounded as i took my place in front of my bunk .
the one who had put the ranking system into place and , according to augusta , saved the country from economic ruin .
use the tools and opportunities mortain places in front of you .
even as i secure the misericorde at its customary place at my waist , a plan begins to form in my mind .
he turns and gallops to his place at the back of the party , and i am left alone .
i have not been in place longer than a handful of moments before there is a noise at the door .
` ` plans that i worked six long months to put in place .
when i am in place , i will hoot like an owl . ''
i want to protest that he is not my man , but instead i thank her and go fix one last round of poultices while anton and jacques help beast back to his place by the fire .
by the time we finally have our plan in place , beast is pale , whether from his injuries or his fury , i can not tell .
` ` we will move at midnight so we are in place well before dawn and can strike while the french are still unsuspecting . ''
by the time we draw near nantes , we have a plan firmly in place .
he stares down at the cheese as if it were a sparkling jewel as he hurries back to his place by the fire .
i have just slipped my one clean shift over my head and tugged it into place when there is a small commotion at the door .
as i step into place beside sybella , she reaches out and gives my arm a squeeze of greeting .
sybella steps away from her place behind the duchess .
i looked over at hunter and he still sat in the same place he had been since he walked in but now , his head rested on his hand and he was asleep .
you pulled me back to your place at the bar .
i find a place in the sand and lay down .
i ' m pretty sure she can hear my thoughts because she smiles at me and moves from her place across from me .
i turn in cooper 's arms and place a kiss on his cheek .
after i ' m sure the girls are perfectly in place for the night , i pair the dress with my red stilettos .
you spend so much time in the morning making sure every hair is in place .
we were quite a pair , entirely in place on the soho streets .
i go to the flower pot , which i had n't moved back in place .
in place .
since it had taken quite a while to get the apparatus in place , he did n't lie there long .
grigor used to have us fight each other for a place at his table , a chance to eat decent food . ''
once everyone took their places outside the circle , calypso thumped her staff against the floor three times .
he set the mattress in place , and with his help , i made up the bed .
now he had a table in place , and i recognized his handiwork in the craftsmanship .
he grinned at me and called , ` ` maybe , '' as i put the mic back and worked my way back to my place at the table .
tools hung neatly in their places , and the green truck seemed to have been washed recently .
i worked through the feelings as dr . reid had taught me , and then stowed them in their proper place .
i rolled against his side and found the perfect place for my head .
stop being captain no - fun because we did n't agree on a place and hand them over . ''
i knew the contractor had just finished with everything in the new space and all they had left to do was get the final members of the staff in place so they could open up for business in a few weeks .
they were just beautiful and seemed like they should be out of place on such a rock - and - roll guy that used to be a jock .
two beers later i think they had plans in place for him to come check her property out and look over the work she thought her current contractor was ripping her off on .
i place my hand on his heart and my head finds a nesting place in the hollow of his shoulder .
he draws me down on top of his lap and wraps his arm around me , his hand finding a resting place at the top of my left thigh .
` ` we 'll be fine as long as we put everything back in its rightful place . ''
the sticker stands out on the nice car like a sore thumb and seems oddly out of place .
she flinches but then composes herself , slanting closer to me , her hand firmly in place on my cheek .
i align the board into place and he steps up with the nail gun .
still , there 's no garbage lying around and everything is organized and in place .
i 'd care , but i ' m too drunk to give a crap and if ryler saw , he 's enough of a gentleman that he does n't say anything , quietly putting the driver 's seat into place , before sitting down in it with the door open , his feet planted outside on the ground .
there was one time she messed up the entire house and then told me to clean it , but the catch was that everything had to be put in the right place , otherwise i 'd have to spend time with her ... days ... which should sound fun but her idea of spending time together , was not the normal mother son relationship .
instead of elaborating on the nonseduction and comforting me further , tara began a careful sweep of the room , looking for any security devices or wires that might already be in place .
i asked , but since tiffany 's hand was still firmly in place over my mouth , it came out sounding more like a meow / lawn mower hybrid than actual english words .
never mind , but if there 's a hair out of place on your head when i get back , be forewarned , i will kill you , alpha or not . ''
chapter eleven ` ` casey , if there 's a hair on her head out of place when you get back , you 're sleeping on the couch for the rest of your life . ''
i was n't sure if this was just some cog in a greater scheme of callum 's , some detail that had to fall into place for the future he most desired , or if maybe he was doing this for me .
past the metal detectors and the sensors and every safeguard the society had put in place to make the institute impenetrable to anyone who mattered .
a very uneven , unsteady , three - board shelf that sat on the floor , its purpose unclear until nix crouched back down next to it , and one by one , moved the books she 'd stolen from the library into place .
without making a sound , claire dog - eared the page she was reading , shut the book , and then put it back in its place , right next to the one she 'd read him the night before .
with careful precision and a mind as blank as an unused chalkboard , nix maneuvered the keys into place .
i was trying so hard to rationalize with what had taken place in the past hour and i could n't even begin to understand how i 'd gone from hating someone , to craving his touch .
when he was driving me crazy he needed to be put into place .
finally , when i noticed how long i 'd been frozen in place , i called colt and told him that he needed to come home .
i got that she was afraid , but she was worrying about things that were set in place to make sure the cancer was gone .
the date was set for december 22 , 2010 and it was all falling into place .
i stared at the ceiling for a while , and even got down on the floor and started picking up things that were still out of place .
she put the t in tidy and hated when things were an inch out of place , at home .
her car was in the same place as when i left .
though i appreciate the education you ' ve provided me with , i ' m unable to continue with the goals you ' ve set in place .
but i did n't hear anything and i did n't see anyone as i roamed through the library and slid the books back into their appropriate places .
for the next hour i pushed the heavy , squeaky carts back and forth through the library , putting all the books back into their proper places in the stacks .
i shelved books for the next twenty minutes , sliding al the thick volumes back into their proper places .
since my list idea was n't working , i decided to go back to the beginning and see if i could remember anything strange or weird , anything out of place , anything out of the ordinary .
i jumped to my feet and looked around , but all the other statues were stil in their places along the second floor balcony , all turned the same way , staring down into the first floor of the library of antiquities .
his arm came down , his neck twisted back into the appropriate place , and his chest lifted as he got to his feet .
a stone interrogation table stood in the same place as before , directly below the carving , although it was twice as big as the one where preston had always sat .
it took me a moment to find nike 's statue in the square pantheon , even though it was in more or less the same place here as it was back home .
the lantern i 'd always used was still in the same place i 'd left it the last time .
the odd thought skittered through her mind , but it was too bizarre to analyze , so she walked slowly over and took her place on the stool .
he 'd entered my room , a flicker of interest in his eyes as he regarded me from my place huddled in the corner .
i turn to petrovich , who is standing slightly apart , hands on his hips , looking upward as if touchdown jesus will bend down from his place on the hill and part the metal seas for us .
fifteen an hour later zack leaned a shoulder against the inn room wall , folded his arms and watched raine place a toiletries kit into her small overnight suitcase .
` ` which means i need you and grace to keep up surveillance there on maui until i can get people in place . ''
` ` all right , getting back to our little problem here , how are you doing getting your long - term surveillance people in place ?
` ` you already had the new i d in place ? ''
the driver was searching for a parking place amid the array of expensive sedans , heavy suvs and limos that littered the drive .
jake heard the loud snick of the dead bolt sliding into place .
when he came back to her , she made a place for him between her legs and wrapped him close .
` ` i think zander taylor found out about evelyn and her study two years ago because he had a tripwire already in place . ''
probably wo n't take him more than a few days to get a crew and equipment in place . ''
eyes widening a little , she turned to look at the place on the desk where one of his palms had been resting a moment ago .
additional security measures would be put in place .
he turned around and returned to his place on the rocks .
colby hoisted the spare tire and started to slide it into place .
i expected the room to show signs of a fierce struggle , but not a stick of furniture seemed out of place .
annette , ian , bones , and i filed back into my house where the balloons , confetti , and banners now seemed out of place with our new somber moods .
winston sauntered into the sunroom , found a satisfactory place near the window , and flopped down on his belly .
` ` everything was in place .
after all these years , everything was in place .
she had not yet grown accustomed to the sense of wonder that accompanied the realization of the small miracle that was taking place inside her .
we ' ve relocated his shoulder to its proper place , but he 's refusing further treatment . ''
he could not get the padlock in place because as long as the strap of her purse held the door partially open there was no way the hasp could align with the metal eye on the frame .
an aging van emblazoned with summer river antiques was parked in its usual place in the drive .
everything had fallen into place .
` ` some men need to have their proper place explained to them .
his job was to keep an eye out for things that were wrong or out of place .
` ` a place for everything and everything in its place . ''
` ` something else that looks wrong or out of place .
he would notice every detail that seemed wrong or out of place .
christine sighed and filled another vase , setting them in place more gently this time .
after winning the award , she 'd gone home and set it in a place of honor right in the middle of the fireplace mantle .
the packing tape , which he 'd only haphazardly slapped on in the first place , snapped .
why could n't men ever leave things in their proper place ?
but they remained in place , flowers scattered around them .
the women hurried to the house , and she dropped the rock back in its place .
the man took it , and the child moved back to her place next to charlotte .
he casually stepped to the roster , slid it off the wall , hung a new one in its place , and walked away .
jace held his place on the porch swing .
dylan and sean slid collars and tools into hiding places with the smoothness of long practice , quickly placing the half - finished woodworking projects on the tables , scattering about tools and used sandpaper as though a woodworker had absently thrown them down .
dylan remained in place , standing with the utter stillness of a big cat as he watched prey play not far from him .
ella stood up and walked to her grandson , and myka took her place next to jordan on the sofa .
she reached for her phone and found an empty place on her belt .
the long wing was proportional to the four shorter wings by exactly two to one , not an inch out of place .
still cursing under his breath , he set the pieces in place again .
ian took another piece from the box and set it carefully into its place .
ian liked that daniel moved carefully , not disturbing what ian had put into place .
cameron sidestepped and came back into place , throwing a sudden jab at bellamy 's jaw .
she looked up from her place on the sofa to where fellows stood , awkwardly holding his coffee cup .
she was completely out of place here in her cream and green bustle gown , diamonds in her red hair , but she looked about without fear .
hart had left his place in the corner of the box to take a seat next to gil .
chapter seventeen ` ` you must explain all to us , dear lloyd , '' eleanor said from her place at the foot of the table .
the settee had rested in an unused parlor high in the house , given pride of place under wide window and flanked by tall , ebony and gilt candelabras .
the little furry things shrank back into their hiding places , between the roots and into the hollows , sensing a predator in their midst .
connor grinned from his place at the table .
ronan remained in place on the porch , giving them another salute from the porch swing .
desperately trying not to hurl , he dragged himself up , picked up a ward stone , letting declan in , and once the blueblood stepped over the line , he dropped the stone back in place and went to slump back on the porch steps .
diego picked up some old car magazines from the sofa , set them on a table , and sat down in their place .
eric had better have some kind of plan in place for that .
claire sprinted after the line of beasts , caught up , and sped by them , resuming her place at the head of the pack .
the officer took his place behind a light glass table .
dylan , liam 's father and a stickler for the rules of shifters , had admitted to tiger one day that the rituals were artificial , put into place at a time when shifters had fought each other nearly to extinction .
beth set up her easel in her usual place and sat down , pencil poised over a clean piece of paper .
she obediently put her marker in the same place .
` ` i unpacked them and put them in their places .
ian yanked the bed into place , then lifted beth and laid her on it .
behind isabella , the strains of a waltz began , and couples in the ballroom glided into place .
it all got a bit dusty , but the whiskey decanter and the humidor were always replenished , the ashtrays emptied and cleaned , and any stray pieces of clothing , boots , or riding equipment restored to their proper places .
he plunked the plate and cup to his usual place across from isabella and snatched part of the racing newspaper from mac .
hart thunked his plate to his place at the head of the table .
hart locked the cabinet again , strode to the desk , and put the key back into its place .
reeve had been in the tunnels all day , mrs . reeve taking the opportunity to visit her sister , so lewis had had plenty of time to purchase and drop the flower in place and then linger to watch eleanor find it .
ian and beth took the children down to the lawn to play while mac at last got his brood chivied into place .
she had it framed and hung it in a place of honor in the family 's private drawing room .
the chain groaned against the ceiling , but slowly , slowly , the giant chandelier eased back to its resting place .
when daniel decided they 'd had enough , he slammed all the levers back to their resting places .
she gave the signal for mary to let down the rigging high above the stage , which they 'd set into place beforehand .
violet watched mutely from her place on the sofa .
violet remained in place until they 'd rumbled well away .
violet was gazing at him in fear again , her hand frozen in place .
daniel took aimee 's place on the bench and folded his hands around violet 's .
whatever daniel thought jacobi had planned , jacobi would have put ten more contingencies into place .
everything exactly in its place , everything fitting together like a puzzle . ''
he stood back and studied the arrangement , then lifted a few letters and changed their places with others , neatening the rows again .
the sunset turned and dropped into its rightful place with a shudder .
she was n't sure how much time had passed when she heard footsteps on the sagging wooden stairs , and she thought about leaping into action , shoving the box back in its place and lunging for the salad bowl , pretending none of this had ever happened , but instead she stayed where she was - beside the open box , holding a photo of the entire family : mom , dad , nate , annie , patrick , emma , and tommy - and waited until mom appeared , pausing on the bottom step with a look on her face that was impossible to read .
oliver 's head is resting on her shoulder this time , pinning hadley into place , and when her attempt to stay perfectly still instead results in a kind of twitchy tremor that sets her arm in motion , he lurches up as if he 's been shocked .
when she let go and i stayed in place without her support , i would giggle harder - until i lost my grip and fell to the bed .
as i booted the kickstand into place , she hopped off of my bike and ripped the helmet off her head .
` ` the gift is supposed to reflect the value a groom places on his bride .
just as abruptly , a wall seemed to slam in place around him , cutting off everything from kira , even the tingling wave of his aura .
spade sat on the couch , indicating the place next to him .
with a clenched jaw , he settled himself on the bed with the now - growling kitty , holding it in place with one hand and stroking its fur with the other .
spade glanced back at her from his place in the passenger seat .
addison hissed as i skittered into my place in line outside the gym door .
addison walked over from her place on the thirty - five yard line to my place on the forty and plopped down beside me in the grass .
addison walked over from her place on the thirty - five yard line to my place on the forty and plopped down beside me in the grass .
it was n't until we were in place in the end zone and the scoreboard showed one minute to halftime that she started hyperventilating .
chloe kept breaking in with protests , and liz kept saying , ` ` but ... '' from their separate places around the pool , all four of them waded closer as the talk got more heated , until they surrounded nick and me on all sides .
` ` gavin would make fun of you for a hair out of place .
i waited for gavin and davis to move from their places at the top of the course .
my dad asked - tripping over doofus - and sitting down at his place with his breakfast intact on his plate .
but this was worse : the pendant glinted from its resting place in a glob of bryozoa clinging to the branch .
as i hurried through the gate , i was high enough in the stands to see that ms . nakamoto had put demarcus to work pushing flutes into place according to the diagram she 'd drawn for the start of the halftime show .
back to our places .
jimmy thought it was funny to speed up the beat until the band was practically running to their places rather than marching .
he officially started band practice every day by calling us to attention , but we were supposed to keep track of time and find our places on the field before he did that , so people were n't scrambling .
i just ... '' the band was loud around us , milling into place in two long lines for the football team to run through on game night , but the silence between will and me was louder .
as i folded blankets into boxes and found a place for books on shelves , i listened to violet talk about ricky , and what had gone wrong .
he stood in his place in the drums , close to travis , leaving an empty space for me .
we pushed it back into its place in the hangar .
i sat in one of the rocking chairs on the porch of the airport office , ready to run onto the tarmac and place chocks around the wheels of the plane after the admiral landed .
i tried not to groan with relief as i dropped the first set of chocks at the front wheel of the plane and kicked the wooden blocks into place around the tire .
as soon as i exclaimed , he realized he was grabbing me in exactly the same place mark had grabbed me .
the wing kept sinking , astonished that the landing gear was n't there to support it , feeling for its place on the ground .
he took his place beside the others to help pull mark free .
so she held her place and beamed at sarah as she came around the corner .
rick 's shirt showed a circle of blood in the same place , the barrel of the gun still pointed toward his stomach .
a nd i wanted to make sure all a llison 's cubic zirconia were in place .
a s casually as possible in knee - high boots and a miniskirt , i ran from my place on the field into the mass of the band .
i grasped his gloved hand and led him toward the band 's place in the stands .
making every piece slide into place for my characters , writing them an unrealistically happy ending , gave me a rush and made me high .
at the track , the guys wanted to buy drinksthis would be a long process involving many drink stands because six people were drinking and only two of them were twenty - oneand find a place in the stands .
he slid elvis back in place , next to the sugar , and looked up at me .
he looked so hot standing in a circle of broken glass , directing traffic around two cars crushed together and two tow trucks easing into place to carry them away .
brandon moore inside me seemed hopelessly out of place .
doug pushed the driver 's seat into place and sat down , grunting a little as he hoisted his cast into the car .
even before my face crumpled , doug shifted forward to give me a hiding place .
taking a place on the floor beside skylynn , thorne lifted a journal from the stack and began reading through it , no easy task , given paddy 's abominable handwriting .
she muttered , taking a place beside him on the sofa .
sam dropped into his usual place in the chair beside the sofa .
the new blender and microwave were in place , new silverware gleamed in the drawer .
saintcrow took a place in the chair across from her , long legs stretched out , his arms folded over his chest .
he sighed , weariness overtaking him as he put the last ward in place , wondering , even as he did so , if his magic was strong enough to repel charmion 's power .
she moved through her house , dropping the crossbar in place on the door , shutting the single window , snuffing the candles .
father lanzoni took his place in front of the altar and roshan and brenna turned to face him .
with a nod , the priest went to take his place at the altar .
he raked a hand through his hair , then resumed his place on the sofa .
he stared at me for a long moment before resuming his place on the sofa .
a photo of her parents , taken on their wedding day , had been knocked off its customary place on top of the file cabinet .
going inside , he took a place at the bar , ordered a glass of dry red wine , and waited .
she tugged on his hand , then took his place at the foot of the bed when he stood .
as dawn approached , rane went upstairs to check on savanah , then walked through the house , making sure all the doors and windows were closed and locked and that the protective wards , meant to keep intruders out , were in place .
susan entered the room and took a place behind the doctor .
she looked into the baby 's room , but everything seemed to be in place .
kyle 's sunglasses were tucked away on the visor , the baby 's car seat was in its usual place .
sheree offered a tentative smile to the man who took her partner 's place on the dance floor , felt a jolt , like an electric shock , sizzle through her as he gathered her into his arms .
logan asked , resuming his place on the sofa .
resuming her place on the foot of the bed , she tried to imagine what it would be like to be forever young and in love .
hopefully , charlotte was in place and ready to go .
the archway appeared out of place between the large stone walls , as though it should hold a gate .
the buildings appeared newer than the other structures and appeared somewhat out of place .
brody asked from his place on the beige leather couch .
it seemed slightly out of place with the otherwise modern furnishings .
i walked manda to the door and got in place for another song .
he gestured to his place in the bed and the multiple iv lines streaming from his arm .
everything was in its proper place .
i was delighted i 'd carried it up to the apartment from its place on the front seat of the lincoln .
the two officers were striding back into the hospital , i saw from my place at the window .
debbie was dressed in the height of fashion - at least her version of fashion - which seemed a little out of place for a meeting of this kind .
` ` of course , '' said chow , from his place against the wall .
terry resumed his place behind the bar and began dispensing drinks , but he was limping slightly and had a strained look in his face , which worried me .
i put my paperback facedown on the kitchen table to mark my place and got up to answer it .
they made a little space for me to ease in between them , and wrapped their arms around me when i was in place .
i 'd poured him a glass of tea and set it beside his place .
another policeman called from his place by one of the assailants , the one quinn had thrown .
i led him over to a place against the wall , and gently maneuvered him until his back was against it .
i went down the wide stairs and out the patio doors into the garden , relieved to be resuming my more accustomed place behind a bar .
sam gave me a smiling glance as i scurried into place .
calvin gave me a bracing look and took his place by the table .
sam returned to his place behind the bar afterward as if nothing had happened , and tray went to sit at the table with amelia , who kissed him .
if we could just make it to the car ... mohawk was staring at us from his place on the stool by the back door .
i am wheeled into a private exam room , and there are several nurses moving around and checking the iv that must have been put in place while i was unconscious .
when everything is in its proper place , i immediately start walking to the front door , and thank goodness ryan follows without questioning my strange behavior .
she asks as she grabs the remote to the stereo and takes her place at the front of the room .
when we get to the tree lot , candace places her order with one of the attendants .
she does n't need much since i have everything she could possibly want already at my place , but we picked up a couple of boxes , and now we are shifting things in my room so that all of her belongings have a place .
i close the book and place it next to the phone on my desk .
her legs take their natural place around my hips .
every time i knock one brick out of place , you put ten more in its place , '' he seethes .
returning that audio crystal to its place in the box , he called in another crystal and put it in the stand .
unless he had ebon - gray shields already in place , it was the last time falonar would see his back .
saetan 's arm did n't move from her waist , but the covers settled in place around her .
black shields snapped into place within all the outside walls , and black locks on the doors and windows turned the sadiablo family home into a prison .
jaenelle put the last box in place , frowned a little , rearranged a couple more , then nodded , finally satisfied with the arrangement .
and then , oddly , she had the feeling that some broken piece inside him suddenly settled back into its rightful place .
something stirred , shifted , fit into place .
vae wiggled backward until her head was level with cassie 's female place .
an awkward place for the thing , which made him think it had been placed there so that no one would have to cross the room under that feral gaze .
definite wariness now , as if he had measured the distance between her chair and his place on the sofa and was determined to maintain it .
after pouring a glass for himself , he returned to his place on the sofa .
` ` it 'll look even better when you ' ve got everything in place . ''
he removed the ring and gave it back to banard , who returned the ring to its place and vanished the case .
she set the knife gently in its place .
he and talon had spent the early afternoon removing the seats in the two small coaches so they could fit more people in , while yarek oversaw packing the storage spaces - and finding a safe place for the six honey pear trees lia insisted come with them .
as he silently watched , she picked up a sliver of crystal and slipped it into place .
everything was in place .
a chair floated from its place by the wall and settled in front of the desk .
standing in the center of the great hall , holding along list in one hand while conducting the various people and parcels to their rightful places with the other , was beale , his red - jeweled butler .
jaenelle leaned against the wall opposite his bedroom door , her finger tucked between the pages of a craft book to hold her place .
the threads are not yet in place .
in stunned silence , they watched him drag her to her place at the table and dump her in the chair .
` ` the threads are now in place .
tersa poked a puzzle piece into place and pushed her tangled black hair away from her face .
during the long climb , the fragments had fit into place , one by one .
there was no time to think about the crowd growing behind him , no time to think about anything except reaching cornelia 's room before ... daemon opened cornelia 's door , closed it behind him , calmly tugged his shirt cuffs into place , and then smashed his fist into the wall .
daemon stepped out of his bedroom , calmly tugging his shirt cuffs into place .
jaenelle stared at the dishes arranged in a half - circle around her place at the table .
daemon studied his cold reflection one last time to make sure nothing was out of place , then joined the family for dinner .
` ` do n't move , '' she said , sounding testy as she carefully fitted another shard of the shattered chalice into place .
as she shifted position to slip another shard into place , he saw the small , round br**sts , the feminine curve of waist and hips , the dark - gold triangle of hair between her legs .
three okay , so we have the first three scripts done , shooting schedule in place , read - through next week .
he exclaimed from his place against the pillows .
i looked down to find my shirt in place and the blanket still wrapped firmly around me .
as i glanced around the kitchen and dining room , everything seemed to be in place .
jack was , of course , still sound asleep , and he groaned from his place beneath the covers .
everything in its place and in order .
taking my place in line , i watched as jillian 's maid of honor joined us , the music changing as the bride was about to appear .
we get a chance to steal , '' simon said from his place on the couch .
in a place of honor on its own marble round was my kitchenaid mixer .
as i took one more pass through the first floor , making sure everything was in its place and looking spick - and - span , i paused by the dining room .
as i rounded the corner to my apartment , i noticed the range rover was absent from its usual place behind the building .
i smiled from my place on the bed , lacing up my sandals .
everything was still in the same place as it had been when i 'd left for camp .
my shoulder has been put back into place , my arm is now in a sling and i have two broken ribs as well as stitches in my head and on my face .
i ' ve even been getting up in the night to watch out the front window , looking for this stranger in the black car , or anything else out of place or anybody suspicious , but he has n't been back .
it was my mother 's last christmas gift she gave my father before they died and it has taken pride of place on my left hand .
from my place in my small kitchen , i start hearing a weird vibrating type noise coming from my bedroom .
i run my hands down to her wrists , encircling them with my fingers , and slowly pull them in front of her , holding them in place with one of my hands while the other unhooks the cuffs from my belt and captures first one wrist , then the other until both of her hands are locked in place against her stomach and i can easily run a finger around the inside of each cuff .
i glanced up and looked behind me just in time to watch them shut the door , and just in time to hear the lock tumblers click into place .
that was when the gears clicked into place .
` ` all plans are in place ? ''
the building was a massive postmodern concrete box , completely out of place next to the more subtle prairie style buildings around it .
when the front door closed , i kept my place .
to a one , the nymphs stopped in place , even while their hands were wrapped around the necks and hair of the ones nearby .
i took a place facing him on the opposite side of the square , and when he went to his knees across from me , i did the same .
he shook his head , shut his book and slid it back into place .
that 's when the gears clicked into place .
that was the word that did it , that forced the puzzle pieces into place .
everything was in its place , but everything was upside down .
i slid the picture back into its place , partially hiding it from view .
i scribbled down the call numbers of a handful of nonfiction titles ( minus the biographies and memoirs ) , then slid the drawer back into place .
the plan was in place .
` ` wel , i need to get some things in place for mal ory 's work tomorrow .
there was an ache in my side and scrapes along my arms , but everything seemed to be in place .
` ` we have some backup plans in place , and if the house is n't long for gp membership , they'l need executing soon .
if you had most of your pieces in place when the need arose , you were doing wel , by my account .
i did , too , looking for anything obviously out of place .
when the ketchup bottle was in place again and i 'd settled my sandwich in hand , i took a bite , and then another , and another .
it 's going to take time to get the scanners in place .
i popped it into place .
instead of driving myself crazy over the things i could n't have , i started getting things in place .
as soon as i stepped in place beside her , spencer appeared .
when he was done , he placed me back on my feet and gestured to his place .
` ` can you hold out a few more hours , until we get a team in place and we have the cover of night ? ''
from my place on the cot , i could see it clearly .
it slid over my knuckle with ease , fitting into place like my finger was exactly where it belonged .
i swore a manly type of swear and then scooped it up and slid it into place .
seconds ticked by ( felt like hours ) , and i heard the telltale ding of the car as it slid into place and the doors opened .
i watched as he quickly twisted the man 's arm around his back so hard i heard his shoulder pop out of place .
i grabbed a clean black comb and my sheers and took my place behind the chair .
she asked softly , getting up from her place beside me and packing up the first aid kit .
i went to my place behind the curtain as my heart pounded and my palms sweated .
he lifted me , sliding my back against the wall , and my legs wrapped around his waist as my ankles crossed , keeping me in place .
yet , they were n't out of place .
` ` you have first - degree burns in places on your hands and second - degree burns on your wrists .
` ` let me help you with that , '' he said , pulling the seatbelt around me and clipping it in place over my lap .
as i wandered down the aisles with my cart , replacing books to their designated place , i thought about what the police told me when holt and i took them that letter .
there was n't even a leaf out of place .
knowing my hand was in exactly the same place that his had once been gave me comfort .
i snatched my hand back and folded my arms across my chest as his name clicked into place .
he stepped toward the dragon , who watched him warily , but did n't make a sound when sam found a place on its back that was not lined with sharp quills .
returning the treasure map to its rightful place was the only way sam or i would get any peace .
it tipped before falling back into place onto the floor .
once the map was in its rightful place , hopefully the demon attacks on hev would stop and i could focus more on helping logan .
once i was finished mopping the back room , i emptied out the bucket and set everything in place to dry .
i lifted my single strap book bag over my shoulders and settled it into place .
i gently took her half - empty glass from her fingers and then slid a fresh one in place .
not a hair was out of place on any of them .
` ` i 'll say hello to the devil for you , '' i said , returning g.r 's chair to the exact place it had been in and going over to the entrance and peering inside .
piper and i found a place amongst the people and lay down with our backs against the hard packed snow .
but rumy was adamant that his security surpassed everything else out there and that even the uber - powerful daniel briggs could n't get through the layers of disguising shields he had in place throughout his cavern system .
from the back of the stage , two men in loincloths rolled a massive wall to angle toward the audience , locking it in place on the floor .
each lay back down , and she resumed her place between them .
when a tremor ran through lucian and he grimaced , rumy left his place by the desk , passed by lucian , then held his hand gesturing into the hallway beyond .
she put the toast on the plates as well as the bacon , then brought them over to the island and set them on the place mats .
he remained in the center , staring up at the ceiling , looking for anything out of place , then focused on the walls .
two of the pieces were already in place .
to take anything further , to ask for commitments , was out of the question until he had a plan in place .
` ` we have a strategy to put in place , but at some point , i want to sink inside you , all the way , to find out what this can be between us . ''
he had a certain plan in place involving wings and an empty house .
` ` at some point , he 'll attempt to move his death vampire force into place all over mortal earth , burn the mossy mist away , and attack all at once .
please have rocket launchers in place and be ready to fire on my orders .
because she had n't put any blocks in place , she felt leto rise from his bed .
all along the route , the video cameras were in place , with their operators , everyone testing and retesting their equipment .
especially while in full - mount and not one feather out of place once she hit the ground .
* * * leto had his arm around grace 's waist , a natural place now for him to be .
james took his place in front of the terrace .
and because thorne had built the army , and had made sure his force drilled a variety of maneuvers every day , she could sense her force move into place behind her : twenty - five hundred seasoned militia warriors , male and female .
he knew when luken had communicated with the warriors , because as another unified group , they launched high into the air , but still below the militia warriors that were now almost in place .
as he stood at the ready , crouched , his sword upright , his gaze glued to the death vamp 's laughing eyes , he suddenly felt fiona right beside him , her shoulder to his shoulder , her hip to his hip , then a kind of melding took place .
he folded , materialized behind the ones to his right , and took out three along the hamstring , then resumed his place in front of fiona .
she scurried back to her much safer place beside her own guardian of ascension .
havily left her place near marcus 's execs and moved to stand beside endelle .
if i find so much as a flyspeck out of place i 'll call you .
carla 's already moved central 's grid in place .
he did n't yet own copass and until he 'd turned a majority of the members of that lawmaking committee , he would n't have enough pieces in place for the coup he was planning .
she rounded the table upon which the tea service sat and took up her place again on the teak bench .
she moved her window into place and saw rith in the corner , his back to the doorway .
` ` i take it you have an escape plan in place ? ''
` ` is everything in place ? ''
her arms slipped around his waist , finding a place beneath the center back strap of the weapons harness .
havily 's hand slid away from fiona 's and jean - pierre took her place beside the bed .
a vampire , capable of appearing in the form of any other second earth ascender , would have more plans in place than just taking parisa away again .
she flipped the tabletop up , locked it in place , then pushed the whole thing away from gideon .
but how out of place the animal looked on a manicured lawn .
with your outstanding teams in place , i ' m sure this will be one of the finest events the administration has hosted . ''
` ` they are in place , '' she said .
she leaned back and looked up at him , closing the book over her left hand , holding her place among the pages .
she watched her security team move into place surrounding the intruders , more than two dozen well - trained militia warriors , a sword in each hand .
for now he began putting his plans in place to secure her .
however , since he still could n't fold , he was mesmerized , and not a hair of her tight blond twist out of place .
his hand found a place next to kerrick 's .
the ascendiate would be answering her call to ascension soon , at one of the borderlands , near a dimensional trough , and when she did , he would have three squads of death vampires in place to finish her off .
he could rest , set his resolve , and put some strategies in place for avoiding all contact with alison should she choose to ascend .
some kind of shield was in place , a very powerful shield , one she knew instinctively had been put there to keep her safe .
once in the corridor , kerrick took up a place on her right and havily on her left .
alison moved back to her place , her mind disordered .
he remained in place and looked around , at the expansive living room off to the right , full of oversized furniture , the kind meant to fit warrior bodies .
but just as she slipped from bed and her long skirts fell into place to her ankles , a brilliant white - yellow light flashed behind quinlan .
this first part of the process she had to do herself , but the moment she stepped onto the round garnet tiles , pieces of the puzzle clicked into place .
what he waited for , ethan did n't know , but he felt sure some timing was at work , maybe an invictus force that needed to be moved into place .
he took care of business , not just setting the tea cart aside but taking both to their proper place .
with the right research team , he has the framework in place to reconstruct my antidote , at least to a point .
jiggling in place , brittany decided she could n't pursue it .
without saying anything , we just slid into place beside kylie , listening to the priest , who was softly speaking a prayer .
marley must have made an involuntary sound , because damien 's hand moved into place over her mouth again .
when he was in place between my thighs , he settled my hip against him , my leg resting on the back of his .
she asked him , sure his cell phone was close to his body in a place of deference .
when they 'd discovered the cameras were in place and the crew and adrienne ashley were out interviewing witnesses , boston had sent brady home and prepared to coax shelby out of her clothes .
using mind control to hold the raccoon in its place , she snatched it up with her large fangs and sucked out its blood .
he stood there and awaited his fate , and the three men ushered violet to stand behind them as they ordered hunter to get in place .
it was quiet , with only the few things she had left behind , still in their places as if nobody realized she 'd been gone .
i thank my lucky stars i thought to pack a bag earlier , and i pick it up from its place by the front door .
stop worrying if you have a hair out of place , or if you ' ve chipped a nail .
my fingers move into place and strum , plucking the strings in no particular order .
my hand moves from its resting place on my stomach , and i smooth hair away from her face .
my car looks out of place here .
my steaming plate earns a place on the coffee table as i grab the phone .
blake follows after me , and we take our usual places at the back of the studio .
` ` bras make good pockets , '' i explain , hooking my headphones into place over my ears .
all the furniture is now in its rightful place , albeit still covered , but the bar is as good as ready to go .
the lights are all in place , curtain poles are up , and even the upstairs is done .
jose stood along with bubbles , both of them sliding in place along either side of sutton harper , propping him as he hopped on one leg .
except it would be hours before they were in place here .
she reached down , her hand falling to rest on her dog 's head without her even looking to see that he 'd slid into place beside her .
he set the frame in place , carefully angled in the collection lined along his windowsill .
she hefted her backpack into place , the weight somehow heavier than when she 'd started out a few days ago .
* * * with the first rays of sunrise spoking in the distance , wade strapped the backpacks into place on the snowmobiles - or as sunny and other alaska natives called the vehicles , snow machines .
` ` hopefully my security system will be in place by monday and i wo n't have to impose long . ''
david tapped another ball in place , lining up his drive .
` ` i should have my new locks in place by monday afternoon . ''
then she could set a stable plan into place for herself , brice , and nanny .
by the time they reached their final destination in spain , all the components would be in place for a top - dollar package .
i ' ve got security and warning devices in place .
another little piece of the puzzle went in place , bringing him that much closer to the end of the cruise and the start of a major international terrorist incident .
` ` he 'll have a plan in place for us to bait the serial killer ? ''
barrera and his people were in place behind and ready to act if needed .
heat itched along his back as much as the exertion while he worked with jimmy to disconnect the tie - downs he 'd so diligently put in place earlier .
vince gestured for shay to sit while he took his place at the keyboard , bringing the screen to life with an empty room .
sure , the safeguards he 'd put into place became problematic with the nelson woman along , but at least the people listening in understood the potentially explosive dynamics .
in place about two mikes out . ''
vapor powered full speed toward the wooden building , putting them in place to assist and for immediate pickup if things went to shit .
he walked around the hood and took his place behind the wheel .
still , he could set some additional traps in place for the final showdown , because eventually , they would have to return home .
the investigator 's words about ex - boyfriends being to blame shifted in carson 's head , settling into place a second before reis leaned forward , elbows on his desk .
he took his place behind the wheel , firing the small motor to power them out of the narrow channel , nikki an arm 's reach away , trailing her fingers in the light spray .
` ` could n't you have screwed up locking the mast in place ? ''
the other bedroom looked much the same except for a double bed this time , with the spread tossed in place .
he could already envision his boots marching across the hall to their rightful place beside her heels lying lopsided , cast off beside their bed .
in place , j.t .
made a quick sweep of the room to ensure everything was in place before sprinting to the hall where his wife waited with suspicious , but twinkling eyes .
weapons from his men clicked up and in place .
bluff a while longer and let the sniper likely sliding into place take out ammar .
he needed to set patterns in place that he could maintain , not her way , since she would soon be gone.she should n't tell him what to say to trey , but she could n't leave him alone with all that pain pulsing through the small kitchen .
her neck made a logical resting place for his face while he regained control .
stuffing the past away , he whipped the keys from his car just as another car slid into place beside him - a white chevy cavalier just like his mother 's .
with a nod , her husband lumbered over and set the box on a bench , taking his place beside it .
she twisted the rubber band in place on his niece 's hair and stood .
a grand piano filled a corner , with a 1940s - era mic in place alongside .
he offered his hand as she settled in place .
i ' m working on an ad to place in the paper to rent your apartment . ''
he turned away from his hiding place in the fridge and glanced at the general .
callie picks up the drinks tank places on the bar and sets them on her tray .
she , too , is placing her belongings in their places .
so the cameras are in place .
his thumb brushed over her third finger , avoiding the large diamond ring that looked so out of place on her delicate hand .
the items in chelsie 's place appeared more valuable than those coveted by his mother .
she nodded at cara before walking away , taking her place behind the counter .
erin settled into her normal place on the sofa .
she waited for sam to step back so she could make the awkward introductions , but sam was in no rush and remained in place , his hard body bracketing hers .
the older woman had already hung sprigs in unsuspecting places around the ashford times 's offices and had taken to adding a bit more each day .
heat exploded beneath his fingertips , but he left his hand in place , unable and unwilling to break contact .
brian looked from liza to dare , who 'd stepped around her , still bare - chested , as he took his place close by her side .
in silence , she filled a vase with water and put the flowers inside , placing them on a prominent place on the counter .
undeterred , she curled around him , wrapping her arm around his waist , claiming her place beside him .
he might have to maneuver things to fall into place but he would n't lie to her .
again , she remained in place , her body aligned with his .
the plan he 'd been hoping to put in place this weekend suddenly made sense for tonight .
he glanced over at his bed and saw the expected : the animal curled up in his favorite place on vaughn 's pillow .
when i saw you smoking , it clicked into place . ''
from her place in his lap , micki muttered something he could n't make out , nor did he care .
she showered , changed and , since sophie was n't in her place across the hall , micki took a cab over to uncle yank 's .
unfortunately , she had no place in the strapless gown to hide tissues and so she 'd loaded up on benadryl in an effort to dry herself out .
after last night , amy realized she needed a new plan of action for roper , and by the late afternoon , she had one in place .
` ` ditto , '' trish said from her place in the recliner .
i did n't bring much home with me , so i grabbed my purse from its place on the floor .
i took kelly 's place on one of the boxes , pulling my knees up and resting my chin on them .
` ` there , '' she said , putting a few bobby pins in place .
i set my cup in the sink and walked back into the living room and took my place on the floor next to hannah .
dusty moved his hand and mine took his place under the kitten 's chin .
there was a bookshelf in one corner with quite a few worn paperbacks on it and an ancient television , one of those with the big wooden box around it , across from the couch with a dvd player that looked very out of place on top of it .
once he had everything in place that needed to be in place , michael moved through the house a final time , giving it a once - more - over to make sure nothing was obvious to the casual observer .
once he had everything in place that needed to be in place , michael moved through the house a final time , giving it a once - more - over to make sure nothing was obvious to the casual observer .
but he did n't move to take a seat , only remained standing in place for a moment , all his weight shifted to his left foot , his hip thrust impudently to the side .
and he heard her slide the deadbolt into place .
he looked at her from his place on the other side of the kitchen , bathed in the pale yellow light of the bulb burning over the stove .
but that was okay , he thought as he watched her squirrel herself quickly into her apartment and close the door , then listened to the thrust of the deadbolt being jacked into place .
skittles usually kept her company - though somehow the cat 's company was n't quite as pacifying as it used to be - purring from her place on the bed or following on those few occasions when avery left her room .
it was radiant and delicate and ephemeral against the sharply defined backdrop of black , sullen , winter - set trees looking wholly out of place yet completely a part of the environment .
` ` i have features in place on my pc that make it virtually impossible for anyone to find me , even ordering online as i do . ''
once inside , he slammed the door shut and thumbed the locks into place , then dangled her keys from his fingers .
ellie bit back a growl as she turned from her place in the back of the van to look at daniel , sitting in the driver 's seat .
ellie was careful to touch nothing more than she had to , then was meticulous about putting everything she did touch back in its proper place .
she picked the lock on the drawer , collected the notes , used baird 's copier to copy them and returned the originals to their rightful place .
she shook her head decisively as she twitched one of indio 's shirts into place over the drying rack .
he watched as the cart trundled into place and felt a surge of satisfaction in a job well done .
he laid the pendant in its place beside her sisters .
she lay flat on her back and he rose over her , having kept his place even as he 'd repositioned them .
he pressed his legs between hers , widening her thighs until there was a place for his hips , and settled himself on her .
it was as if something clicked into place - a missing piece he had n't even known he lacked - and he knew , suddenly and completely , that marrying hero was the right thing to do .
soot , the home 's black cat , got up from his place in front of the hearth and stretched before padding off in search of mice .
sudden silence descended on the hall as reynaud pivoted in place , the light reflecting off the ugly scars snaking through his tanned skin .
once in the tower , he knelt and set her in her favorite place on the rug before the fire .
she held it up so he could creep beneath and resume his place against her back .
all the various pieces of her life - her world - were in their correct places , all aligned in harmony .
melisande had had the bed removed from her room altogether , and now the pallet took up pride of place against the wall between the windows .
that alliance would be very suitable , and since jane 's older sister , eliza , had already accepted the hand of mr . hampton , things were falling into place quite neatly .
rebecca carefully straightened the silverware at her place , aware that her answer was n't quite right .
the targets in place , the last footman began to walk toward the shooting party .
as everyone around her checked their ammo and clicked magazines into place , her gaze strayed to the three vehicles on the other side of the unheated space .
when his black eyes absorbed the scene in front of him , d 's expression did n't even change , but his voice was unusually bite - free as he murmured , ` ` fail - safes are in place . ''
d left his place by the railing and joined them at the table , plopping his big body in a chair .
it 'll take more than a week to get the kind of cover in place that we 'd need for this to work .
` ` tell me about the cover you ' ve got in place . ''
the man was average height , with angular , rodentlike features and a thick black mustache that looked completely out of place on his thin face .
we ' ve got a good cover in place , and i ' m sure he did a thorough background check . ''
he simply stood at his customary place by the fireplace , his black eyes unreadable .
can i have the rest of the cast involved in the end of this scene in their places side stage please ? ''
fifteen minutes until places .
i jumped forward to help shove the empty canisters back into the places we had removed them from .
jessica knelt by my side as another canister slid into place .
i shrugged the shirt back on and slid the buttons into place .
a loud popping sound rent the air as the joint was wrenched out of place and i was knocked on my ass .
the team takes out the terrorist cell and along the way , whitney 's men are in place to make certain ekabela gets a ghostwalker to torture endlessly in return for the diamond . ''
he was used to the aftermath of teleporting , the sheer exhaustion and the pain as bones and tissue realigned , as if somehow , they had n't all quite found their rightful places back in his body .
thorn slipped into place beside him , lying on her belly , her eyes watching the enemy force fan out and disappear into the brush .
he claimed he would have a man in place to kill you the moment the diamond is in his hand , but you know he would n't .
i 'll need to leave for a short period of time to make certain everything is in place . ''
at five meters they both went down to one knee to place covering fire - rapidly aimed shots - at the swarming army of angry soldiers , giving the other two teams a chance to pull back .
firefly has our ride in place .
they were hunched low , running to get in place before rose 's normal time to sit outside .
kane waited until the boat slipped into place at the north end of the pier , just feet away from where the divers had emerged , before surfacing .
lucas , you in place ?
the team moved into place as the ropes dropped .
she shoved all that aside and took her place outside , waiting for the go - ahead from kane .
each piece has to fall into place for it to work .
mack moved into place , checking that each of his men was in the optimum location to follow sergeant major 's progress when he arrived and spot anyone tailing him .
everything 's in place .
get back here and get into place .
it was not in the usual place by the jutting rock , which meant he probably had it .
there was no doubt that dunbar had his cover already in place should any suspicion fall on him .
each room was immaculate , everything in its place .
jess tended to toss his clothes over the backs of chairs or onto the nightstand , but everything else was in place .
he locked his chair into place and glanced over at her to make certain she was settled .
coverings slid into place over the windows , thick steel to prevent the gas canisters and attackers from entering .
an assassination squad was moving into place , and they would be trying to reduce any numbers against them .
` ` no matter what , we had to put that tracking device in place .
mari 's room was stark , not a thing out of place .
their team had to be in place .
and violet thinks she 's safe because she managed to get her own team in place .
the bucket seemed out of place to her with all the tools .
he was doing the exact same sequence over the top of her as they exchanged places .
the office was finished , walls in place , a beautiful one - of - a - kind desk that she suspected jack had built , piles of papers , and a box containing a brand - new computer .
briony realized only an enhanced person could move the door , another guard in place for the brothers .
he had a good idea where the last killer was hiding and was working his way around to get in place behind him .
before he could move into place to grab the man , he heard the sound of a boat coming toward them fast .
you 're hearing clicking with each number you pass , and then you hear just a little less clicking when one of the tumblers has fallen into place .
and tumblers , because they 're spring - loaded , always spring out of place , not into place , when left to themselves .
because she 's psychic , she actually takes pleasure when she intuits the tumblers falling into place .
` ` so as near as i can tell , she 's psychokinetically moving the tumblers into place in the same kind of reflexive fashion .
it does n't get slowed down by her thinking mind ; she 's getting instantly rewarded by a jolt of pleasure from her nervous system every time she moves one of the tumblers into place .
and when all the tumblers are in place ... well , that 's why she laughed with such exuberance when the door swung open .
dahlia walked with nicolas around the cabin to the front entrance where a new door and frame were already in place .
his plan was in place , and nothing would stop him now .
zev signaled his pack to move forward into place .
that means the plan is already in place .
the large oaf of a lycan maneuvering his way behind zev had finally gotten himself in place .
` ` you do realize , '' fen pointed out , ` ` gunnolf and convel had to be working with someone else for a long time to put a takeover in place and when we stumbled across the same rogue pack heading for the carpathian mountains , we actually walked right into their opening move . ''
he put the bed in place with a thick mattress and soft sheets .
` ` women hunted before the sacred code was put in place .
damon cursed and slid his rifle once more into place .
she had to move into place above the shadow , very close without touching it , and above and around her put both safeguards back .
when she was certain the top layer of his safeguard was in place and appeared just as she remembered it , she began to weave the glimmer directly overhead and so close there was barely room for even her spirit to maneuver .
he led fen and dimitri through the forest up into the higher mountains , outdistancing the elite lycan hunters , knowing they had to get in place to protect the cave from the marauding wolves .
he whirled around and stormed back to his place in the front of the lycan packs , his shoulders square and his jaw set stubbornly .
time that is movement , root them , hold each within their place , let all now be frozen so no further harm may take place .
` ` agreeing to a date felt like putting the pieces into place to make plan a move forward without permission . ''
he wondered what that little trick cost michael to put in place .
she searched around the curtains , noticed a few dead eight - legged prey , and quickly lowered the shades back to their original place .
neil moved into the backyard , looked around , and found nothing out of place .
` ` if the man following us thinks some of his toys are still in place he 'll hear only the information i want him to . ''
neil finished pumping the gas and returned the spout while she took her place in the car .
carter took his place at the bottom of the stairs and waited .
she quickly stepped behind him and slid the deadbolt in place .
they will wire all the doors and windows and place cameras in common rooms and hallways . ''
instinct told her to move back , but she kept her feet planted in place .
her eyes met his and she leaned over the table , planting both hands firmly in place .
dakota looked up only to have valerie place a hand to her head and push it back down .
if a reservation for my room is in place , please let me know so i can move .
even though deon screamed out monica kept pulling his leg , feeling as best she could through his skin as the bone attempted to move back into place .
the femur was closer to being in place , but not right .
jack moved and jessie shot back , letting the drapes fall into place .
she swept her feet from the coffee table , tossed the bag of chips in their place , and started toward the kitchen .
jake gave a curt nod and moved to the place between his girls to help .
raine needed to move the chess pieces in place for the queen to take her throne .
liz found her feet planted firmly in place and listened .
when he emerged with his kilt in place , mantle properly hung with his sword at his hip , fin felt more at ease than he had since they 'd arrived .
fin broke away from his place and stepped forward , wrapping his arms around her .
the hostess was elaborately dressed in peasant garb , but the colors were too vivid and the adornments of ribbons were out of place .
with the others taking their places , amber spread the lavender and cast the circle .
duncan led durk to his place along the rope separating the riders his nostrils flared in anticipation of his flight .
she avoided his eyes as he put his belongings in place for the night .
grainna stopped , motionless in her place .
curiously , i follow him , watching him begin to unload the items , putting the milk in the fridge and going straight to where the sugar belongs , sliding it into place .
everything is neat and tidy and exactly in place .
i look around and everything in the suite seems to be in place .
everything has its place , its file , its slot .
i punch at a button on the wall on the way down and simultaneously , lights come on in the tunnel and hades slides back into place above me .
he 's as out of place on that porch as anyone i ' ve ever seen .
we make our way back inside , and sit at our places .
if i close my eyes , i can still hear the sound it made when it slid into place every night before bed .
camille greene stands elegantly in the woodshop , as out of place among the dust and wood shavings as maxwell had been on the porch .
and then , as the clouds and smoke moved and parted , we saw the sun and the moon separate , moving back into their rightful places in the sky .
she itched to pick up the pens and arrange them in their place and pull the ink - bedabbled cloth for washing .
angelica tensed behind him and voss edged backward to keep her in place , ignoring the flash of a pang in his shoulder .
the ominous thuds of footsteps reached the top of the stairs by the time the bed was in place against the heavy door .
settling into place with two - perhaps three - bottles of the stuff .
she heard the sound of the door closing behind her , and of the metal bolt being shoved into place with its familiar , ominous snick .
we dracule heal so quickly , of course , and so i made a place for the medallions of protection - i have one on my back as well , of course - by cutting a place for it in my skin .
by the time he had it in place the force of the others on the opposite side had the door surging in its hinges .
he climbed back into his place on the mattress , noting that the blankets were still warm from where he 'd lay moments earlier , but that her hand had crept away from her cheek and now lay just beneath his pillow .
she eased herself into place and his eyes fairly rolled back into his head as they fit together in a shaft of pure pleasure .
slowly she eased away from the warm place on the bed , the last remnants of her pleasure evaporating , leaving her shaky and confused .
she gently put the frame back in its place , and with hands that trembled , she opened the nightstand drawer .
feeling like pandora , she hesitantly inserted the key into the lock and heard a soft click as the key slid into place .
the puzzle pieces clicked into place for sam .
the punishment angel screamed as he tried to lunge forward , but there was no place for him to go .
` ` as i said , i do n't want you to suffer , but other plans are already in place .
mateo had been the one to put the charms and protections in place .
a bolt slid into place , locking her and duncan in the room .
the privacy shield was already in place , completely blocking them from reese 's scrutiny .
the barres were all in place .
skye had other lovers , so you had to put a plan in place .
` ` make sure the guards are in place , '' trace directed .
all of the plans were already in place .
he had a damn fine plan in place .
` ` piece of cake , '' jasmine murmured as she slid her little packet of tools back into place on her ankle once more .
` ` now we have plans to put in place .
i had assumed he was in his place behind the main house , but i guess not .
he pushed the last bin back into place on the bench and studied the walls .
he pushed up and was able to transfer his left hand to a place on the stick above his right , scraping the skin off his knuckles and the back of his hand .
with jonathan 's added muscle , it got easier and easier to transport the materials and get them in place .
the guys put the table in place , and sarah carefully placed the cushions around it .
once i had a lifeplan in place , i started making smart decisions - decisions that amounted to investments in my future .
the floor switches places with the ceiling and i yelp in fright .
set up the ventilation system , got the drugs all in place for him .
each item was perfectly in place .
half of them had already been framed and had glass set in place .
they had n't realized the guy meant he had an escape plan in place .
tina yanked her shirt into place and hauled up her jeans .
she did turn the lock into place .
she 'd had a plan in place .
everything seemed to be in place .
the bio that sydney had put in place for him .
` ` i ' ve got a spell in place to keep you out .
he sheathed his cock , rolling the condom quickly into place .
blood loss like that- ` ` in return , he put a spell shield in place for me .
then he heard the sound of a bolt sliding into place .
` ` two transmitters are in place on you now . ''
made sure no trip wires were in place .
` ` i think our boy had an escape plan in place , but i do n't think he 'll run forever . ''
extra security procedures had been put into place by the administrations .
i was just trying to get things in place ... '' ` ` in place ? ''
nothing looked disturbed or out of place or- she was n't alone .
nothing in the house was out of place .
the bomb had been in place , so , yeah , it figured he 'd have a vehicle around too .
the pieces were clicking into place .
taking a chance , she hurried from her hiding place and ran to the front of the pool house .
in the front room i find everyone gathered , the scene so out of place i ' m starting to think it 's just a hallucination .
resigned to this , i stand and put the pill back in its place .
she clinks the pot back in place just as james calls my name .
realm pushes the kid nearest to him over and grabs a chair for me , sliding it in its place .
kevin enters after us , taking his place at the back of the room .
everything was in its place .
those of us not meeting at tessa 's house before the dance should have the equipment in place at the gym prior to her arrival .
` ` if you ask me , '' began kent , ` ` the humans have a good chance of getting those laws put in place .
` ` the extremists might just win this fight and have the laws put in place . ''
shaya watched as , without the humans ' knowledge , their hunters began to move into place until the large group was loosely circled as they walked , giving them no avenues of escape when the attack finally began .
not simply because of his very masculine oak furniture , but because it was obsessively neat and everything seemed to have its own place .
she hopped inside her chevy and cursed as she saw that the keys were gone from their usual place behind the visor .
jaime did n't move from her place near the closed door , determined to be one of the first to see the baby when someone finally allowed them in .
dexter hissed from his place on the sofa , his scales now red once more .
from his place beside antonio , luther spoke .
i followed her into the living area of my apartment where a large oval - shaped mirror stood , totally out of place .
the dark - skinned male took a place at the bottom of the bed .
the woman , having taken a place on my left while the other male was at my right , rolled up my sweater , and gasped at the sight of the empathy belly pregnancy stimulator .
it was n't long before chico was once again in front of them , and max and butch had taken a place on either side of them .
as a feral - looking pagori leaped at salem - i guessed it was the same vampire that had put salem on his back in the first place - i pushed my shield outward , encompassing salem .
` ` and once you put your creative plan in place they 'll be on their knees begging for forgiveness and your help . ''
i have additional security measures in place , including a stronger shield over the hollow so that no one may teleport there until i have removed it .
as bennington 's vamps got close , i peered up at max who was watching me from his place on the understory layer , waiting for my signal to act .
he stood in his usual place behind the council table , scowling at everything that was said .
the earth rumbled slightly as the tree 's legs took their place among their neighbors - other trees and plants nearby .
i had just enough time to get in place with my legs spread wide in fighting stance before they rushed me .
i looked up at the front and saw that the council was already in place on the raised platform of seats set in a semi - circle in front of the audience chairs , some of the members talking to one another , and others just looking at the crowd .
butterflies flitted from one flower to the next , staying in place for a few seconds before moving on to another temporary landing pad .
in their places were posters of rock bands .
i set the table , deliberately dropping the douchebag 's utensils on the ground and stepping on them before putting them at his place .
the big door opened and the guy i had nicknamed robin hood stepped through , nodding to dardennes as he took his place among the fae . ` `
hitting the lifter on my hoverstep , i slid it into place on the truck and then climbed onto the seat next to it .
we finished filling our crate , left it in the proper place and squeezed onto the cart .
ry , from his place at the table , was also frowning - at both our uninvited guests .
garek gave radolf a look from his place at the table .
we can have a team in place by tomorrow . ''
teeg grinned at me as i watched his three helpers lift the island into place .
arvil was smiling from his place at the head of the table - his heir was making everybody happy tonight , except herself .
just make sure that everything is in the right place .
flight plan to escala in place .
i scowl back at him , hastily restore my panties to their rightful place , and stand with as much dignity as i can muster in my just - fucked state .
it has pride of place on my desk .
he releases my hand , leaving it in place over his heart .
` ` you will get used to it , '' christian interrupts my reverie as he resumes his place at the table .
the table is upright and a new vase is in place with a gorgeous array of pale pink and white peonies .
the spare playroom key is in its usual place in the cabinet in the utility room .
` ` okay , now , remember , you set this in front of master jax at the exact moment marcus here , '' she waved to a tal young guy i 'd not met yet , ` ` places mrs . stone 's in front of her .
he shrugged and took his place down by her feet .
` ` oh , um ... we 're ready for y' all to take your places on the beach now .
it would be a few more months before it could be returned to its rightful place .
with her face firmly fixed in his mind , he closed the box and put it back in its place , sliding the drawer shut .
once i ' ve asserted my protection and put a few measures in place , no one will dare touch you .
she heard the door close and something heavy fall into place .
he retrieved the dustpan from the closet , and then he held it in place so that julianne could sweep up the last bit of shards .
her room was clean , and everything was in its place .
my sad thin black hair was teeming with jealousy as val struggled with four bobby pins to keep the sheer weight of her hair from pulling the bun out of place .
i nuzzled my cheek against his chest and slid my hand across his rigid abdomen before digging my fingers into his left side , just enough so that my arm stayed in place .
giving into his supplicating magic , the tree seemed to decide against flattening them and eerily creaked its way back into place upon its roots , the bark around its base magically healing until it stood strong as ever .
every year a six - foot christmas tree took pride of place in front of the sitting room window .
marco gave me a loving look from his place in the doorway and then strode inside to say good night to his son .
she slipped the blade back to its usual place in her boot .
studying tessa now , he was struck by how painfully out of place she looked .
although , when they entered , he saw his clothing was even more out of place than it had been in the arena .
` ` this dress makes me look fat , '' i told jasmine as we stood near the back of the crowd and watched the last - minute preparations fall into place .
they shut the door , and i heard a heavy lock slide into place .
guards were already in place to restrain my arms , probably having anticipated my reaction .
marcus left early , once he and i had our arrangements in place for the trip to tempe .
if the bonds weakened or someone moved a stake out of place , strigoi would be able to come through .
alicia shattered another mirror , and this time , i had an invisible shield squarely in place to protect him .
they had cameras and satellite info on the warriors ' compound , as well as scouts already in place on - site , reporting back with information on the warriors ' state of affairs and security measures .
mick crespain 's lap was vacant , and usually kizzy 's imagination would have slid her phantom right into place there , br**sts resting on knuckles and all , but not today .
she hooked her arm through jack husk 's , laying her fingers lightly on the velvet nap of his sleeve , and walked beside him , noticing as she turned that the old man 's dog was not in his place on the porch .
she outgrew the little iron cage and was n't sorry for that , but she also outgrew her place on her ba'thrishva 's hip , and day by day the queen seemed to have less use for her .
akiva and liraz were still in their place far ahead , and zuzana and mik were up ahead , too , not far , but safely clear of the whiplash from that wingbeat .
it was the steel that akiva looked to when he scanned the assembly of soldiers , and here is what he saw : the hands of his brothers and sisters hung awkward , because they were deprived of their usual place atop their sword pommels .
that i would risk every plan i have put in place , and for what ?
and this clicked into place for scarab .
her amateur eyebrow had slunk back to its resting place , where it stayed during the remainder of their transaction , an apostrophe humbled to a comma .
the bed looked out of place .
nightingale 's gift had been unwrapped and given its proper place , and when akiva brought karou to the home he 'd made for her - a place out of fantasy , so perfect that she forgot how to breathe and had to learn again in a hurry - his wish had all but come true already .
yes , i remember now - operators on the streets will , for two copper lunes , place painted stones before a child and then tell him about his personality .
a panel in the wall slides out of place .
` ` like , i told him that we had a really awesome plan in place , '' kenji says , pointing at me .
charlie turned and said something to the driver , who nodded and reentered the limo , moving it to a place in the shade .
sarah moved from her place on the porch swing to an attempted nonchalant pose on the couch in the living room .
a string of gold light snaps into place around our hands , squeezing so tight it feels like it 's slicing into our skin .
he ducked a shoulder under one leg , and slowly rose , grunting with effort as he shifted the burden to a solid resting place across his back .
he gestured politely for her to sit first , before taking his own place , crosslegged on the hard dirt floor .
mac dubh never took his place on the hearth , even when he told them the long stories from the books that he 'd read - the adventures of roderick random , the history of tom jones , a foundling , or everyone 's favorite , robinson crusoe .
the innkeeper was watching , from his place near the door , peering over major grey 's shoulder .
taken his place on the platform and heard the words of crime and sentence pronounced , without really listening .
he was naked , his back turned to me as he stood in front of the chamber pot he had just pulled from its resting place beneath the washstand .
` ` she was meant to have the cellar door open and the ramp in place at ten sharp - we havena got long to get everything unloaded .
ian 's breath was coming fast ; i could hear it from my place behind the sofa .
` ` i ' m the artemis 's surgeon , captain leonard , '' i said , from my place in the doorway .
a quick glance , to see that i was in place , and she headed for the gangway .
little by little , the small rectangle of wood edged out of its place , until i could get hold of it between thumb and forefinger and pull it all the way loose .
fortnum twisted a side - curl into place and slung his coat over one shoulder .
it did n't matter if it took a little doing for her and roger to find their places .
a missing tooth allowed all those near it to shift out of place , altering the bite and making chewing much less efficient .
the ants in the ball were moving , slowly , so that they changed places constantly , and while one or two near the edge of the mass were motionless , possibly dead , the majority were clearly in no immediate danger of drowning , supported by the bodies of their fellows .
i pressed his hand against the curve of my hip , keeping it in place .
i stopped myself , but the officer gestured to me to go ahead , and i pulled it carefully from its resting place , drew the cork , and moved the bottle warily past my nose .
she did dust and sweep in the study , but she never moved anything from its place .
i still had my other hand in his mouth , keeping the tongue and uvula out of the way , a finger on the site of the ex - adenoid , marking my place .
rollo , sensing some disturbance among his pack , got up from his resting place and padded over to rachel .
then , keeping his hands in place , he had raised one thick forefinger and begun to tap , delicately , in a slow , regular rhythm , his finger rebounding each time as though he were striking a piano key .
angels unaware roger had no idea who the tall man with the good horse was , but it was crystal clear what he was , both from the deferential manner of the maclarens and from the way in which his companions fell naturally into place a step behind him .
she broke the gun and thumbed two more shells into place .
swallowing repeatedly , she went to the lobby and got the shotgun from its place behind the coat rack .
ian had brought along my saddlebags , which he 'd dumped in the corner of the room before going off with rollo to find his own sleeping place .
someone was trying to pull my hands away , and i struggled to keep them in place , keep pressing , but my arms had no strength and i saw one hand hanging limp as they lifted it , the nails outlined black with blood , fingers coated scarlet , dripping .
he pulled a chair into place .
i paused for a moment to admire the neat compactness of the pelvic organs , all in their places .
jamie 's rifle was gone from its place behind the door .
backing up everything he 'd said , including the boyfriend remark , jacqueline leaned her back to my chest , held my arms in place round her midriff , and gave her account - how buck had shoved her into the truck and shut the door behind them .
as she backed her truck down the driveway , i waved goodbye to carlie and charles , sliding my sunglasses into place .
i watch as she takes her place in line .
i put it into place .
as soon as we are in place , the minister nods to the small string orchestra that sits off to one side of the front of the church .
there were even sunglasses in one drawer , so i grab a pair and slide them into place .
` ` if you- '' ` ` daddy , just go , '' lilly said from her place on the carpet .
he tipped his head , gesturing to a place against the wall .
he was glaring murderously at sebastian from his place against the wooden support beam .
i watched as he easily pulled the stakes from their place deep in the rock , freeing bo 's body .
i do n't move , so my father walks to me and takes the phone from my fingers , sliding it into place in his pocket .
as if sensing my eyes on him , jake looks up from his place near the water and his gaze collides with mine .
i scoot to my place in the bed and lift an arm , waiting for her to curl up against me , which she does .
` ` wow , '' i say as i take my customary place leaning against the jamb , watching her .
when i heard the kitchen door open and close then the lock slide into place , i expected derek to come back into the living room , but he did n't .
i saw leaves rise from their place on the clearing floor and drift into the air , spinning and twirling wildly all around me .
my body stayed in place , but my head had twisted to the side with the blow , and i closed my eyes out of reflex .
jared and tate were already in place up on the track and had a crowd of people around them , including k.c . , who must ' ve come back from her school in arizona for the weekend .
but everything needed to be in its place with her .
jared was talking to his mom 's new husband - madoc 's dad - about getting a restraining order in place for when our father was released from prison .
let 's just go now until we can get the restraining order in place . ''
her pen , clipped to the top of the journal , held her place , and i saw a journal entry .
i 'd decided to put it in the same place on my arm as grant 's .
i slid into place next to her , and i could feel her tension from a mile off .
the yellow gemstone mocked her from its place in the locket .
a hush fell over the crowd just as hayden got the equipment secured into place , and liz bit down on her lip hard in anticipation .
i know that we already have the skeleton in place , but now that we have the nomination , he wants it all finalized . ''
the campaign would be over and she would have to fall into place somewhere else on the paper .
she could see the pieces of the puzzle laid out before her as to how to fix this situation , but instead of moving them into place she tossed them off to the side .
his arm held the back of her legs easily in place to keep her from moving as he opened the back door of his lexus .
she stepped into the dress and pulled the zipper into place .
she could see that his brain was ticking away , putting the pieces together , fitting things into place .
manicured lawns , everything in place .
lift her shirt , see bruises already forming on her ribs , something looking out of place .
i shimmy down his body until i feel the thick round head of his cock at my entrance , but then he tenses and grips my hips to free me in place .
` ` doing it our way '' by gloriana comes on , both fitting and painfully out of place .
so i bend , find the scrap of material that she calls underwear and lift it for her , tug it into place , and then do the same for her jeans .
i tug , tug , and she lets me , not moving , breathing deeply and slowly as i get her jeans into place .
i pull my boxers into place and zip my jeans , button them .
when they were all in their place , when he could run his hands over their spines , taking one off the shelf to read or re - read , they were the most serene reflection of his internal state .
he tried not to think , tried to loosen his concentration from its moorings , allow the blade to just make its marks , letting himself stay unsure of what the final assemblage would be until he put the last slice into place .
' and a raise for you , ' george said , watching the delivery men move the printer into place .
she took it down and hung the tile in its place .
behind them , the red - headed marine shuffled back into place , guarding a cabin that was now empty but for a sleeping dog .
as the ship glided gracefully into place , many of the women exclaimed loudly at how such a huge ship could fit through the lock ; others exclaimed rather more vigorously at the smell , pressing white handkerchiefs to their glowing faces .
he stared up at the picture of the king , which took pride of place on the wall , then took his place next to jones , preparing to file out of the wardroom .
beyond the door the students were shuffling into place , dragging chairs under desks , arranging pencils in front of them .
he was just in time to see his car bunny - hopping its way forward from its place in front of the cabin , and along the curved gravel drive .
then she turned , her hand on the back of her neck , establishing what had taken place .
they exchange polite smiles , and the woman takes a place on the highest shelf , carefully spreading her towel beneath her .
when she arrives , he is already sitting at a table , oddly out of place among the construction workers in his paul smith jacket and soft , pale shirt .
but she had already lifted it reverently from its place , and as i stood gaping at him , she placed it carefully on my head , tucking my hair behind my collar .
she heated a cup of milk , and as i held it ( i could n't drink it ) , she unhooked our tin bath from its place on the wall and put it on the floor , in front of the range .
a soldier took his place opposite me , his rifle resting in the crook of his elbow .
he sat down , looking somehow out of place in his ironed shirt .
i had begun to put in place a website about the development that local people would be able to access , should they have any questions about it , or want to be considered for employment if it came off .
the gleaming , twelve - foot - high hoardings looked out of place on the near - deserted stretch of beach , and highlighted the shabbiness of the silver bay hotel , whose peeling paint and stripped weatherboard now appeared a badge of pride .
nobody talked about the little boat , once its resting place on the sea - bed had been established .
hannah dropped her spoon with a clatter , leapt from her place at the table and threw her arms round her mother 's neck .
' the ramp is in place .
go shopping , unless all the shops had got their statutory ramps in place .
i think if you grow up as he had done , with wealthy parents , in a nice house , if you go to good schools and nice restaurants as a matter of course , you probably just have this sense that good things will fall into place , that your position in the world is naturally an elevated one .
i saw the bed before i saw him ; it dominated the room with its mahogany wood , its quaintly flowered quilt and pillows weirdly out of place in that setting .
she spat from her place at the stove .
kissing my cheek , my dad then left my side to take his place at the head of the altar .
she had abandoned her place on the couch with aj where they had been watching movies .
once i was in place , i took his erection in my hand and guided him to my ready entrance .
my mother makes certain that things are never left undone or unfinished , that everything is always in its rightful place .
dr . rosario crosses her right leg over her left , dangling her three - inch platform shoe in place .
every rose planted in its rightful place .
why everything just falls out of place and seems screwed up eighty percent of the time .
i assume everything was in place ? ''
we trade places so the backs of my legs are pressed against the bed .
i ' ve been concerned about the place his head would be , but now i ' m not .
i move my hand back into place over her stomach and hold her hand tightly as she attempts to pull it away again .
i fasten the clasp so the butterfly is returned to its rightful place in the dip of avery 's throat and i ' m reminded of the old saying .
nothing appeared out of place and it felt like a museum except for the occasional family photo scattered here and there .
i got into my car and watched all the spectators take their places at the finish line .
i straightened and felt my balls descend back to their proper place .
ben shot up from the couch , tugging his athletic shorts into place .
` ` she winced when she sat down on the couch like she was in pain or something and her hair is all messy and out of place .
i look down at myself , wondering if something is out of place .
i sigh , thinking back to the sight of him in my kitchen making me breakfast this morning wearing nothing but sweats that hung low on his waist in a sinfully delicious place .
i squirm a bit to find a comfortable place , but i feel his thick bulge beneath me and there is no place to hide with my legs spread so widely over him .
i ignore his comment and take my place in front of the class .
brick pillars hold two large wrought iron gates in place .
instead , i hover over her , one hand on the side of her head holding myself steady in place , the other lifts her hand and brings it to my mouth .
we train for close to three hours , yet a hair is n't out of place when we 're done .
i settle in place , my eyes telling her i ' m serious about keeping her right where she is .
but instead of going back to her own chair , she lifts her leg up and over me , straddling my thighs , landing in the perfect place on my lap .
when i woke up in the morning , he was always gone , but he left an old pocket watch in his place in my bed .
too many pieces were fitting into place .
martin appeared on the balcony as alexander stood locked in place , watching olivia run away , now just a tiny speck .
he led her to the love seat across from the couch and helped her sit down before he took his place next to her .
` ` we have everything in place to drive a wedge between the girl and this man she 's planning on marrying .
he took his place at the altar and the processional began .
i found nik asleep in my usual place at the front of the bus .
lucy took her usual place on his other side and the television was forgotten as we made him tell us all about the tour .
i turned my head toward the back of the church as tink and axton stepped into place and could n't help gasping at the sight .
the man behind the first three pushed forward and mary beth stood to let him take her place on the edge of my bed .
` ` dude , you need to relax , '' zander mumbled from his place beside me on the couch .
` ` wroth ca n't leave the tour right now for a honeymoon , '' emmie told me as she got the last button into place and came around to face me .
as a piece of art dcor it appears intrusive , out of place .
do n't worry about it i think this 'll be fun , he kicked a stone into place .
jairn the gemcutter held a place next to the elder 's repository , where they stored the village histories and taught lessons .
easing himself onto a blanket near the back of the speakers turn , old nerlin sat in his usual place , muttering to himself as he always did .
she nodded feeble from her place on the floor as najima rounded the corner before waving her hand with her grin .
and then the day came when we got word from takeshi that all of the cowboy units were in place and ready .
ideally ill go in alone , and the rest of you will act as reinforcements to help control any rogue clones that might appear or try and block any of my attacks , i said , and they all nodded , taking their places , fingers ready and waiting at their terminals .
` ` i ca n't play hutt ball , ca n't play rodian roulette , and i ca n't go out for any team where there is the slightest chance i could even get a hair out of place .
i open the back seat and place cheries suitcase into the back .
the plan is in place .
iv established , kawli tube in place in the main bronchus with a res - solution mist going .
he took his place next to shepard at the head of the console .
garrus had stood and took his place next to her , his hand resting on the butt of his rifle .
get the geth in place a few hours before the departure window opens up ill transmit additional details via datapad .
grasping the cold , thick metal of the weapon with both hands now , his fingers fell into place on the trigger almost unconsciously .
nodding with renewed energy , liara took her place with javik close to the rocks .
osiris had already taken his place at the edge of the shallow depression and was illuminating it with his searchlight .
between their great trunks stood a different tribute that had been secured in place by the strength of krogan workers .
following her instruction , i then fixed my badge on my top pocket - the place for all identification badges .
this contraption certainly looked fantastically impressive , and to my mind , it certainly would not have looked out of place if it were sitting on the bridge of some exotic space ship even though i had no idea of its function or purpose .
once in place , the sheriff waved to the crane operator and they slowly descended thirty feet into the hole .
the doors seemed oddly out of place , as if they were new additions to the structure .
all the pieces were in place .
everything in place ?
he then scanned the bedroom looking for anything that might be out of place .
it all seemed so strange and out of place with bits of pieces that did nt fit into any equation .
he swivelled around in the leatherback chair and gazed out the high - flown windows as he tried to assemble each piece of the bizarre puzzle into their rightful places .
the sabotage operation was in place because the bureaus powers - that - be were terrified by the new growth projections .
the new goalposts were now in place .
oh yeah , he expects us to have a demobilization and exfiltration plan in place for him and his people .
i walked to place at the head table where sini and i would sit , and for at least the fifth time in five centi , i wrapped my hand around the bottle of wine to see if it remained at the proper temperature .
shelly pressed her finger against the dials and moved the numbers into place .
shelly nodded her head and bent down into place .
the two scrambled up and justus dragged aron back and along cracking corridors , the stone beneath them shaking uncontrollably , causing furniture , displays , and portraits to fall from their places and crash into pieces upon the fracturing floor .
the screen dropped into place above them .
the containers were in place .
i glance in the window , seeing that the muscle has left ; again i start to leave my hiding place , but the front door opens , so i quickly duck into the bushes .
kat made her way around the bushes as her ult l - e dissipated , praying kim 's safety was more important than her capture , and she stepped from her hiding place , taking a big chance .
a team is already in place .
the team leader jumped behind kat from its hiding place in the rafters .
slowly she moved it in an upward position , finding a resting place in just the right spot as the blonde stopped kissing back for a moment , overwhelmed with both passion and lust .
have to have a sound plan in place before taking that risk .
under the layer of dust everything was still neatly in its place .
he was belted to his chair , which in turn was locked in its place despite its normal rotating motion , and all of his attention was focussed on his consoles and the orders barked into his headset to be relayed to his teams scattered in the ships spread of batteries .
he suspected printer already had other survival plans in place , though .
josh and hazel , both harness free , had no trouble keeping their places .
he also made sure he put his badge in a place where everyone could see it , just above the left breast pocket of his coat .
not a hair out of place on her head and that lipsticks still so flawless that i d almost think her lips were dyed that color .
as soon as the last pod is in place , you can go . '
the pod was lifted smoothly off the cradle and dillow helped guide it in place , watching the pod slide perfectly down the newly designed couplings .
crossman did n't have an answer but agreed it was out of place .
everything else seemed to be in place and it did nt look like anything of value had been taken .
the walls were stripes of bright blues , and the child - sized furniture sat neatly in place where his mother had put it as she had tidied up his room in his absence .
he took his place on the scaffolding , a little higher this time so he would nt be seen .
i noticed a very thin line that looked out of place , if it were nt for me being so close i would nt have caught it .
tara helped maya this time with the cooking , but john took his normal place outside of the circle .
he stood stomping his boots against the mat and looking over the kitchen to make sure everything was in place .
when the door was shut , he slid all seven locks into place and listened for the sounds of dominics footsteps leaving the lot .
the manservant slid a heavy bolt into place , securing the door , and heaved a quiet sigh as gordon spun his pistol round his finger before tucking it back into the concealed holster on the side of the chair .
he shook his head to clear it , and quietly pulled the heavy brass poker from its place by the fire .
chapter 2 the interior of the house left michael in a state of breathless wonder ; every piece of furniture was in its proper place to balance out the room , the carpets were free of dust and dirt , and the interior spaces seemed large to the point of extravagance .
arielle stood up from her place in the crowd .
things had fallen into place .
jd lifted off as the cargo ramp ascended to its rightful place .
murphy and channelle had finished their ritual of sniffing each other out , and had settled into their places , bowls before them .
obstacles were put in place , broken glass , greased poles , small vats of oil set afire , and others were put into place .
obstacles were put in place , broken glass , greased poles , small vats of oil set afire , and others were put into place .
he set the chairs in place .
fitting them into place , he fit the spike thrower in place of the 10 mm .
eyes on his watch , he saw kitka take up a place on a high shelf above the other bunker door .
after the last clod is in place , there 's a rustling of leaves and a small williwaw sweeps through the graveyard ripping blossoms and fresh leaves off the trees .
the bartender , malcolm , realizes he s the only other male employee in the place ; the customers are all frozen in place in their seats .
one of the middle - rank secoffs had taken her place at the security panels , looked up and figured it was his job to respond to me .
aadark placed a place of meat in front of all the commanders .
it was there on his right , a single brick jutting a tiny bit out of place .
with a last hard yank , the brick withdrew from its place .
nothing seemed out of place except for the missing coffer .
across from them , was an oddly out of place , old - fashioned conventional home inside a glass bubble , and alongside it , a series of silver platforms that rose thirty stories high .
markman stepped forward intending to find a place at the counter where he might be less obvious .
he held his place and watched the dispenser ever so slowly begin to slide .
the polished silver doors seemed out of place and opened automatically as he approached .
jax noticed markmans intent stare and held the spacecraft in place , twenty feet above street level .
the wallet wanted to turn in place in midair rather than move to the right .
markman fell to his knees but his hand remained in place over the childs injury .
excitedly he worked a book out of its place and held it carefully in one hand .
the complex silver chest plate with its gold - plated trim almost seemed out of place .
chapter five ` ` when it became clear that the dirt of terra two could be brought to life the gears of our terraforming enterprise started moving faster , putting programs in place , facilitating procedures , allocating funds , encouraging communication .
all the courses of instruction were represented and the sisters ' group advanced to their designated place and waited in silence for the ceremony to proceed .
the floor , with many new pieces of lumber in place , had a solid feel to it now .
fascista crossed the lobby and halted at the front door where he jogged in place , arms pumping vigorously .
he took his place behind the podium , looking out at the crowd over his jutting chin .
the red hollows had fought hard for their place here and they never left it unattended .
alistair and tully took their places on opposing sides of the ring .
race 1749 a , the coordinator called , hustling the competitors into place as the endurance race ended and a judge began to hand out prizes .
zeke yelled somethingeli could only see his lips movingbut spike spun in place , whip - like tail lashing dirges face .
he was barely in place when he heard the scuff of hurried boots on the stairs above him .
finally , ami came back to lead them to their places .
aquillis was laughing , catching her hand from the other side to keep her in place .
she put joeys brightbox in its place beside the potted plant and the fishbowl .
she stood in place when the task was done , one arm hanging off the seat back , her eyes not meeting the box .
the pain was intense , but to my amazement the bone went right into place .
the ground shook when the telescope realigned ; creaking and groaning as the humungous lens moved into place .
an earsplitting screech sounded as parts collided and gears shifted into place .
at least you have your deal in place , i have to wait and see whether the bank will press charges against me now said kate .
had to ... to restrain her ... mackie held her place for a moment , and then let go of her head and lowered the glock .
she turned to her abb and motioned for him to start , taking her place at the front of the lines .
nikole felt alec place his hand on the small of her back as he leaned over and picked up the suitcase shed just packed .
when everyone is ready , evens and his unit , take their place within the military convoy of trucks heading out .
the engineers have just completed leveling a dirt roadway so that their heavy equipment could be brought in place .
next , her heavily rune - etched longbow of the darkest ebony coloured wood was slid from its place across her back and placed within easy reach , leaning against the wall behind her .
you must have learnt by now that this world upon which you live is a sphere floating in the vast open void , it is kept in its place amongst the nothingness of the void by the force of the sun and balanced in some part by other forces from other suns .
the gnome in the centre then spun on his heels and walked away from where we stood , he climbed several wide stairs that i had not noticed before , and on reaching the top a large golden seat seemed to rise from the floor and when it was in its final resting place the gnome sat upon it .
there was no place to sit in the control kiosk as jdc called it , for one thing it was full of old bits of metal and what looked like half - finished sculptures , plus a lot of equipment and pipes that i did nt even begin to understand the purpose of .
serinae was adorned in her chain armour , her swords and bow about her person in their usual places .
from what i have read i believe that the civil war was a hard struggle it ended without any clear winner , you all saw the defences that surround this city , defences put in place to defend against other ognods rather than any other army .
the view showed a large docking door in place on the underside of the asteroid and , as adrian watched , lights came on around the rim of the portal , glittering off of a large black column that began to emerge from within .
every time she found herself thinking of him as just another robot he would do something out of place , and likewise when she began to see him as something alive .
andra and osh , had not been seen yet , the sandjar , were far too busy , to have spotted them , in their hiding place .
anais was not at his usual place at the head of the column , he rode beside the high priestess ' huge wagon .
i will wait , until i have everything in place , the cleansing will begin .
with the tribe 's usual efficiency , everything was in place very quickly and all was made ready for the time of mating .
inside the queen was busy , tidying up and putting things in their proper place .
the table and chair were still in place , all was the same , nothing had moved .
darken placed the small figure back on the table , carefully adjusting it until he was satisfied that it was in its proper place ; he stood back and looked at the table .
the king watched the handmaiden place the tray on a small table next to obec , she poured two cups of steaming liquid , then she bowed and left the tent .
another hour went by and as israel was working on the next few words ; with antigravity devices the stones were lifted into place on the pyramids , circles of critically positioned magnets on a wheel spun against opposite pole magnets breaks the earths magnetic pull of gravity .
then there is a flash of light as the wound is cauterized , a plasti - flesh covering is put into place and sealed tight , the mechanical arms retracted .
the others sprang into action , removing weapons from their places and readying them .
drastic measures were put into place , known as nutrition .
these were protocols that previous captains had put in place .
the shields were holding out somehow and the turn was going to get them in place just in time .
a low bed was already in place , formed out of the ships structure as always .
naddy had , in no particular order , and in the last hour : attempted to eat his left arm realized it was futile considering his lack of teeth strained his neck muscles trying to look at his own asshole tried to pop his neck back into place considering his neck had nt been popped out of place , suffered severe damage to his spine .
naddy had , in no particular order , and in the last hour : attempted to eat his left arm realized it was futile considering his lack of teeth strained his neck muscles trying to look at his own asshole tried to pop his neck back into place considering his neck had nt been popped out of place , suffered severe damage to his spine .
rachel : see , you did nt even mess up that gorgeous dress of yours or get a hair out of place !
with everything in place on both sides , it was time to prepare for the battles .
once i d established that i could make a wall of water from floor to ceiling the plan fell into place .
returning to his place at the table , he pushed his dinner plate aside and unfurled it .
tell you what , dawn continued , since you ve been so honest with us , why do nt the four of us you , me , paul , and clare pop over to that telescope now , and fix baby in place ?
with the netting in place and this gate shut , the dolphins were cut off from the area of the lagoon at the tip of the v. by the time the men had finished these preparations many more dolphins had arrived on the scene , and now more questions were being whistled between them .
donna knew that his task was to check that the metal netting was properly in place so that it formed an impassable barrier to the dolphins .
not a brick or tile was out of place .
not a cobble stone was out of place .
he was sat at his usual place at the bar , all comms off and a cool fruit based drink in his hand .
jack took up his place at the forward bulkhead .
number threes fields were in place so he turned to face his attacker , convinced that he was safe against any blow jack was capable of inflicting .
down on springhaven , the cutters were in place and the field generators were in position .
i hope you have plans in place to improve your strike rate .
the moons colonies were given special attention as they were the perceived target ; additional shields were built and heavily armed forces were put in place .
but the traffic was so heavy it was difficult to get the other fire trucks into place .
the place looked like a perfect little world , with everything carefully drawn into place .
araklba placed his pitons and ice screws in place ; and from his anchored lines , started moving up the face of the ice cliff .
i again let out a grunt as i stretched and hoisted the new assembly into place .
our attack plan was in place ; it was time to do real damage to the enemy .
a small , out of place tree grew out of a pot on the balcony , its branches obscuring half the sliding doors and windows .
the corner of the tiled room had a large black porcelain lion head attached to the wall , looking more out of place than anything i had seen so far .
new england houses of centuries past drifted by in the warm rain and i slowed the car to a stop underneath a small stone bridge spanning the road , out of place in the real world , but not in my dream .
the stone was not nearly as smooth and the outside covering that would normally give it a sleek , flat angle had not been put in place .
everything seemed to be in its original place .
opening his eyes he stared at melrose , stopping him in place .
despite being both an outsider and a new member of the manor , pierce had found no difficulty in quietly slipping away from his place in the pub and following jane up to the meeting place .
the nuremburg laws were already well in place .
first his engraved surgical case is missing from its normal place of prominence .
the harbour masters building sat in a prominent place in the port , as busy as the waterway it controlled .
it only took him a second to figure out it had nt simply fallen there , but had been put in place deliberately .
nodding in unified comprehension they all started moving to their respective places .
when they were in place , liam and pierce rolled over the gunwale onto the deck .
the chambers were finally fully functional and ready for full - blown production on a massive scale , with everything in place at the many factories already geared up .
the pile of boulders she was working behind seemed completely out of place on the great glacier .
this building is out of place and i am out of my comfort zone .
it would take me less than a day to put into place .
it takes me three long minutes of watching her for it to click into place , and out of place .
much box shuffling later , he decided that the spares were in the best places he could manage at this stage .
dana and amelie had no time to get into their places for landing , rolled against the back of the last pair of seats and held on to the struts .
moses reached across and cancelled the command , dropping into the copilots place .
when you and mother become tired from your burdens , the lord will need to call another to grow in your places .
it initiated the emergency suspension , capturing and floating the children firmly in their places with a shield bubble about each of them to protect them .
like cobwebs in a vacant house , platforms sprang immediately into place up and around the star .
once she was in place , he reached as high as he could up the wall and positioned then chisel .
once everything was strategically in place , he slapped alex gently on the shoulder , indicating he was ready to get down .
as cole typed , what liberty saw was a series of strategically place dots .
the soldiers fell into place around him and knelt , facing outwards towards the group .
the navajo inside have helped the navajo outside to get them into good places within the city , so that , should the city bring humankind to the stars , we d be well placed to break free and go out on our own .
it oozed through the channels and found its place in the soil where it would supply nutrients to stowiks food source .
he pushed it into place underneath the hopper and began attaching a new set of plastic composite hooks to the engine to lift it into place .
imbria sat in the cockpit of the hopper in silence while stowik rearranged things that were already in their correct places .
as the time neared for her shuttle to dock , she found a vantage point near the docking port and admired the skill of the pilot as the shuttle slipped into place and was secured .
as they regained their place on par with the other engines , the others were slightly throttled back .
it was definitely ty 's office , everything neatly in place ; pencils in a new foam cup ; a couple of handbooks set in place on his reference table ; and a couple of trade journals with post - its marking articles of importance .
drastic measures were put in place to assure the survival of mankind .
and one by one , the people had drifted back to their places in the woods .
he was dressed in a long trench coat , completely out of place given the heat .
he was almost in place - directly below the four troopers .
by the time everything was in place , she had spent everything she had on this adventure .
he actually looked a little flushed with his hair falling out of place , still sticking together because of the hair gel , but managing to look a little wild .
sissik took her accustomed place on his shoulders , hiding beneath his long , dark hair and curled around his neck like a fur collar .
renn curled his lip behind the prefects back and sneered at junah , rubbing his own temple in the exact place of the mirrorsmiths injury before sliding from view .
she is an avid reader of all genres , book collector , general procrastinator and has a great zombie apocalypse plan in place thanks to a questionnaire she asked her readers to fill in for her .
it was quite out of place with its hideous display and david could nt speak , he could nt move .
she rectified this mistake ; then proceeded to put the maintenance panels in place , and prepared to power up the gate .
she tries to wiggle free to push the bed into place , but i do nt let her .
i m just hoping to see something that looks out of place .
they look completely out of place but i know its impossible .
the chain slipped and the metal swung out of place .
continuing to move the different parts of her body to find everything in place , she drew in a deep sigh of relief .
they were out of place on the rest of his still black face as he smiled , revealing two rows of razor - sharp teeth .
perched precariously on the edge of the cliff they watched the chosen pair take places on either end of the warriors circle .
still bleeding from her wounds , bellini bowed respectfully to the audience , then to the schoolmaster , before taking her place against the low back wall .
despite his broad shoulders and terran heritage , vance moved gracefully as he slid past the closing doors and took a place against the back wall .
diving down from above , a sleek , black lithid dropped into place behind her , chasing her , as she streaked across the field one hundred feet above the lakes glassy surface .
a wizened , old wyndgaart walked to the center of the stage , taking his place among the tropical flowers and smoldering spices placed around the exterior of the warriors circle .
taking her place in the center of the circle , she began her eulogy .
thank you for your kind words , keryn , the schoolmaster said , taking his place at the center of the circle again .
jimmy 's hands moved over each of the wires with practiced ease , and a low click was heard as the last wire was inserted into its correct place .
* * * telenian - bridge the crew of the telenian had no chance of resisting as they were overcome with the assault force now in place on the bridge .
in his vision , he saw the other council members standing in their assigned places .
j - ovah - kan , j - hovah - kan , j - hovah - kan , j - hovah - kan . defender , take your place in the center circle .
ghaia stepped back and walked to her place on the council chamber , looking proudly at her son .
also , it seemed to red cliff , the stars were not all in their regular places , again .
odds were all he would manage to accomplish that way would be to make matters worse or to set off whatever bombs were already in place .
so what do we do now , we still have all these bombs in place and she is nt going to stay frozen forever i d wager .
there was a simple click as the crimson cylinder snapped into place in the injector .
eliza watched everything from her place across the room , locked in the human - sized birdcage .
she glared at him from her place inside the cage , hanging from her chains .
taking his place back on his sling , magist spoke , i still believe this is rash and foolhardy , galloping off all for the sake of- magist stopped himself , shaking his head .
the entire scene seemed out of place , especially with the blue walls enclosing it and the arching ceiling overhead .
what rose in their places were thick , fluffy couches , chairs , and mahogany desks .
jakmin did n't blink , waiting for the woman 's hand to slowly resume its place on her head .
he went through hours of hell until he managed , shaken to the core , to put strong blocks in place .
her forehead was partly covered , but only to her eyebrows , and she felt autoc place the plaited cord firmly over the top of the cloth .
` ` settle it so that it 's comfortable , '' she was told , as the mage turned away to place cloth on his own head .
he turned back to the food , wondering idly if jaden played with his mind , quickly put defences in place , and , as he did , at the same moment sensed a strongly negative reaction to them .
as she did so , autoc entered her mind and erased the memory block he 'd put in place in indigo .
it 's like everything else ; it has its place and usually it 's the right way to go , but you must remember it 's not always so .
as soon as the lock had fallen into place after count , they d come for jace .
georgianna was sure that her bed at home was still in the same place it had been when she was a child .
she lifted the lid and took one of the spoons from its place in the trunk .
from his place at the bar , edtroka snorted with laughter .
no veniche person had proof that the destruction would continue without end if the pillars were not in place , but many had seen the pillars contain a mykahnol blast , georgianna included .
she nodded , not moving from her place on the bed for a few minutes , even after keiran had left , the sound of his boots against the stones fading through the echoing tunnels .
everything was fitting into place .
with the mark in place , a person 's right hand could be waved in front of a scanner using low frequency radio waves to verify the number before funds were added to or subtracted from that person 's bank account .
the digging of the pit commences , whilst another group set about finding the perfect place for the pulling fusas to be .
soon we have the rather irregular arrow in place and set off in the direction of the city , or whatever it is .
gavin slides the circuit board and other components into place then sets about screwing them in .
yes he was delighted as they arrived earlier than he was expecting and he got them in place in good time , one of the professors was well impressed with ryans maintenance , said they looked as good as new .
the familiar lights and sounds start up , soon gavin and phil can see at the end of the tunnel the collection of articles still in exactly the same place they were the last time the tunnel was fully active .
he motioned to the servant , who had resumed his place near the doors .
from his place he spotted three small openings in the floor spaced along the base of the wall , each about as long as the width of his hand and two fingers wide .
* * governor renier crossed to his chair at the head of the conference table and the two masuki flanked him , taking places on either side .
emergency fill and arresting nets are in place , and artificial grav level is being reduced to point five .
please be seated , lujan said , crossing to his place at the tables head , and when everyone sat he nodded to the lieutenant standing at the podium .
anything that looks out of place , and i want them gone .
he stood up and fixed his hair until everything was perfectly in place , and then he resumed eating in complete silence , with no news scroll or book to read .
doubts crept in about what this , i do nt know , this false structure , misguided belief system , we ve put into place .
i ca n't imagine what that was like , lugging those sections up , one at a time , and sliding them into place while a hellish ocean of corpses thrashed about below .
finally the containment field rolled into a holding cell , and when it did , the very sophisticated fields locking into place over the door , alice was about ready to die .
shards of metal still shifted around all over its torso and limbs as they apparently raced to find their places on the nascent device .
he turned on his foot , not moving his hand as it locked in place about 10 centimeters above her right shoulder .
and for the love of god , get the security field in place over that damaged door ; i wo n't to get out of this armor already .
still , alice was not so desperate that she did n't bother to put the fields back into place afterwards to hide her tracks , just as she had done when she had entered the ship .
we have certain fields in place within each of our service tunnels and elevator shafts , parka said as she cleared her throat , her voice slowing down as her words became much more audible .
a short , small , but sturdy shield that a soldier could bring into place with the touch of a button .
just as the transport beam locked onto her , snatching onto her form , that terrible light starting to break down her particles , the shield erupted into place .
it took many takes and a lot of dropped bricks , but they managed to get enough to make it look like he could actually ip a brick in the air and have it land perfectly on the wet cement , with just a tap or two of the trowel to set it in place before more cement would go on top of it .
rachel fought through the pillows to reach for the bedside lamp , but the table was in the wrong place .
^meta in place , sir.^ ^detonate ! ^ slammed hildnic , pounding his fist on his chair .
they said that they were responsible for putting that ability in place .
as soon as we are inside , we roll the boulder in place and secure it with brush and logs .
and what s worse is june will not be able to roll the boulder in place and cover the opening of the cave to secure herself .
i use both feet and every ounce of will to live to hold the boulder still , to prevent the monsters from moving it before all the logs are in place .
and what do you do but go straight to the shower people , before they could get your lease in the mail so that your warranty paperwork would be in place .
while this morning felt no different than any other , in the back of her mind remained the sheer agony that had come with twisting her knee out of place .
four recruits with their heads shaved just like his had stood in their places , ready to spew out phrases that had been taught to them .
his bare foot hanging in mid air seemed out of place to savannah given that he still wore his best working clothes .
he resumed his attacks and after a few seconds , the creature was able to back away again , because this time the rope was only entangled in a few places of that creature 's wing .
* * * thirty - six years ago all of the elements are already in place , korliss !
the ugly with his blind out of place saw , on the milky screen , the dim image of the fat , bearded ugly who had earlier whipped the three boys .
reluctantly stepping outside her cell , she took her place in line among the other detainees .
once in place , he simply climbed over the fence with ease .
the craft lifted off the ground , displacing a small cloud of sand as it pivoted in place .
the six bombs that were said to have destroyed humurom and bozlin still sat in their places , unused but blamed for so much .
i got up , got stud back in place on my back , and started for bozlin .
she moved away from the filing cabinets , found a place to sit on the floor near the door , removed the music box from her pocket , and opened its lid .
the secured door seemed so out of place .
he watched in helpless horror as the grating whined loose of its moorings and bent , ever so slightly , out of its place .
sahra could see where the filters that were supposed to block skin flakes , hair and other bits of fluff were not set in their proper place .
everything in its place .
one by one , vent guards fell from their places .
they got what they needed off the fah'ti , then decided to send it back in to place .
we straightened our uniforms and patted our gooey hair , as if any of it could have come out of place through the junk .
i have something prepared , just a minute , simon said as he breezed past jim ; and then he pulled down on a handle and a fridge and oven - that were hidden in the walls - slid into place .
that means he and others are timulting to put my ideas in place .
in their places are , well , nothing .
koestler stood in her usual place nearby .
yes , rackenfauz said , right after we get the explosives in place .
he took a place near the door beside star .
she resumed her place on the mattress alongside winston , who slumbered on in the depths of inactive mode .
frustrated , i tried to twist and turn to get at them , but felt a cold metal rod glide across my back , clicking into place between the two arm clamps .
julio and the others grumbled , but as henry watched , they went back to their places on the wall .
as he watched , he saw julio fall from his place on the second floor , a bullet through his head .
athen leaned forward to sit up and dublin planted her in place with his hand .
several soldiers moved an o - ring into place behind him but the ceiling began to crumble .
her crew is sure to leak the news , so i have to have a background in place here before that happens .
delay the sniper attack until you have got the mec in place .
ivy put on one of her best faux smiles and dug out a place on the leather sofa to make her camp .
every white spike of hair had a specific place on his scalp .
i am here to return to the king his stones , to be laid in their proper place as part of his majestys newest renovation .
the knotted rope gave way and the round wood flipped into its place over the entrance like a door .
gold for any gate in moreina , and silver for any gate in alhallra , he said , and tucked the key farther down into its place .
she did n't know if she felt better seeing the cup out of its place in the cabinet or hearing the drip of the imperfectly sealed tap .
the suit was clinging in several places because she was sweating so profusely , but she felt a chill growl up her spine and bite the back of her skull .
coming from the guy who has personally watched the first stone of the great wall of china being laid into place and also witnessed the birth of charles i , in the same day , might i add .
so most of the time , without a plan in place as to what the heck i m going to do , i just end up tackling stuff .
when they eventually did so , the space chicken joined them in shifting out of redundancy , flapping his feathers into place and cradling fred jr in his wings once again .
they proceeded to place their place their feet on the upper edges of buttons close to the ground and did the same actions again , and again , and again .
but when they re used out of place , the trianglers believe , a plant dies .
it was threadbare and raggedy , and out of place for the common clothing of a lady of that era , might wear .
it looks like the first part of ` ` the plan '' is in place . ''
he is very gangly and again would appear out of place in your lands .
needing to see the greater area and his place in it louis searched out a tree to climb .
everyone had to be in their exact places during walpurgis night and during the widdershins dance just as before .
the toque mycena or the rosy - gill fairy helmet mushrooms are in place .
every book sat in its place , every piece of furniture pristine .
certain details had clicked into place early on in my watch .
aeron nodded and took coach dyson 's place at the edge of the ring .
` ` i ' m certain he needs his finger to keep his place while he reads .
she 'll know if things are missing or noticeably out of place . ''
` ` so , teria , '' said gaent , interrupting her train of thought , ` ` would you know if leo 's things were out of place ? ''
` ` we want to see if things are missing or out of place , but we do n't know how things are normally .
behind him , another student hovered with one finger holding place in a thick book .
when he was in place , the other kids would go down the slide until either the slide filled up or macs legs gave out .
thangobrind oiled his body and slipped out of his shop , and went secretly through byways , and got as far as snarp , before anybody knew that he was out on business again or missed his sword from its place under the counter .
return to your places , neamh - mhairbh !
what we did nt count on was that the aliens were already in that star system in force , and they had put their own bait in place .
immediately , my senses began to shuffle into their places , returning to the world of the waking slowly .
i gathered my gun behind my shoulder from its place on the wall .
a sob came out of my mouth as my hands retreated from the place on my torso to cover my face .
i walked forward a little with him , moving back to my place for my gun .
normally , an observation lounge , even on the hub , was just a set of viewscreens , but the angelus gravity lounge had managed to get itself a place right on the edge of the stations hull and right above the main docking arms .
with a deep breath , he slipped the runes on his bare palms into the exact places carved for them on the simulacrum , and let his power become part of the rune matrix of the ship .
only those of royal blood have the sight to find the place of the hidden key , and lock .
the suns wrath in one day i will hold framing the sky in darkness hidden the world will be , i will triumph over the dying magics and through their weakness the shell will return to her rightful place oh praise the lady and her eclipse i watched slowly as the moon , no one had noticed her still hanging in the heavens comes and slowly covers the sun .
spinning slowly in place , he came face - to - face with another , similarly masked man with another machine - gun pointed directly at them .
next , they man - handled the boulder back into place on top and pushed some loose dirt around and over it to complete the disguise .
a second , violent jolt of the car jostled atreus again , but this time he managed to hang on and keep his place .
i m not sure why axel closed the book ever so carefully and returned it to its place .
chapter 26 the master directed each person to their place at the table .
as he took his place on the bench he said , ` ` we make three strengths of lenses .
and once , when pan found lincoln standing on a rickety box , trying to help lift a beam into place , he scolded him again .
* * * pan had hansum place his little brass lamp in the crevice of a beam to give him full view of the loft .
he stepped forward , but felt the strong hand of a monk holding him back in his obvious place .
ugilino relaxed and sat at his place by hansum , now smiling .
the recognizable thumbnail looked ghoulishly out of place .
they had to wait on test results , but the sonogram was already on screen and had been transmitted to professor mazza who had even relayed to others in colleges that studied marine and animal life and were interested in what was taking place in the middle of the atlantic .
- paul watson 800 miles away in the delaware river just above new trenton , about 200 salmon swam in place facing upstream in a stainless and organic polymer pen that lawrence had crafted from one of sk'lars designs .
jeff took his place in the bow of the boat as graves and robinson climbed in and took their positions at the oars .
he opted instead to grasp the very top of the handle and use short strokes with the top of the mallet head to tap the wedge into place .
he and jeff collected the weapons and returned them to their place in the cargo hold .
the soldier was still night - blind and squinted against the darkness as he slowly approached their hiding place in the shadows next to a small tree inside the gate .
no , your highness , modius is right , said clodius , his metal legs clanking nervously in place .
luthis did a full circle in place , his eyes never leaving the tanks around him .
the lean siamese stirred from his place in the gods and made his way down to floor level via the back of the sofa .
the furniture had remained in their familiar places , their cushions slightly dented with use .
one of the craft was knocked out of place as the cop cruiser was sent spinning beyond control .
the food court was empting and she was less concealed in her place in the corner .
he grabbed the door handle then easily pulled it out of her grip as she sprinted away , grabbing snickers from its place on the floor .
he could feel slender fingers combing through his hair when something yanked at a handful of fur , loosening a few strands from their place .
with a blink , everything is back in focus , everything is back in place .
in the hush , as assistants shuffle data pads , our mole slinks back into place .
effortlessly , he dragged a large slab of concrete out of place , revealing ashen , torn , flesh .
good , now once you ' ve returned that plate and corrected the error in gold quality and its new place , i 'd like to talk with you .
we had a commons with a pool and a basketball court , among other amenities , including the sun room fifteen minutes of pure , lighted bliss , giving all bunker residents their daily dose of vitamin d. everything was warm , everything was in its right place , and people were happy for the most part .
from her place on the ground , she watched in awe as he finished setting up the array of ropes and pulleys and fired up the engine .
it made a soft whirring as it started pulling the enormous machine from its place in the sand .
dave super imagined the bed moving itself back into place above the metal box .
- when they land on earth , they are immediately taken into custody by a group of vuduri soldiers as rome is place under arrest .
sally used her influence with her father and secured rei a place on the ark ii .
the purpose of the star - base was to run missions into space and put equipment in orbit until incomprehensibly large instruments were in place .
if we could sail far enough , would we return to where we started and the stars would again be in the proper place ? ''
the cooking pots were in place and clothing still remained .
abigail tugged her tunic into place and made herself comfortable .
it looked weird and out of place .
there was a moment of confusion when she saw henrys chair wobbling in place .
say you came across it and knew it belonged back in its rightful place .
these looked different somehow , out of place .
you might have popped one out of place , though .
clive moved his chair back to its place behind the operators table .
he took a quick glance at it in the light of the open door and saw they had plenty of time to get into place and prepared .
back in his room , grace took the same place on the couch she had taken when she broke down before the funeral and wallis tensed , wondering if it was going to happen again .
now he had a drink and was near to his drugs and could just bring the boxes down here and hide out for a bit pretending to find a place for her storage things while he got a little drunk and high .
other than that everything was in his control , everything was in place and the night looked like it was shaping up to go perfectly .
sabrina sensed a jolt , seizing up in place which was , at the time , a stance of pointing her gun straight at a bots face .
every last celestial body that shined down upon him seemed out of place and was unrecognizable .
simone was tightly held in place a few feet in front of severov .
when everybody was in place , sheriff jenner another fat man but , thank god , not a jolly one waddled up to the door of the truck , shouting , now do nt shoot me in the back , you dumb mothers .
the black swan agents say they ve got everything in place to trigger massive disasters unless their demands are met .
oh nothing serious just martial law has seriously kicked in streets blocked razor wire concrete wallscops everywhere army units in flagstaff only way to get around is auto rickshaws new in town just like indiadrivers illegal aliens barely speak english take any currency like pesos and rupees bicycles ok too very 3rd world here also strange shenanigans kalis place benny b tell you more most people who stayed in town moving to tent cities me still home got three teens living here ( female o course none jailbait ) water on only sometimes no electric stay safe write soon hacker i closed my eyes and let it sink in .
then we must have our force field in place .
if an oddly out of place tree falls in a pangaean forest , does it make a sound ?
but a brash caricature of an animal seemed out of place over his heart that i knew to be so very large .
the revelation stunned me ; it jerked my heart free from its proper place in my chest cavity and wrung it dry .
donita stared at her through the gloom from her hiding place in the shadows , the man forgotten temporarily .
under this light , i slipped one chopstick on the right side of the grate , getting it easily in place .
fumbling around in the semi dark , ( for i did have my phone tucked into my cleavage , allowing me to get some light from it ) i found the barrels and rolled them into place .
i did nt even see a wall open in order for the stairs to move into place .
team one is in place in the cantina and main elevator bay and team two is moving on the banking sector from the spaceport .
lukktan stepped to the side , allowing high prod nikkwill to slide into place between the high priest and the emperor .
ill keep you updated on the ground once your people are in place .
is everything in place like you said ?
` ` so , this arrow would n't be out of place here . ''
its not that curiosity was forbidden or even frowned upon , but it seemed out of place to simply wander about poking into the corners of the place .
she had taken a risk by not getting into place before the launch , but it looked like she had managed it .
she started to return the bag to its place when she noticed the bed had been slept on .
ordinarily he would nt have given the generic little stone a second look , except it was out of place .
did you find any artifacts in the desert that seemed out of place or unnatural ?
okay , matt said nervously as they exchanged places on the wave runner .
the portrait of greenley the third was put back into place over it .
` ` this used to be a thriving area , after dams got put in and irrigation systems were put in place back in the twentieth century , '' trevin explained , before he remembered that the topside government had banned the use of any calendar not based on itself .
anthony got a loading ramp in place , with help from robert and renzo .
if he could get twig and the warren ship involved , they could together also foil the crazy plan being put into place by the humans and their friends .
also , she says that she 'll start the process a half - minute or so early , so that it will be in place for sure when dannos gets here .
engines slowly came online , all weapon ports were rebuilt , armour covered the entire hull and all the tubing and duct work was remoulded into place where smashed pipework and vented rends had been before .
alessia had brought the two cushioned , vermillion chairs with worn material around the handholds , a gift from kudenka , long ago ; both chairs appeared out of place in the room and would not survive the long journey , but they were exceedingly comfortable .
they deserved to know that little bit of information she knew about the experiments , even if it seemed out of place to be mentioning it now .
he had said , then left to return the board to its proper place among the archives .
he methodically built his library of knowledge as one would build a house , laying a foundation , dropping the needed cinder blocks in place , and then constructing each floor .
sally picked herself up and instinctively gave herself and shawn a once over to make sure all their body parts were in place and while doing so , offered shawn a smile in acknowledgment of the intimacy they just shared .
donal watched sir forlei fall and immediately took his place along the ramparts to help drive back the omegri .
i felt coralene place tokens over my closed eyes , payment for the transfer to the other side .
everything seemed in place .
as dad flew through the air , flung from his place next to my mother as if gripped by some spasm or fit and propelled sideways into the wall , he screamed .
my mind relaxed and the doctor fell from his lofty place and slammed into a tray next to my bed on his way down .
i saw the light that was her and something clicked in place .
we heard the bolt slide into place and he moved away deeper into the house .
i saw in my mind the little pieces of metal slipping into place and the bolt turn in its housing .
it was hidden from the main street and no security guards or alarm system was in place , just a locked door .
i took over and rolled the sling lift back into its place , the muscles in my back working , but nothing like the dolphin .
i turned the dial to the first number , then back to the second and finally to the last as i heard the mechanism drop into place inside my head .
andys here , tuck said and it clicked into place .
terrence stopped in his place , disappointed that he was caught .
finally , they saw the band members moving onto the dark stage and taking their places behind their instruments .
they were then marched up to a place in front of the crowd and told to sit down .
the chief stepped back and the man keeling behind the bride came around and took his place between the brides thighs .
when the chain was in place , gus backed the machine up and they looped the ends of the chain up and over the bucket .
i 'd need help , a couple people at least to muscle them into place .
chuck pointed to the couch , and old victorian affair that looked both out of place and perfectly natural in the bizarre world of the three c 's .
she got the baby back in place and put a few large stitches in the belly to hold it closed .
all kinds of things fell into place all at once in the back of his mind .
with the arm in place , squires drew out what looked like a trio of gunbarrels from inside a cavity of one of the machines .
* * * * * from the adama journals : my father told me as a sort of valedictory when he handed me command of the galactica that the best advice he could give me was that , when everything appeaered to be in place and everything was placid , it was time to consider what was absent .
some little detail out of place , som color that was wrong in the room , soothing .
he laughed again as his arms took their place back over me .
i am very eager to participate in this quest , but the truth is that the item exists and we all know it , but it is gone from its rightful place here in chronix bay .
farrie - galv kham resumed his place behind the wheel and guided the steg-0 - saw along what had once been the main highway leading in .
it was nt in its usual place , next to her phone .
billy untied the mule from its place in the barn and brought it over by horatius .
i had of course taken up my usual place at the stern where i could help judd steer the raft .
leaning on his arm , she reaches her place .
the linen arranged precisely in the drawers ; nothing out of place .
an awful event has taken place .
things are going to be put in place .
they operated fast , instructing local law enforcementthemselves unprotected with the exception of white breathing masks on their faceto place road blocks in certain areas , including the exit out of town .
the problem is that other guys often take the tools they need for something they 're doing and then they are supposed to bring them back and hang them up in their proper place again . ''
jeremy stood up , indicated the same chair as the one i had occupied previously and sat himself in his chosen place , one space between us .
the downing street venue was preferable for security reasons , already in place you understand , no need for additional measures , ha , ha .
i worked the lever on my steel ' bow and slid a bolt into place .
other greenguard set out to take their places on the city walls or in the streets to make their evening rounds .
he jerked the lever and fumbled another bolt into place as the scorpion scuttled out into the sandy bowl .
kiyu squeezed my hand and took her place in the circle .
master sergeants took their place at the head of each line , and kajo stood in front of them all and facing them .
master sergeant hongwho had swapped places with kajohadnt strapped in and was ejected from the mtav .
the command outpost was a twenty meter by forty meter box lifted into place by a heavy support battle transport during the deployment .
a few more soldiers materialized in front of him as the simulation put them into place .
nevada approached me sheepishly , only pausing long enough to place a purple and green pair of cards in my hand before tucking tail and returning to her place by the doorway .
a row of white candles were set in place along the dark wooden surface , glowing brightly from the tiny flames .
even with having you within physical reach , there are two main safeguards stopping us , and we believe that one of them may have been set in place shortly after your birth by the goddess amphitrite and her husband , the sea god , poseidon .
i disposed of my empty plastic cup in the garbage on the way to nevadas car , and i resumed my place in the back seat .
settling into place behind him , i wrapped my arms around his torso and settled my feet on the foot rests below .
his strangled cry of half - conscious pain chilled me to the bone , and i had to force myself to remain in place .
with my sister uncharacteristically sawing away at the ropes and hades hovering over xanthias , i swayed in place on the steps .
it only took 45 minutes to align and get the first bolts in place .
even when , as was the case , it was completely out of place .
two of them were returning the weapons to their hiding places inside their jackets .
they looked terribly out of place on his face .
so , while brown - furred bodies raced by , dr . flockhart and lashonda floated in place , only feet from the angry crowd that could notice them any minute .
nita raised the new valve into place and steadied it while drew began to tighten the bolts .
if she had enough momentum , she could probably push me a little , but i was optimistic that i could physically hold her off if i got in place ahead of her .
though he split the land from the water , though he put each star in its own true place though he spared us all from the slaughter i fear his face .
i agree leader , we have a few plans in place , i will review these again with my staff and then we can do a full rehearsal in a few days , i want to wait a little longer for the terrain to be improved .
emergency procedures were put into place in case of a rift gate opening in either china or a neighboring country .
drastic measures on the amount of atm and bank withdrawals were put into place on dec 27 and still in place .
pulling the small metal box from its place upon the wall , sam returned through the wind and relative darkness to both her brothers sides , and began tending to jacks wound .
* * * * * within minutes sam appraised the mattress covering the open doorway , and the frame wedged into place , temporarily securing the mattress .
picking up the poles , he found them not as heavy the second go round , and wedging them into place , just as jack had done before , he held them patiently as his siblings began to drag the shelf nearer .
after about a minute the shelf was in place , securing the lower end of the poles in position .
she could nt help but smile in reply as jack turned his attention to will , who was already scrambling from his hiding place to rush down the concrete wall .
as sam came to retrieve him , will watched jack drag two large branches into place on either side of their trap , making a funnel that led to the hole .
turning the paper over , he held it up for her to read for herself as her expression fell , a deep frown taking its place .
she picked herself up and placed the bowl and the empty can in their respective places , returning to her room upstairs to change clothes for the day .
yin smiled and took her place on the floor , next to her bed .
the room was empty when she returned and nothing seemed out of place .
they had at some point driven them all into place and then used dozers and lifts from the surrounding farms to drag them to the proper positions .
cutty set the head down gently and twisted the steel from its place with a grinding that was worse than nails on a chalkboard .
i asked kylee from my place on the ground if she still had her uniform with her .
hook was done , and the dogs had scattered by the time the truck was in place .
i could see that the bernies entire bottom jaw had torn from its place and now hung uselessly by threads of sinew and torn flesh .
with a plan in place , i decided to go home and come back later .
quickly , jacy took her place at the center of the floor , standing tall but with her head bowed slightly .
i remove my knife from the girls chest and shove it into its place just below my waist .
taking the robot from its place in chair .
it was meticulous , everything in place , no wrinkles , belt buckle and boots shiny , ribbons perfectly centered .
dean flavor finds a suitable place behind one of the many fabric stalls .
what the city did seem to have in place were gun towers .
be it bushes that were out of place or a strange feel of the wind .
make sure our nuclear warhead is in place and tell the pilots to be seated and waiting .
only the heavy steel bolt i d slid into place a week ago separated us from whoever was upstairs .
every drawer , every cabinet had been pulled out of its place , their contents picked over until there was nothing left but trash abandoned to the floor .
he swept the candles and the bible off their places .
it had been so long since i d heard the sound of an engine that the high - pitched whine seemed as strange and out of place as a space ship setting down on the supermart 's roof .
the older man asked as he dropped a hand on the womans shoulders and took his place at her side .
she did nt move toward him , instead she nodded elise toward the spot and limped to a place beside nate .
nester sighed , but took his place on amys mark .
as i closed the distance i took two shots at the two bots that had taken position behind master miller and flipped into their place .
as they all recovered their stance i summoned the large marble table from it 's resting place to a foot or so over their heads .
it was when i began to look at her that i started to realize the other changes that had taken place besides my height my vision was sharper , i could see colors clearer and everything was crisp .
however , the more he looked the more he saw that nothing was out of place leading up to the incident .
round hatches pop open from several locations on all their hulls from which missile batteries and mini - guns rise into place .
each of them beginning to trample the other in hopes of grabbing a place aboard a lifeboat .
buckle up , dumbass , brick growled at the woman in the truck , but he did nt wait to see if she clicked it into place before he squatted down and slid his meat - hooks under the base of the drivers door .
on a warm spring day about a month after their arrival , all the elements seemed in place for a showdown .
the sound pained him more and more with each swing driving each nail deep in its place .
the halfogre was in place in his copilots chair in his quarters ; he had access to a projected view of brazels viewscreen .
when he had seen enough , he shoved the cabinet back into place .
he searched all around his feet , looking for a rock that seemed to be out of place .
eventually , one of his feet found its place on one of the lower branches , allowing ben to steady himself .
they ' ve had a plan in place for some time .
every object was cataloged and in its place unless he was currently using it in a project .
each of the figurines must be restored to their resting places in their temples so that their ties to this plane can be forever broken .
riley felt her place something on her head .
he moved the drones bottom - mounted machine gun into place .
the two sexbots moved into place at his sides .
she gasped and then seemed to remember her place .
whoever the traitorous delegate was , he easily could have had a backup plan in place should she somehow appear at the negotiation table despite all his efforts .
it seemed everything was going to fall back into its rightful place when corith died and america was restored .
i pick up the beaker and place it carefully in the box .
eventually , they did fall into place .
it was inches from the fence , slanted on one end and completely out of place .
he had n't realized how long ago , but the sun was beginning to make its way into place .
a man in his early forties slowly opened his eyes and sat up from his place underneath an elaborately designed quilt and red silk sheets .
there was a pair of slippers in front of an oak nightstand that he pulled toward him with the tips of his toes and slid them into place on his feet .
his legs took a moment to come back to him as he swayed from side to side in place .
i ca n't tell you exactly how everything fell into place , just because i do n't know .
he put his heavy leather boot on the man 's back , looked back at the other prisoners who were watching in horror from their place on the bench , and fired one last shot , pop .
caleb held the kettle in place for aaron as he hung the wire straps through the hooks above the flames .
he asked with a grunt as he struggled to set the kettle in place .
from her place behind caleb she saw a pair of legs , dressed in black , with thick combat boots , lying motionless on the ground .
there were broken cars scattered alongside it , with huge pieces of cement dislodged from their place , and strewn about .
from his place within the pantry , he saw a lone man , dressed in black , slowly move across the crack between the pantry doors and vanish out of sight .
alex stood up from his place at the table and said , ` ` well , ill get going , let you guys rest . ''
martin shouted from his place behind the wall of people .
is everything ready , are the explosives in place , alex ?
he looked further down toward patrick , who was sitting calmly in place .
the goblin nods and moves back to his place guarding the doorway .
aelon does nt seem to do anything , but i can see his head move as he constantly checks his terminal to make sure nothing is out of place .
only got an hour after the admirals staff finally got his quarters organized enough for the everythin must be in its proper place bastard to be able to sleep without movin crap around again .
sen slides into place beside me .
picking a place centered on the cg mark on the deck , he grabbed a couple of 25k tie down chains , hooked them up to the truck and tightened them up .
brick disappeared only to re - appear as an entire person pulling up a stool , joined by a bald man with a straw in his mouth and a waved greeting in his palm ; the bowl of cherries covered in ice cream were held in place by his elbow and hip as he guided his own seat with his foot .
we know there 's already a plan in place to eradicate us , and we ' ve a pretty good idea who 's behind it . ''
brick turned the object over in his hands , tapped the screen a few times , pulled a lever at the back , tapped the screen again , twisted it round , pushed the lever back into place and returned the screen to its initial position , all with the expression of a man without any idea what his hands were doing .
the henchman moved , leaving a knee in place to strike the oncoming torso .
velius crossed into the open room , taking a chair from its place near the wall .
while the beings took their places around hanileh , she locked onto his gaze .
the continuum returned to their places , with soul at hanileh 's head .
sharp , pointy fingernails scratched over her forehead as soul slid his palm into place .
the athaer shook his head , moving to his place within the council chambers .
she was midway through ironing one of russells hawes shirts when the man himself appeared in the kitchen , poured himself a coffee and picked up the financial times from its place on the breakfast bar .
the tweets moved across the earth , but stayed in place in relation to the stars .
for a moment , the human child wanted to leave the line , but the alien child shepherded the human child back into place .
when giselle was in place , in front of nevel and going backward to match his speed , gizmo was closely watching him .
with a small , satisfied sound deep in his throat , he slid down to a more comfortable place and leaned back .
i slid to the ground and patted a place beside me .
cherry struggled for several minutes but could n't reach the proper place on josh 's legs .
cherry said , ` ` i ' ve got places for all the weapons we found .
josh took belle under the bridge and had the other ship lined up to back it into place .
she took the star away from her eye and put it back into its rightful place in the sky .
he watched as it ascended and settled back into its place , rotating with the others .
they sat firmly in their places and watched the other stars revolve around them .
the pale yellow perpetual returned to its place beside the icy purple perpetual and another green one .
to ashra it seemed like a scar upon the landscape , a monolith out of place and out of time .
the snipers are in place .
i scoot and stand in her place .
he ordered , sbot and ybot , bring a bed frame from the second bedroom on the left for starra and place here .
i nod and return his knife to him , which he deftly tucks back into its place .
a while later , i am in a dusty room at the inn , resolutely pushing the dresser in place in front of the door , locking the lone window , and pulling the curtains tight across it .
there are a few burgundy charms and books abandoned by its edge , many looking as if they have been flung into place .
he filled the small canteen with water from a jug in the old refrigerator , drank deeply from the jug , and then returned it to its former place .
one group had already begun the work , and had only been waiting for the last group to arrive before the remaining bricks and concrete blocks were stacked and cemented into place in the four foot thick wall .
moll sat up suddenly from her place before the fire and growled , looking towards the door .
cranes that were taller than them , lifting stone after stone into place .
alex and fin resumed their places in the line as they continued down the road .
the troops were arranged in a semi - circle around the outer edge of the clearing and alex and fin took their places among them .
fin was already looking for something large to block the hole with and he found it a filing cabinet which he dragged into place just as the giant found the courage to try to climb inside .
alex jabbed its eye and it fell backwards , wailing , and fin slid the cabinet into place .
the magazine dropped from the rifle and i slammed another into its place .
the imperial cinema sits on the end of the street before me , gaudy and impressive and entirely out of place among this batch of shabby , faded shops .
` ` yes chief , '' dormuth answered , ` ` all elements will be in place by the time your daughter reaches each tactical point . ''
kion gave hand signals to help guide the unit into place .
discovering the americans and quickly putting a plot in place to control their emergence back to their society , along with getting the borman clan out of the way for good will put the maheel clan in control of all aspects the solarsystems economy !
he wanted his daughter back , but the plans he had in place for the borman would not change no matter what happened .
dead branches that were place around the ship for camouflage and live vines that chose to grow there , slid off the legacy .
jordan grabbed it , having unfastened it from its place .
positive , with a half - quelled smile on her face , ashley slowed her hurry to a leisurely walk toward the man , putting her bow and unused arrows back to their former place .
with the secrunotin sprinkled on two hundred alive men , the ceiling itself , with copper showers that had poured down the secrunotin having receded back in to their former place and the openings themselves from where they had appeared sealed , produced too much heat , scorching the room like it was an oven .
busiku , having slightly stirred sideways , tore off a tree branch from its place and stretched it horizontally so that the arrows stroke and speared it .
pulling out a thin metal prong that looked suspiciously like a radio antenna , she jabbed it into place where the skin had separated .
most of the science teams equipment , on the other hand would stay in place at their camp , the three scientists only needing to take samples and only requiring minimal on - site technology .
there s something out of place on the wall painting , i m sure of it .
when something triggers the traps mechanism , the hidden wall slides into place and the initial dead end slides away , opening a new path , h - b drew a couple of extra lines in the picture with his finger to indicate this .
together , they lifted the surprisingly light stone out of its place to reveal a three foot wide manhole , and when liz shined her torch down to the bottom they could see an empty water bottle and some discarded food wrappers .
each floor is different , and that only makes this more difficult , i have to actually examine each floor , i ca nt just check for what s out of place or different compared to the one above .
i eventually settled down , everything sorted back into its place in my disconnected and shattered mind .
the portal opened onto a set of tracks that led down to a debris packaging room , where a new disposable container had moved into place .
for an hour we sat beside the murwall as its captain kept her in place .
he was not the type of person who liked things out of place .
the plans to break the siege were already in place , and moving .
the door opened of its own volition as i approached it , and white plastic squares rose from the earth on the outside door step , extending one by one along and down to the street that ran parallel to the house - a pneumatic sound signaling when each one had found its resting place - until they had made a pathway for me across the front yard .
entering the square , a young blond haired man in an impeccably fitted pinstriped suit was crouched down , casting two dice onto the floor , and making note of their final resting place numbers in with a pencil in a paper pad , before tossing them again , his intense focus ignoring my black polished shoes glinting in the sun as they passed below and in front of him .
i made sure the guard 's pattern was regular by watching it several times more , and when i was finally satisfied , i crawled out of my hiding place and made a quiet bent - over run for it , aided by the fact i had removed both of my shoes for the sake of silence .
no sooner has it settled into place that a banging on the door starts .
chapter twenty - one the next morning , after the first few rays of bright , desert sun sliced into the room , natalie was up , rummaging through her luggage places by the closet .
all of the players received a full introduction , as they ran out to the field one by one and took their place on the base line .
after what had taken place between her and jillian , she did nt know if shed be able to sleep or not , but sleep like a baby , she did .
modular ivs and readouts hung from it , keeping natalie in place while suella ran along beside her .
a few , he answers , pushing a box back into its place .
after several confusing seconds of trying to find the place i m supposed to put it in , i finally find it .
` ` ... all cargo again to make sure it is in its right place .
every block was in place .
something seemed to be just a bit out of place , but their force was strong .
from his place on the bridge the android keenly observed the scene unfolding in front on him .
he lowered himself into place carefully , crossing his legs underneath .
except nothing appeared out of place , no loose props or hidden doors .
it made him really appreciate the artificially produced gravity pushing him into the floor ; everything back neatly in their place .
` ` or is my hair out of place ? ''
i have the personnel in place , eagerly waiting for the grand moff to execute the orders of our beloved leader , tarkin nodded .
as his eyes slid into place and he watched the branches brush by her face , he realized how automatic switching had become .
the master does n't really fit in on zwingly and would be out of place on juno .
the very fact that he invited me to the conference and not my sainted brother , speaks volumes and tells me where the political winds are blowing sammy , it will be your job to discretely network and coordinate with my moles in the ministries and the media , and to make sure that my operatives are all in place and ready to roll , on say , hmm , maybe the 20th of august .
security parameters are now in place .
the dominoes are all in place .
as a result of these developments , thousands of latvian and russian ' peacekeepers ' had been rushed into place to protect the baldenbird complex and the approaches to vlad 's castle .
smaller units of assault troops disguised as civilians were already in place and ready to move in on the baldenbird complex to eliminate any survivors after the hotel was overrun by whipped up mobs , led by specially placed ' outside agitators ' .
yours , v ptard marsha frantically adjusted the camera stand as professor mantis stood in place on the chalk mark on the pavement at his feet .
xaos replied , another xaosian taking his place beside his throne .
the xaosians were forced out of their hiding places , and as they backed away , maron changed position in the doorway , allowing him to aim at the xaosians easier .
time - sensors would be jarringly out of place in her pastel corners .
or perhaps a fantasy was n't out of place at all .
tuki stayed where he was , listening as the bolts were slipped into place .
ever since his silly globe had clicked into place , he had stared at the projected image that hung in the air above it .
he puts down two more roamers as the door is rising into place .
she s throwing everything she can , and i m piling it into place .
members learned what took place when the onset of night creatures - vampires , plagued their neighboring city st . viktersburg .
they give of a musty smell and dust floats in the air as the few masked citizens lift them from their places and leaf through them .
she reaches up and dislodges it from its place .
with the final pieces in place , there remained only the tension of the countdown .
apart from the ruffled sheets on the bed , everything else in the apartment was still in place .
in less than a minute , five atgs were set in place , locks set on to the large pylons supporting the bridges .
the moons became suns and the suns became moons again as he waited and waited , at their place , eyes turned up to the heavens , never once allaying .
it is in your best interest to be patient with us as methods are put in place to ensure the survival of everyone .
part of my training with the agency had given me a keen attention to detail ; i could notice something minor that was out of place if it were necessary to do so for survival .
they were still working against the clock as final preparations were in place to shift the power over .
everything was well organised and had its place .
we ve boarded up our windows , put defence measures in place , and collected all our food in one location .
and then the stones on the forecourt began to rattle , spinning in place .
experience demonstrated more than once , patience , if he allowed it , would fit every piece into its proper place .
they wert dependent on troop movements prior to attack or getting ships into place before firing on a target .
by this point they had twenty five hundred robots , to support the teams plus all of the obstacles that the teams were going to put in place .
most ship was able to disrupt with a few well places shards to the heads of the gamma operatives .
the ships departed from the earth base with basic plans in place the rest they would setup as they docked with the space stations .
the near ends of the barges descended the shore all the way to below the waterline where its roadway joined with the end of the larger bridge when it was in place .
while critias waited for the crews to move their bridges into place for the offloading , he studied the city buildings that loomed up in the near distance .
its muscle had presumably raised the prefabricated sections of vineyard barrier into place .
steel beams reinforced with other saint - designed metals kept the caravan in place above the lobby of the embassy .
he slid the belt on , and then took the sword that was leaning against the desk and slid it into place .
unfortunately it only partially worked , the thin flat base of the leg still half - bolted into the floor , the rest only bent out of place .
she cut the map out of its place by the edges , sending dust and tiny cloth fragments into the air as she went corner to corner .
the saint did nt travel far before he noticed a door slightly out of place in the neat grid , the closest bedrooms on either side of it maybe three times farther apart than normal .
the whole time the others were working to get the spools in place , saan was disassembling coils from one of the four looms opposite the spool wall , which were made of a strong and highly flexible metal alloy likely fabricated in the nearby forge .
dastou felt one of the stone blocks wobble , and swam into place for a third strike .
with the vortex of water running into the next room helping to keep dastou from pushing himself back from the movement , he kept his place better , and it only took two kicks to break it off .
there was no metal gate dropped into place here , thank goodness , so he took a deep breath and dove .
* * * * * now on the south side of the river water for the sake of their plan , saan sat with her back against a boulder that was out of place at the top of a short hill that itself sat up against the tributary .
will executing me as an example to others not to fight large - scale decisions make it so what i set in place will not come to fruition ?
another blink and she was gone , the vest clipped onto his body roughly , his jacket out of place the same way crawfords lab coat was .
it was in just the right place on the floor to keep the hatch from closing , something dastou knew was important but not why .
it hovered in place , level with the observation deck for a moment , before disappearing from view .
he closes the door behind me and slides the deadbolt in place .
as he does , i hear the click of a dead - bolt slipping into place .
he takes the car off autopilot and slides it into place alongside the curb with only a few deft pivots of the rudder .
the figure continued to approach , periodically checking over his shoulder as he did to ensure they were alone , or to ensure security was in place before he proceeded , malaron was unsure as to which .
his job was to rally motar and his men , to put them in place in order to intercept goren and his men when they returned from symposium .
but as he jumped his foot caught his magical rune staff which fell from its resting place , rolled down the slope and fell into the river .
after they left the carriage , cleo instructed fido to retrieve her hardware from its place inside jake 's rucksack .
` ` the rear hole was already conveniently in place , helen , '' i replied .
not just an inch or two , but several feet and then pushed back to its original place .
neither the churns upheavals nor the brash , keening winds of the nearflow did anything to shift the city from its place .
he flicked one aside , lowered another into place .
the crew was gathered on the deck , sails battened down and guns in place .
we were in place below the facility , staring up at the wide barn doors where all the deliveries entered .
i slid into place at the controls and tipped us forward , shouting through the window for sable to hold onto her hat .
sable eased the galeskimmer into place beside us and shouted at me above the din .
it was said that every rock used to construct its hallowed walls was blessed before having been carefully positioned into place .
everything was in place and that was why they were waiting , looking up toward the cliffs .
oisin joined orulla , once again taking his place upon her back .
julian watched open - mouthed from his place on the floor .
he watched to make sure the man kept his hands to himself until they were back at their respective places , he on the pedestal , she leaning against one of the pine trees .
sparks showered from an electrical malfunction at the top of the staircase , and as his eyelids drooped and arms ceased their flailing , the noise slowly died , normal lights came back on , and the door screeched back into its recessed place in the ceiling .
he closed the door behind them , slotting the bolt into place .
they would dump the body on the ground , place cartons of foodstuffs next to it and make their peculiar gesture meaning send someone with us .
not even six feet away , minimcoms tug hovered in place with the side airlock directly across from rei , the outer door already open .
when he returned , he reported the scaffold was in place and that 43rd street to the east , like a number of other streets , had been blocked off to ensure that trucks had room to leave the crowd .
the government reps would not begin physically collecting money until 10 a.m. , which was about ten minutes from when they reached the crowd , but the trucks were already in place at their various locations , strategically positioned to best facilitate the flow of people .
the sealant oozed into the grooves and the front of the evac suit shifted into position and squeezed into place around her .
some of the boulders that they passed were close in size to houses , and seemed very out of place .
we all arose due to the materials and the basic mathematical laws of nature put into place at the big bang . ''
then she inhaled again , pulled her left leg , weighted for it to drop steady now , and her left hand slid down the bar hold , and right leg down and then she dragged her left leg until it fell into place ... exhale .
as soon as she took her place in the back of the line , the tent opened and the line of people before her began filing in .
several of the people smiled and made a place for her to sit down .
the broken bones in his wings and tail made an audible pop as they reformed in their correct place and began to heal .
click , sounded the eighth letter as it set in its rightful place .
click , went the ninth letter to its designated place .
the twins carefully repeated the same actions they performed in unlocking the stone to restore the wall to its proper place , safe from tomb raiders and soup .
he answered the call and a holographic screen slid into place right over it .
he swept his sword across the air , and ion slid his into place to block it .
carmen looked up from her place in the starboard dinghy at the sudden darkness that had engulfed them .
when she found the place where the baby was situated , she kissed it .
stereotypes would tell us that the reason why he was still aroused by the sight of me was because he was a hot - blooded man , and as long as there were breasts and a place to sheath his sword , if i may be vulgar ( and i may , because these are my transmissions ) , then of course he was aroused .
adam wiped them away very gently with his thumb , and then , he and james took their usual place on either side of her .
she was holding us steadfastly to our places so he could not hurt us yet .
and you can take that car parts joke up with the professor , dax says as he slides back into his place at the bench .
gage looks up from his place on the bed , his eyes flashing in annoyance as they lock with mine .
thank god we got here in time with a plan in place .
we have to hold out until morning , and that means putting several plans of action in place at once and putting them to work so they re not focused on the imminent danger .
i jam my comm device back in its place on my belt .
goddamn it , i mumble , snatching up my jacket from its place on the floor .
blythe grabs my shoulder as i take my place at the front of the group , remaining on foot as the machinery in my legs will carry me about as fast as a hover bike could .
blood gushes from his mouth , but he s relentless , going for a choke hold , but missing my neck as i lean back in the seat , nearly losing my place on the bike .
my teeth scrape together and i fight not to grind them as bones pop in and out of place and realign .
casually glancing at the bookcase , he noticed a book out of place .
tiarra whistled again and a long wooden platform fell into place over the ropes creating a walkway up to the trees .
carefully checking his weapons as he put them in place , tom grinned when he noticed cody and tanya share a smile when they thought no one else watched .
altogether , a lot of things suddenly seemed out of place and disjointed .
ishmael forced a rusty latch into place .
she took her place by my side while rmerr crouched in the flatbed .
by the time jill went home , we had put a plan into place and were confident about what we were attempting .
unplug your car batteries and carefully bring them into the house and place in a windowless room , if possible .
i got the food and other items back into place , mark told me .
we need some security measures in place , he said .
its time to join everyone and get things in place for my beautiful family of refugees .
mark took the arm of the chair and held it firmly in place so i could nt back up any further .
billy stood up from his place on the couch to talk .
bren wanted to know who was dying and who was merely ill . those closest to their final breath were guided to places in the middle of the open cathedral floor , laid down on dirty beds and pillows in plain view of the congregation .
before him was a waist - high block of stone that seemed starkly out of place in the rough - hewn chamber .
the stitches came undone easily , and he took care to replace each doll face - up in the same place he d found it .
he took his place behind the podium , resting his hands on it and eyeing the crowd before speaking .
with going back down out of the question and going up seemingly impossible , i was stuck in place .
` ` so the quadrate is still in place ? ''
we do nt know what the ship is , but it could have certain security protocols in place .
he places a helmet over my head and i hear it click into place over my neck .
after a few minutes , they emerged in the lab and took their usual places on the exam tables .
ouranos nodded and moved a magnifying panel into place above a processor .
when the chariot lurched , the mementic lifted the golden laurel into place above the emperor 's head and said , just loud enough to be heard , ` ` remember , you are a mortal . ''
thon looked across the street and saw the metal scaffolding in place where a farm was just months before .
the sun glinted brightly off the panels already in place there .
they had contingencies in place , but as the end neared , the messenger began to worry .
as the fork lift maneuvered to get into place to receive the pallet , the air force captain walked over and introduced himself to the team .
two other air force personnel gave hand signals to the person on the fork lift so that the pallet was placed square onto the flatbed , the fork lift tines moving between the four by fours place on the flatbed .
get everybody started , and let me know when everythings in place .
i m going to wake up all personnel to ensure that the backups for security are in place .
mike , the security team is in place .
smith , crandall , and weitz would have to help get everything put into place .
eli took up a good stance , jumped in place on his toes to warm up and stay loose .
the top of the massive warship 's midsection opened as huge , protective panels slid back , allowing hook drive machinery to assume its place at the top of the ship .
after an hour he got them to both lift a book ( not their lesson manual , but a biography of the life and times of a particularly boring troglodyte who had invented a way of starting fire by rubbing two sticks together ) , and to move it to various places around the room .
smiling , the stunning young lycan walked down the stairs from her place at the high table to accompany him , while he appeared to touch his infoscreen , causing accordion music to play .
draagh stayed in place and simply shook his head , appalled that his brother was so nearsighted .
she waited for the next worker to pass by her alcove and then stepped into place .
like the rest of the ship , the doors were out of place .
aside from her missing arm , everything looked in place .
he and two of his most capable fellow investors had used the best that they had been able to get from ariel , and had put numerous small , difficult - to - detect , complex trading strategies in place .
it was fortunate that mikkel already had a certain amount of legal subterfuge in place , with shell companies and subsidiaries that diverted attention away from his project in peary land .
i still do nt get how you could get in place fast enough to mimic baldur and his other people , he said .
this group was equally devoted to helping humanity in its own way , and it was putting in place a sort of sting operation that would be far more damning than any academic study ever could be .
he no longer needed to worry that ariels successes were flukes , which meant that he needed to be putting something in place that would ensure her cooperation .
he was concerned that nothing might have been put in place yet to mimic and profit from the investments she and baldur had just made , so would she please get with ronan and fergus as soon as she got to the office and see what she could do ?
i assume he thinks that he will be able to put laws in place that will ensure that his old colleagues no longer have any kind of advantage .
she saw herself helping baldur in a few weeks , feeding him what he needed to put his own plans in place .
baldurs plans to dissolve d4 were in place and even , in some cases , in progress , and as ten very wealthy savants realized they had been cheated out of the real prize , they were none too happy .
badru asked , remaining in place while afua securely wrapped the coverlet toga style upon her body .
nothing for me , thanks , badru said from his place beside his daughter on the easternmost black leather sofa .
we need to be out there in maddog getting our alibi fixed in place .
hadrian found a comfortable place next to the fire and wrote down a few lines in his travel journal .
deftly she tugged it out from its place within her sweater ; she pulled , strained , managed to drop it onto a chair .
not with that cover in place . ''
the exhilaration he had felt since putting the last piece into place had abruptly deserted him .
what we 're dreaming of is a screen that would be in permanent place about cities ; at minimum strength , using practically no energy .
she rose , stalked angrily to the bronze of rosmerta , adjusted its place on the wall by a millimeter or so .
` ` morning , '' i said as i slipped into my usual place on the other side of the table .
it was 3 a.m. nearly an hour had passed since she had heard the front door click gently into place behind drake and his burden .
putting his napkin gently beside his place , he asked , ` ` my kitchen computer ? ''
would hesitate and would give us a chance to put the new government into place .
security will be in place , but not in evidence .
others had cast themselves loose for better viewing , maintaining their place by means of a short magnetic cable attached to the ship 's hull .
he released pseudo - grav , insuring that the projector would stay in place for minutes even if he withdrew support altogether .
rioz said , ` ` how many ships are left to put in place ? ''
overhead , a lid moved into place and for a while , grant was in complete darkness .
the proteus had been adjusted onto its cradle now and the hydraulic lifts that had maneuvered it into place were drawn off .
cora had left the work - bench to look forward in wonder , but duval remained in his place , still working , with infinite , untiring patience .
it came , too , after the rest of them , in its proper place .
for the moment , he was sorry he had allowed paul in , at least before he had restored the bard to its usual resting place in the basement .
he opened the ledger meticulously , riffled the pages to the proper place and then drew a careful finger down the columns .
miss fellowes held timmie in her arms just at the perimeter of stasis and he clung to her wildly while they set their cameras to work and called requests to her through the open door from their places just outside the bubble .
he held his place before the bench , utterly motionless .
earth was in the sky , of course , in its accustomed place ; a fat crescent , now , bellying to the southwestward .
if it takes twenty years to build the ships , they will nevertheless accelerate at a rate that will enable them to overtake the moon 's place within a year even if the moon starts accelerating today .
donald slipped back into the aircar and took a place standing against the wall , next to ariel .
there was something strange in that moment , something alvar could not quite place .
` ` and it will be more or less impossible for us to grab him once they are in place , '' tonya said .
fredda noted that the room was not laid out as it normally was , and that her husband was not in his usual place .
robot cfl-001 , better known as kaelor , was walking in his accustomed place , three steps behind his master , and having to move pretty briskly at that - even though lentrall was going nowhere in particular .
it was in baley 's mind to deny the necessity , but r. daneel plucked gently at his sleeve , as the guard stepped back to his place .
he imagined huge electrodes , busy pantographs skidding inklines across graphed paper , self - adjusting gears clicking into place now and then .
he was after the broad brushstrokes and he noted the two massive changes that took place and pushed the aurorans ever farther away from their earthly origins .
of its own accord , it was taking the events - little aspects he had not noted - putting them together - one thing adding to another - clicking into place - forming a web of fabric .
if baley got out of the car and found some hiding place in the surrounding trees , it would be that much harder for the pursuing robots to locate him - and that would gain him time .
she remained in place , but he felt her shudder slightly and he released her in embarrassment .
and almost automatically , dors stepped forward and took her place between seldon and the man who had suddenly appeared .
it is a rare beauty and , if i have my way , there should not be a leaf moved out of place , nor a flower , nor a rabbit , anywhere in all these hundreds of square kilometers . ''
the imperial guard would hesitate and would give us a chance to put the new government into place .
the imperial guard will be in place but not in evidence .
` ` fortunately , because gaia has been working carefully for decades , we have brought both foundations to the proper place at the proper time .
it ripped at me within , as though it had found a weakened place in my defenses , and started gouging out a larger opening , struggling to force itself inside me .
they had the fireworks already in place , rockets stuck into the gravel , flares and sparklers divided into separate boxes , all of it covered with a tarp from jonathan 's trunk .
about seventy thousand volts of shock , in fact , thanks to the defenses i 'd put in place around my door .
` ` you still have men in place at the windows ? ''
he watched me come over to the table and slide my plastic tray into place before me .
susan had been shaking out all the rugs and carpets that cover the floor of my living room , and was now rolling them back into place , probably not in the same order as they had been before .
she picked up one end of a sofa with a couple of fingers of one hand to get an edge into place .
` ` maybe rudolph 's handler had already put the assassin in place as a contingency measure , in case you got loose despite rudolph 's efforts . ''
before she could fall , i looked up at the top of the wall , seized a section of large stones in fingers of unseen will , and raked them out of their resting places , so that they plunged thirty feet down toward arianna .
this record showed her returning to her place in the bed beside idaho .
narrow places in the approach lanes with observation turrets projecting from the ground like dull gray mushrooms appearing at the proper places on their mycelium .
idaho did not invite her to sit or find a chair for her , forcing her to bring one from his sleeping chamber and place it facing him .
the second tiger had moved into place , unmindful of its companion 's fate .
irulan pulled a floater into place , sat down beside alia .
but these markers were always set in place by gamblers .
stilgar put down his cup , setting it carefully into its place on the tray and keeping his attention on it as he spoke .
a giant canopic jar containing the water of muad'dib occupied a place of honor at his right elbow .
` ` but it would look out of place in petaluma . ''
a fully loaded 747 could leave houston at 8 p.m. the following evening , june 14 ; the plane could be in africa on june 15 to pick up munro ` ` or someone like him '' ; and the full team could be in place in the congo on june 17 .
working backward , the erts canteen fitted additional pieces of the puzzle into place .
kahega resumed his place next to munro and handed him the gun .
we set such markers in place on all the worlds we visit .
as i approach , panels of glass slide back and a telescope revolves into place before me .
as i did my big grey tom , mister , bounded down from his place on top of one of the bookshelves , but rather than give me his usual shoulder - block of greeting , he flicked his tail disdainfully at me and ghosted out the front door .
bock was at his place behind the counter , and looked tired .
mouse fell into place at my side , his hackles still stiff , a low , almost subsonic growl rumbling in his chest every few moments .
i fumbled with the keys and shoved them into place .
` ` god be with you , harry , '' butters said , marching in place on the ground , his face worried .
i lifted another cut board into place , while forthill reached up to hammer it in .
bickel slipped another neuron block into place against the wall , made new connections .
another substitute neuron block went into place beneath the first two .
dr . abernathy sighed , departed , and presently returned in the white robes necessary ; pulling a chair into place , he seated himself with his back to pete .
his life was arranged now , he had things in place .
at the stove she pressed the coffee button and in a moment had put the imposing mug by his place at the kitchen table .
but the phoce had sat down , rubbing his forehead with the left extensor , looking too spent to move away again , even to his place at the other end of the coffee shop .
its neatly tucked in covers had been still on it , all in place including its two duck - feather pillows .
presently , he restored the amulet to its hidden place .
in the proper place , returned the board , thrusting it directly into the aide 's outstretched hand , aware of the fear this inspired .
each of the warriors of buliwyf , myself among them , took a place at the perimeter of the fortifications that we had drawn up against the wendol .
as raoden entered the main chapel , saolin left his attendant position beside raoden 's chamber , falling into place beside him .
` ` yes , my lady , '' ashe said , hovering away to take an unobtrusive place next to one of the torches , where the flame 's light masked his own .
already in place hanging from the back of the rooftop , swung up and cut off sarene 's escape .
and somewhere below a cerulean sky just now darkening enough to see the first flickers of a deliberately sparse meteor shower , a few stone walls rumbled tardily into place .
one object seems out of place .
kallusin stood in place as the general walked into the chamber .
and if daneel does know -- then he will not oppose what is set in place , because he trusts the instincts of hari seldon .
siona sank to a sitting position on the cold rock and remained silent , not yet ready to ask for a resting place within the lip of his warm front segment .
taraza 's design was clear , all the pieces in place .
-stories of the hidden wisdom , from the oral history of rakis several times since coming to rakis , odrade had found herself caught in the memory of that ancient painting which occupied such a prominent place on the wall of taraza 's chapter house quarters .
he thought of the thousands of people who 'd worked on it , performing superhuman feats with massive stones that would ' ve been difficult to move into place even with modern technology .
` ` three little urchins show up in the streets of my town , dressed in ill - fitting clothes , looking as out of place as an anvil in a cooper 's shop , and you ask who i am ? ''
like a lock falling into place inside sera 's mind .
` ` you get the engineering correct and the animals will fall into place .
lifting her cowl into place around her head , she realized that he was moving a lot easier this time than he 'd been when he left earlier .
you move your hands with mine to the same place on your panel and we 'll be fine .
smiling at her , he kissed the woman 's cheek , then smoothed one of her curls that had fallen out of place .
everything is already in place .
even if you were extremely lucky - and the planet were in the exact same place in its orbit - the earth 's rotation would mean that you 'd appear somewhere else on its surface .
then it has nothing to do with us , she decided as she returned the picture to its place in the bedroom .
the berg had come to a stop , humming as it hovered in place .
choking out a cough , mark sought more places for his hands and feet , dropped another yard or so .
he spoke only a few words , but they were so absurd and out of place that it just made the whole thing that much more horrifying .
the final pieces will be found and put into place .
but it was all part of a plan that you not only agreed to , but helped set in place .
thomas turned to see the little robotic lizard crouched in place , red light beaming .
everyone , get to your places .
thomas inspected the glade , the walls of the maze rising up behind him , but nothing was out of place .
he paused , and the wheels spun inside michael 's mind , like gears and cogs clicking into place .
and things just fell into place for me , without any real effort on my part .
fortunately , he seemed to understand what i was doing ; i got him in place and told him to hold on to me .
my distorted left hand functioned , weakly , but it hurt like hell , and would until i could get enough quiet and focus to get everything back into its proper place .
i watched as murphy got her gear into place .
` ` let 's get some bio in place if we 're staying the night , '' is all she says .
within twenty - four , all the necessary connections will be in place , and you should comprehend the language fully . ''
the low hum of conversation ceases as she takes her place among us .
then she takes her place at the head of the room .
since we surprise him in the middle of the room , karom has been apparently pacing while the others occupy their assigned places .
then she checks herself , resuming her place .
` ` it may be a while before i have all the technology in place , '' i warn .
with the tow cables in place , we 'll launch the boarding apparatus and connect to their hatch doors .
regardless , we could n't have guessed they 'd have men already in place down here , unless- no .
he put the rudimentary vocabulary in place on ithiss - tor , but said he could n't guarantee results .
` ` that means we need enough time to let our allies get their ships in place . ''
the two crewmen secure themselves opposite us , and vel takes his place next to me , smoothly fastening his harness .
my old friend , loras , with whom i have a complicated relationship , woven of mingled affection and guilt , thinks going through channels is a monumental waste of time , but he let me do it while he puts other plans in place .
using quiet laser drillers and the natural tunnels already in place , we ' ve constructed an impressive base of operations in the last six months , projecting that our final appeal would fail .
every second increases the chances that someone will notice readings out of place even though this property is isolated .
afterward , i fumble only a little in getting the new vial in place .
` ` at least it is n't out of place , '' michael said , knocking snow off of his boots .
heavy sheets of what looked like steel fell into place at the top and bottom of the stairs simultaneously , and i could all but hear the ominous boom !
mouse gave the apron an approving glance , and waited patiently until his disguise was in place .
the rest of michael 's shirt , and both of sanya 's , had been pressed into service as emergency bandages - and layers of duct tape had been wrapped around and around them , sealing them into place around both arms , over his belly , and around one leg .
nicodemus sat up in place on the throne , sensing that the plan he 'd thought was going along so swimmingly had begun to fall apart .
one single thing a fraction of an inch out of place and the whole thing goes kablooie .
he looked for a place to carry additional nut bars , but his polyester jumpsuit had no pockets .
the guard stepped away , resuming his place at the wall .
idly , evans straightened up the couch , putting the cushions in place , fluffing them amp ; he felt something .
a moment later , he saw jennifer scramble from her hiding place behind the door to grab the keys .
then they flat - bedded it out that night , set it on the road , fired up the smoke pots amp ; '' ` ` and you drove right past a wreck that was already in place , '' evans said .
his two brutish mercenaries climbed from their places atop their wagons , then moved to build a small fire .
bluth slid the wooden side into place beneath the wagon , then opened the other two sides .
at one point , his leathery - faced friend warned him that if they did n't have their bridge in place quickly enough , they 'd be punished with whippings when they returned to camp .
several times after pushing the bridge into place , kaladin collapsed , feeling sure he 'd never be able to stand again .
the army 's archers exchanged arrows with the parshendi as the soldiers pushed the bridge into place and heavy cavalry thundered across , smashing into the parshendi .
kaladin sighed , getting into place as some unfortunate soldiers joined them .
most of the alcoves were now dim , and patient servants were returning tomes to their safe place beyond the crystal walls .
the room was kept neat , the shelves and table washed clean each morning , everything in its place .
lirin asked , bottles of oil and alcohol clinking as he returned them to their places .
with deft hands , however , he tied the reeds into place underneath the bed right beside two other bundles .
kaladin set down the rock , moving it into place .
kal grew increasingly excited as the carriage rolled slowly into place .
he carried it to the bookshelf and returned it to its place .
not much time , kaladin thought , gesturing for rock to carry his burden to a place near the front of bridge four 's barrack .
he slid from his place , dropping to the ground , oversized cloak fluttering .
they shoulder - carried it to the front of the army and put it down , waiting for the other bridges to get in place .
foot soldiers had started to help push bridge six into place .
the soldiers finally maneuvered bridge six into place , and two more bridge crews got theirs down , but half of the bridges had n't made it .
her fingers moved again , clutching the charcoal pencil , beginning a new picture on the blank sheet strapped in place on the table , unable to escape .
dallet would see kaladin 's own squad into place .
` ` the men are in place . ''
a group of soldiers unhooked the bridges and pushed them into place while dalinar 's archers set up and exchanged fire with the parshendi .
the distraction let the soldiers get the large bridges into place , and some heavy cavalry charged across to help .
as the horse approached , dalinar grabbed the saddle - holds and heaved himself up and into place .
it was harder to remove ; it had grown into the skull in places , and he had to saw with the serrated section of the blade .
using the rope on the short end of the knot , he slipped his pouch of dun spheres into the sack with the armor , then tied it into place underneath the bridge where - he hoped - lopen and dabbid would be able to get to it from above .
there are shardblades in the visions , but they seem so out of place .
kaladin took his place at the very front of his bridge .
bridge four was in place , cavalry charging across to attack the archers .
the final piece fell into place inside of him , the final cornerstone , and he found that he was no longer worried .
whatever they think , up close and personal there 's something definitely wrong with them even when they 're america - side , and no one wants to scare the new fish before the net 's properly in place .
jake followed him toward the store , oy falling in at his accustomed place by the boy 's left heel .
two of the overhead walkways had fallen , littering the main courtyard with shattered chunks of stone , but six others remained in place , crisscrossing at different levels in a way that made her think of turnpike entrances and exits where a number of major highways met .
fimalo studied them gravely from his place on the far side of the bridge .
` ` swear to me that all you told us was true , '' she bade the ugly ancient sitting on the cobbled bridge and below the cold gaze of the crows , who were beginning to settle back to their former places .
he looked at her from his place by the fire , eyebrows raised .
and when the fire was blazing , he slumped back down in his former place with his arms between his bony knees , already more asleep than awake .
the same disaster of spoilage , the same stench of rats and rotted food , the same fitful swirl of dust in the murky light pushing through the smudged windows , every out - of - place thing in its place , undisturbed .
the man with the rifle wordlessly fell into place behind them ; the man by the car saluted and opened the door .
he took his place at the power bar to her left , kept his profile to her when he spoke .
the fenian ram coasted out of the dark hole of the tunnel like a sea monster emerging from its lair , turned , scattering the fish , and slanted down to a resting place in the burnt - umber mud of the canyon bottom .
ramsey locked a stool in place before the bench , sat down .
the final seal went into place .
bring it forward three feet and lock it while you lift the rear hinge section into place . ''
sparrow swung an extension torch into place above the broken hinge , locked it into position , lifted the broken end until the sheared sections touched .
` ` drop the bolts into place along the inner face , then throw a little torque into the drive bar .
he slid across the seat and slouched in his former place , rubbing it and sulking .
he saw the way its claws clicked on the empty place which had been occupied by his foot and leg a moment before , and thought of the gunslinger 's missing fingers .
the fine table now looked horribly out of place in the dingy room .
yes , a seal could be placed in an out - of - the way place on an object , then covered over .
she 'd spent part of the time pulling stacks of paper out from their place beneath the bed , then crawling under to fetch others .
he swung the scope and micromanipulators into place , leaned into the rests .
` ` aye , the sweeper 's in every night , dusting and arranging just so , and every night as he leaves , mr . trent says to the sweeper , ' a place for everything , and everything in its place , ' and then he leaves , seven o'clock punctual . ''
one of the two is out of place .
it was n't heavy - he lifted it easily and slid it into place next to walter 's .
i really looked at ian for the first time as he walked back to the dark mat where it lay on the open dirt - out of place , not belonging .
he yanked the door out of his way - roughly but very quietly - and then slid into his room and put the door back in its place .
he had me get out before he pulled the car into its impossibly small hiding place under the rock slide .
we got to the jeep 's hiding place before the sun had climbed over the eastern peaks , though the sky was already light blue .
lowering his gaze , he started toward his sleeping place .
now he walked past the towering clothes tree toward his sleeping place , which was underneath a water heater .
she had set the table in her impeccable way , each dish and cup in its proper place , each cookie and cake arranged symmetrically .
he ran back to the wicker table and shook loose the bar from its place .
while she made sure he had everything he needed , bent far over to give him a dutiful peck on the forehead , went back up the steps and lowered the door into place , scott stood motionless in the middle of the floor .
at a breath of sound the coil thumped down and he snatched the spear from its place again , throwing it out before him .
by noon , all the furniture was in place .
he nodded as he saw the gondola swing into place , then he depressed the switch .
the ship is about to be put in its proper place , a functiona ... . '' ` ` where 's waela ? ''
craig mimicked savagely from his place on the floor .
he reached for the legal pad in front of his place at the table , but the pad was gone .
something was out of place ... or lost ... or forgotten .
the two children were the only ones who happened to be looking directly at the survivors of flight 29 when the change took place ; the children were the only ones who saw four men and two women appear in a place where there had only been a wall the second before .
at the first ledge , scudi put an arm around his waist and helped him to a place against another ladder .
he fumbled over the slips and catches , putting the support into place around his neck .
twisp sat at his usual place by the tiller but the boat chugged along on autopilot .
the stars were coming brighter overhead , venus glowing steadily , the dipper in its accustomed place .
` ` hurry up , daddy - doo , '' ralphie commanded from his place in the wagon .
she took the broom from its place in the pantry alcove and began to sweep up spilled flour and macaroni .
cammie got up from her place by the pantry door , and came over .
kim and her daughter had resumed their former places by the wall , only now sitting in kitchen chairs instead of on the floor .
they were in moue 's place behind the store , which was a rat warren of old newsies , stolen musical instruments , stolen cameras , and boxes of black - market groceries .
when he judged that the far edge of the cover was on the edge of dropping into place , he gave one last fierce tug .
the bird 's roll - up stairway was just being put into place by four men wearing coveralls .
he abandoned his place by the wall and pushed his way after her .
in the lunchroom he found melissa and dess in the usual place .
all of them were in their usual places , and the other things that lived in the blue time were in hiding , cowed by the energies of the storm .
jess realized that dess was in her usual place across the table .
once she was in place , she touched the butt of roland 's pistol .
nathaniel hawthorne looked over her shoulder , frowning at jake from his place on the wall .
he took it , returning to his place by the fire , and picked up roland 's knife again .
she could not see its - his - hands , but she could see their work as her dress tore violently open in several places .
at the place where the pressure of the twist was the great - est , a gaping , eye - shaped hole ran across the deck .
some of the faces had fallen from their places and lay in granite shards and splinters seventy or eighty feet below their peers .
the nurse moved to lift the chart from its place at the foot of the bed .
once settled in the chair , he struggled as it were to move himself backwards for more comfort , and when he failed to accomplish his aim , the powerful slave moved him and then placed the chair as the master wanted it , and then took his place at the master 's back .
charlotte quietly observed all this and then returned to her place at the table .
she was still laughing at me , for what i had said , when i stopped her ' what is this , a prison '' ' you are in prison , within your body , ' she said , and pushed me through the door i drew myself up and meant to go back out , but the door was shut and being bolted by others i heard the bolt slide into place i looked about me , in anger and confusion a spacious apartment i saw , with a great four - poster bed , fit for the king of england , though it was fitted out in muslin rather than velvet , and in the netting they use here to fend off the mosquitoes , and on either side of it burned candles rugs covered the tiled floor , and indeed the front of the little house was entirely open , its shutters back , but i soon saw why , for to walk even ten steps out was to come to a balustrade , and beyond that , i soon saw upon clumsy investigation , as she held my arm to steady me , was nothing but a great plunge to the beach below and the lapping sea ' i do not care to spend the night here , ' i said to her , ' and if you will not provide me with a coach , i shall walk to port - au - prince ' ' explain this to me , that you do not like pleasure , ' she said gently , tugging at my coat ' surely you are hot in these miserable garments do all dutchmen wear such clothes ? '
' i was considering all this , aware of no perceptible change in the racket from the hallway behind me , when there suddenly came over me the realization that something in my immediate environment had undergone a radical and significant change slowly i looked up there was someone reflected in the mirror a lone figure , it seemed with a start i looked over my shoulder no one there and then back again to the dim and shadowy glass ' a man was gazing out from the immaterial realm beyond it , and as i studied him , the adrenaline pumping and my senses sharpening , his image grew brighter and clearer , until he was vividly and undeniably a young man of pale complexion and dark brown eyes , staring angrily and malevolently and unmistakably down at me ' at last the image reached its fullest potency and so vital was it , that it seemed a mortal man had secreted himself in a chamber behind the mirror , and having removed the glass was peering at me from the empty frame ' never in all my years with the talamasca had i seen an apparition so exquisitely realized the man appeared to be perhaps thirty years of age , his skin was deliberately flawless , yet carefully colored , with a blush to the cheeks and a faint paling beneath the eyes his clothing was extremely old - fashioned , with an upturned white collar and a rich silk tie as for the hair , it was wavy and ever so slightly unkempt , as if he had only just run his fingers through it the mouth appeared soft , youthful and slightly ruddy i could see the fine lines in the lips indeed i could see the barest shadow of a shaven beard on his chin ' but the effect was horrible , for it was not a human being , or a painting , or a reflection but something infinitely more brilliant than any of these , and yet silently alive ' the brown eyes were full of hatred , and as i looked at the creature , his mouth quivered ever so slightly with anger , and finally rage ' quite slowly and deliberately , i raised my handkerchief to my lips ' did you kill my friend , spirit7 ' i whispered seldom have i felt so enlivened , so heated for adversity ' well , spirit '' i whispered again ' i saw it weakening i saw it lose its solidity , indeed , its very animation the face , so beautifully modelled and expressive of negative emotion , was slowly going blank '' i ' m not so easily dispatched , spirit , ' i said under my breath ' now we have two accounts to settle , do we not ' petyr van abel and stuart townsend , are we agreed on that much7 ' ' the illusion seemed powerless to answer me and quite suddenly the entire mirror shivered , becoming merely a dark glass again as the door to the hallway was slammed shut ' footsteps sounded on the bare floor beyond the edge of the chinese carpet the mirror was definitely empty , reflecting no more than woodwork and books t turned and saw a young woman advancing across the carpet , her eyes fixed on the mirror , her whole demeanor one of anger , confusion , distress it was stella she stood before the mirror , with her back to me , gazing into it , and then turned round '' well , you can describe that to your friends in london , ca n't you7 ' she said she seemed on the edge of hysteria ' you can tell them you saw that1 ' ' i realized she was shaking all over the flimsy gold dress with its layers of fringe was shivering and anxiously she clutched the monstrous emerald at her throat ' i struggled to rise , but she told me to sit down , and immediately took a place on the couch to my left , her hand laid firmly on my knee she leant over very close to me , so close that i could see the mascara on her long lashes , and the powder on her cheeks she was like a great kewpie doll looking at me , a cinema goddess , naked in her gossamer silk '' listen , can you take me with you ? '
she sat back as he took his place beside her .
the new boxwood - small and trim - was now in place throughout the garden .
rowan had found a comfortable place in a white lawn chair beneath the largest of the magnolias .
how truly splendid he was , her lover , her angel , beaming at her from his place beside the altar , his hands - without the awful gloves - clasped before him , his head bowed slightly as if he had to shelter his soul from the bright light that shone on him , though his own blue eyes were the most brilliant light of all to her .
herb asher activated the hatch mechanism and the intermediate membrane dropped into place .
he activated the hatch mechanism and the intermediate membrane dropped into place .
barney seated himself at the breakfast table at an unset place .
trying to find the odd detail , the thing that was out of place .
he turned round and round , trying to understand why he had the distinct feeling that something was wrong with what he was seeing - something was missing , or out of place .
until now , nothing he had seen in this world had seemed out of place , or unexpected .
while the breastplate was being tied in place , the head page asked a series of questions , none of which chris could answer .
gordon walked over to one of the glass panels , already standing in place .
` ` did you ever wonder who put all those signs in place ? ''
birds exploded from their sleeping places to swarm in the skies above me .
i turned to will to find the young man gone and a burly dark - furred wolf sitting in his place next to a pile of loose clothes .
her wet suit had been torn open in several places , and paler - than - human blood smeared her paler - than - human flesh .
probably runciter 's body contained a dozen artiforgs , artificial organs grafted into place in his physiological apparatus as the genuine , original ones , failed .
removing the plastic disk from its place , its firm adhesion to his ear , glen runciter said into the microphone , ` ` i 'll talk to you again later . ''
peoria smith , the blind paperboy , was standing in his accustomed place on the corner of sunset and laurel , and if that did n't mean god was in his heaven and all was jake with the world , i did n't know what did .
now that the elevator door was open , i smelled something up here in my little slice of heaven that was so out of place it took a moment for me to recognize it : fresh paint .
we 'll want to get your troops in place in case of a riot . '
i think barbara had that in place long before he actually showed up in person ; this was well planned .
the bright green hat flopped down one side of his square face , and looked very out of place against his dull brown idris travel clothing .
denth and tonk fah took up protective places behind her .
rira leaned forward , sloppy clothing out of place compared with the clothing of the others in the room .
siri asked from her place on the bed .
if you wanted to awaken a skeleton , you 'd have to arrange all the bones together in their correct places .
it was guarded by a large group of brutish men who seemed rather out of place in the fine palace hallways .
` ` you 're early , '' he said , patting a chairdog into place across from mckie and seating himself .
one dipped its wings , maintaining its place in a slow , circling track above the beachball .
mckie patted a chairdog into place , said , ` ` i ' m tired of reading .
the ego - frozen panspechi took her place in the jumpdoor opening .
cheo pushed abnethe aside , took her place in the jumpdoor .
she bowed to us again , her expression a mask , and drifted away , back toward her place behind the throne .
the deputy with ( he monocle smiled from his place by the notice - hoard .
neither roland nor alain replied , so cuthbert leaned over to the rook 's skull , which he had returned to its former place on the horn of his saddle .
susan nimbly plucked the envelope from its place among the phlox and daisies .
bert had resumed his place on the box - seat .
ahead and to the left was a table with places set for two and a cold supper in place , but no one in either chair .
told us hambry - folk do n't care for outsiders at their fairs , and we 'd best keep right to our place on the day of the full moon . ''
she sat in rimer 's high - ceilinged , book - lined study - behind rimer 's ironwood desk , in rimer 's upholstered chair , looking as out of place as a whore 's bloomers on a church altar .
` ` bird and bear and hare and fish , '' she murmured as she was first lowered and then slammed against the pyramid of dry wood , put in the place which had been left for her - the whole crowd chanting in unison now , ` ` charyou tree !
every so often a model would activate and take a walk down the runway , pausing to pose before returning to its original place .
yanking the console , he locked it into place over his lap .
boosting himself out of the vertical shaft , he dropped the grate into place , fingers looped through the grill so he could settle it down without a sound .
and then , sliding into place behind the petit chevalier 's shape , a third shadow joined the line : beginning first as a small speck and rapidly growing , larger and larger and larger , until at last it swallowed up the other , and with a dreadful shattering roar a tremendous regal copper came thundering down from above .
he flattened his ruff and said , ` ` then you may help put the logs in place , since you have so very cleverly set them on fire before they were lined up properly . ''
the horse and the general wheeled away , aides in train , and laurence went back to temeraire , who was pushing the last few logs into place with a broken - off branch , to save his talons from singeing : the fire was still very hot .
majestatis had ignored all the struggle , and taken himself a place just on the other side of the courtyard wall , to the south ; temeraire could hear perscitia arguing with him indignantly .
` ` you ought to go take a place in the courtyard , '' she said .
` ` you would be more comfortable in the courtyard , '' perscitia said , ` ` and you can have a place there if you only make a little push for one : you do not need this one . ''
the square was trying desperately to re - form , some soldiers crawling back to their places on hands and knees , too dazed yet even to stand , dragging their muskets along behind them .
laurence called , and he started : excidium was roaring out the signal , distantly , and he was not yet in place !
he edged up the trunk , to his favorite place in the crook of two branches , and looked down at the potter 's field below him , a brambly patch of weeds and unmown grass in the moonlight .
he put the paperweight down on the ground that had once been a nettle patch , placed it in the place that he estimated her head would have been , and , pausing only to look at his handiwork for a moment , he went through the railings and made his way , rather less gingerly , back up the hill .
looking vastly out of place amid all the machinery were figures in dark robes , nothing but blackness visible beneath their hoods .
again and again , i drank as the boys refilled our goblets , and my eyes were drawn back to the area before me when a great painted backdrop of streets and buildings was wheeled noisily into place , transforming the flagstones into a more elaborate stage .
and for the moment , i merely moved the stones back into place .
aziraphale had half turned , and the profile had finally clicked into place .
was stuck in a place of prominence in its window .
brother fuliginous pushed the door closed behind him , and swung the bolts back into place .
i still do not understand the ramifications of this : from what he said , parking places had as much to do with status at the studio as gifts from the emperor determined one 's status in the court of ancient china .
` ` the stars and the planets and the moon are all in the right places .
goring , take his place in the shower ... ` ` the showers were too hot .
from his place at the mother 's breast suck suck sucking the mother 's rich milk yet the demon brother laughed in contempt and anger for why there be this other here , why this , why ` ` brother , '' why ` ` twin , '' when there is me .
he felt a clumsy child under their valeting , thrust one way and then another as he put his limbs continuously in the wrong places ; then they brought him a tray of food : rice and dried fish and pungent broth , with an array of startling pickles .
he put the sword inside his bundle of clothing , pulling out folds to conceal it from hilt to tip , and restored the chest and desk to their places .
` ` if i have taken it , '' laurence said , when they demanded its hiding place , ` ` in doing so i have only been taking my own again , and i do not consider i owe you either apology or explanation in such circumstances .
the second guard roused up , abashed ; the two men muttered excuses , which junichiro evidently cut short ; he motioned them out of the room , and climbing in made to stand sentry in their place , his face hard and watchful .
in addition to digging up wen shen , gong su had spoken with the captains of the chinese ships ; all the vessels had subsequently weighed anchor and maneuvered , awkwardly , into places around the potentate , evidently with the design of providing her some protection .
temeraire nudged the others beside him , when he saw the brown dragon look over , to make an inviting open place for him to land on the deck .
they could not discuss it : the dragon landed with an easy flip upon the deck before them , and settled himself in the waiting opened place , while nitidus landed on temeraire 's back and made himself comfortable .
she returned scarcely an hour later , dropping back into place , and took up her banner again .
even as their own company approached , the party leapt aloft to meet them and fell into place off their left flank and slightly above , in a simple arrow - head formation , the blue dragon at the rear and center .
but she had had the nurse put the flowers in a place of honor by her bed and , several times since , had asked fat charlie if he had heard anything about his father coming and visiting her before it was all over .
shaking my head at his behavior , i spun around and claimed my place at the wall .
the furniture was cheap and a bit out of place , like something you might see in the on - site trailer at a construction site .
she moved the chair back to its rightful place : in front of the desk , not on top of it .
they tried to take the base shortly after the outbreak , before the immari burned the city and got their air defenses in place .
the group shifted backpacks into place and excess hand lanterns were clicked off .
taking advantage of their confusion , ben slipped from his hiding place , grabbed his flashlight , and ran .
harry planted the haft of his spear in a divot on the floor and held it in place with his foot , leaning the length of the shaft forward , blade pointing down the tunnel .
from seventy yards away , matt spotted the now familiar parka - clad figure brace himself in place , shouldering the grenade launcher .
already in place , two soldiers swung up huge cannons by the doors .
the gold tile then descended , sliding smoothly back to its place in the floor 's pattern .
dale finished prepping the sample , locking it into place on the scanner 's tray .
sam reloaded his rifle on the fly , fingers fumbling shells into place .
under the carriage of the helicopter , henry felt the bump and scrape as the spare fuel tanks were loaded in place .
` ` do n't move , '' sam mumbled , freezing in place himself .
but the petite teacher was clearly out of place here as she crawled from under a pile of old newspapers and rotted vegetables .
karen rolled to her belly and lugged the star into place in the depression .
david goosed his thrusters and swung around , aiming for the four thick cables that had been used to lower and guide the laboratory section into place .
hovering in place , david guided his lights along its length .
he could see the man 's watery image , saw him pause , floating the jet ski in place .
in his other hand , he drew the machete back , kicking to hold his place , squeezing tama 's hand .
with a plan in place , everyone began to busy themselves setting up their homestead a short distance from the river .
it seemed out of place here , the only structure built on the ground .
everything was now in place for the assault tomorrow .
then returned the tool to its place and took another of the curved knives and positioned it at the crown of her scalp .
he mapped and explored most of the tunnels and had these room pillars put in place .
she swung in place , facing back toward her initial hiding place by the wall .
turning , holding the snake at arm 's length , he positioned the snake 's tail over the bucket and wound its body down into it , coiling it into place .
omaha fit the oars into place .
then a moment ago , he had watched a camel stroll by through the rain , seemingly unconcerned by the gunfire , moving with steady determination to pass his hiding place and disappear in front of the tomb .
they carried a steaming basin , folded cloths , a covered brazier , and oddly out of place , a box with the red cross of an emergency medical kit .
she shoved to her feet and held the scanner over the rail , moving from midship toward safia 's place at the bow .
monk and the others had sought not only a hiding place in the van after their escape , but also a vantage to get some photographs of the assailants .
and while kat had given herself up for monk , the woman had had a rescue plan in place , botched though it may have ended .
even the desk in the corner seemed more in place to support the hot plate and teakettle than for any clerical function .
` ` two plans were laid in place .
lowering the phone , she reached over and shifted a single lock of his blond hair that had fallen out of place .
monk bent down and hauled the door up , snapping it into place overhead .
with the crucifix in place , i think i can turn it .
he settled them in place and opened a laptop he 'd carried under one arm .
according to his man , the concussion charges had already been secured in place .
his muscles strained , and the small circle shifted out of place , pivoting around a vertical axis , like a valve in a pipe .
as he rocked in place , he stared toward the stern of the raft , as if watching his friends spread their bread crumbs , but monk knew the boy 's gaze stretched much farther .
with or without him , systems were in place and would run their course .
beyond the man 's hiding place , gray watched the sliver of sunlight between the massive concrete wall and the trundling hangar pinch ever closer together .
the team set the charges in place last night .
everything in its place and serving its function . ''
everything in its place and serving its function .
you were clearly expecting this call , so i can only assume you had countermeasures in place . ''
once the piece was in place , a slight fluting on the other side paired up with it , forming a pair of wings .
once painter knew where in yellowstone we were going , he had our forces dropped into place before everyone got here .
` ` i know , but kawtch was chewing at his stitches , and by the time i caught him and got his cone put in place ... '' she sighed , done with excuses .
several stretches of trees were still in massive boxes , waiting to be craned into place and planted .
in the aftermath of the attack , chaos still reigned , but it would n't be long before forensic teams discovered the sniper 's hiding place .
everything to maintain that ruse was already in place .
once in place , a few drops of surgical glue closed the cut , sealing the magnet beneath his skin , where it rested beside the somatosensory nerves responsible for a fingertip 's perception of pressure , temperature , and pain .
while locked in that tomb , she found the boxes again - only now with the cross returned to its proper place inside .
everyone found seats , and harnesses clicked into place .
jada could not hold her place any longer , dragged by the tide of sand .
he 'd been working ceres security for sixteen years , and he had n't started with many illusions in place .
nothing seemed out of place here - no blood , no broken chairs or torn padding .
half a dozen clues clicked into place in holden 's head .
within seconds he was in free fall , wracked with coughs as his organs tried to find their original resting places inside his body .
the buddha smiled beatifically from his place by the wall .
prax handed the wounded man off to him without a word and then slid in place behind paula as she scanned the hallways ahead with her machine pistol .
the rocinante slid into place beside an extending airlock port with the same beauty prax had seen in that dance , but made more powerful by the knowledge that instead of skin and muscles , this was tons of high - tensile steel and live fusion reactors .
david put his elbows against the table as one by one values within his error bars clicked into place .
everything in place .
jojo left , and bull took his place at the desk , identifying himself to the system and starting the process of locking sam out of her own ship .
` ` got a rib that i think just slid back into place this morning .
ren was there , his coffin toolbox shifted in place despite the electromagnetic clamps .
i think my ribs were popped out of place .
instead , another , heavier - looking door slid into place over the first , and the panel naomi was working on went dark .
they were drifting now , coming together and spreading apart , taking their places in the captured ring around the eerie station .
she tucked her back as far into the corner of the room as it would go , her body looking for a safe place with a small child 's insistence .
as bull watched , the vast red - painted circular hatches groaned and began rolling into place .
` ` i do n't know what sam put in place to sabotage the comm laser , '' naomi said .
a lock of red hair had come out of place and fell over her left eye .
with a plan in place , gray ordered the two groups to split up .
the bombs could ' ve been drilled into place and frozen over long before the station arrived . ''
the slope looked man - made , likely bulldozed into place , made of the same loose stone as the beach .
harrington sat on the opposite side , equally secure in place .
jenna sat on a chair in the lab , pinned in place by the hulking native , mateo .
he knew that would happen , and he had plans in place that would protect him from discovery , obscure his involvement in anything actionable , and punish brutally and irrevocably whoever had chosen to make that trade .
oestra walked past them both , taking his place by the window .
the mighty would fall , the meek would rise up in their places and become mighty .
when he got back to his place at the tree , scarlet was framed by the glass wall .
the plans that scarlet had put in place were unfolding .
` ` at a guess , we kill you , '' baasen said from his place beside the door .
` ` we would n't have to do this if it was n't for people wanting to suck on rce 's tit , '' he said as he rolled the last barrel into place .
` ` - i have left , '' murtry was saying from his place at the front of the room .
instead , he tended to stick to his own familiar place beside the brig .
it was the size and shape of a human , and elvi felt a moment 's disorientation at how utterly out of place it seemed .
opened his eyes in time to see her place the last card , having won her game .
` ` from my place at the back of the line , '' he said , ` ` i saw what was happening to our people above ground .
for fourteen years he 'd lived in this tiny space , and it exuded the messy comfort of home , with everything ( sort of ) in its place .
from where he stood , it was a crushing collection of sights and sounds : all those little mounds of dirt , the dead waiting to be lowered into their final resting places , the grieving of those who had lost everything , the mountain people standing behind the townies looking solemnly on , and the column of smoke at the north end of town coughing spirals of sweet - smelling black into the sky as six hundred abby corpses smoldered into nothing .
whoever holds the center section controls the destination , and needs to focus mentally on that location as the other sections slide into place .
knowing her , it would be in its place under his bed .
but the beds were in place .
he checked inside and found the contents in place , including the figurines of the leviathan and the tower he had brought from wyrmroost .
as are the spells i have in place on the doors . ''
if he had expected the keep to be crawling with spies , he would have stayed in his hiding place .
many of the flagstones were out of place , and tall weeds throve in the gaps .
he raced to the bookshelf , frantically scooping armfuls of volumes out of place , hoping to find a hidden safe in the wall .
many of the paving stones were out of place or hidden beneath vegetation , but plenty were visible to help him follow the road .
jasnah headed toward the doors but then stopped in place .
tozbek quickly had one of his men lash a second box in place .
` ` well , i will let navani know you are amenable to the engagement , and we should have a causal in place within the day . ''
teft grunted , affixing his combat knife in its place on his belt .
dalinar pointed toward the flapping banner , and one of his large mechanical bridges rolled into place .
jasnah 's trunk was tied in place near the front wall .
kaladin passed him and found his customary place by the fire to relax and think .
* * * a few hours later , sadeas settled down into his place in the dueling arena , tugging at the stock on his neck .
you could get so much more done when everything was in its place , when you could easily find what or whom you needed .
father looked toward shallan , and she realized she 'd frozen in place again at the mention of her mother , sitting at her table just before the high table .
in the basin itself , most of the trees had been broken down , though some were instead used to hold up canopies dozens of yards wide , tied in place high above .
revilar 's two servants took up places behind him .
` ` have you any idea the kinds of policies he put into place before dalinar got him under control ? ''
he sat back down , moash slinking into his place , annoyed .
she grabbed the railing with her freehand , remaining in place , clutching her satchel to her chest with her safehand .
pattern asked from his place on her coat , sounding genuinely curious .
the footman closed the door , then climbed into a place at the back of the carriage .
they rose from their places atop the pillar .
only one week remained , and he had the majority of the preparations in place , such as mobile bridge construction and supply estimations .
one of the men at the side drew his attention in particular : renarin , wearing his bridge four uniform , hefting the bridge into place .
he helped set the bridge down , then - noticing the vanguard moving out in front of the army - he and the bridgemen shoved their bridge into place across the chasm .
dalinar , navani , and amaram passed a group of spearmen running to get into place with their battalion , which was counting ranks .
shallan could n't make out much more , as he sat across the chasm from them , a portable bridge in place to his plateau .
i just needed to have a plan in place to deal with her .
` ` you paid her off , i assume , and went in her place - after having the priest place tape on the door .
00:14 , 00:13 , 00:12 , sang little cress as she wrestled the drawer back into place .
` ` no , '' she said , distracting herself by returning each tool to its designated place on the magnetic wall .
he swung at me wildly and i took a small step back before aiming for the exact place i needed on his legs .
i steadied addie with my right arm , hooking it around her neck to keep her in place .
longer , if i was n't able to put the bone back in the right place .
the sheets moved as i pushed the dresser back in its place , and callum emerged from behind them .
we stared down at row upon row of worn gilt seats , rapidly being filled by the people sitting in them , saw the orchestra pit filled with the febrile scratchings of musicians tuning their instruments , and beyond that , the plain wooden stage , half - hidden by burgundy curtains that had great , gaping holes in them , revealing the scurrying singers behind the veil , the grunt and nudge of set pieces moving into place .
i have left out so much , and yet there is no time now to go back and put it in its proper place .
as i delved deeper into the mrin codex , my sense of what lay ahead of us grew more troubled , but so far as i could determine , we had everything in place that needed to be there , so we were ready .
' i think maybe i 'll run on down to rak cthol and have another little chat with ctuchik as soon as the alorns are in place .
i was no more than a hundred feet above the desert floor when i finally got all my feathers in place .
' we 're in place , but let 's give the drasnian pikemen a day or so to catch their breath .
the serpent queen was in her usual place , lounging on her throne and admiring her reflection in the mirror as if nothing untoward were happening .
a number of things fell into place for me - including the reason for my instructions not to kill zedar .
they 'd hauled their siege - engines into place , and they started out by trying to loft boulders into the city .
' and the child of light shall take the jewel from its accustomed place - ' i 'd thought that it meant that this interim child would take down the sword and deliver it to brand .
i spent much of the following summer scurrying around to make certain that everything was in place .
certain things are going to have to be in place before brand can issue his challenge , and if torak does anything to disrupt any of that , we 'll have an entirely different event - one that 's probably not even mentioned in the mrin or the ashabine oracles .
' i guess i 'd better get my bowmen in place , ' he said as if nothing had happened .
i want those soldiers to be in place and fresh when beldin gets here day after tomorrow . '
a scholar at the university of tol honeth once wrote a long dissertation about the mythic significance of those horn blasts , but they were n't really anything but announcements that the various forces were in place and ready .
i do n't want to start anything until i ' ve seen for myself that beldin 's in place . '
the sailors untied the ropes that held the ship up against the wharf , and then pushed us a ways out and took their places at the oars .
we moved into place , one on either side of beldaran , and walked with stately pace down the aisle that led past the pits where burning peat provided warmth to the front , where riva and his family awaited us .
everything here is somehow perfectly right with nothing out of place and no ugliness anywhere to be seen .
oldoran , his eyes unfocused , sat in his accustomed place .
the remainder of the legions will be in place before the week is out .
leeching the residue of strong drink from a man 's body is n't particularly difficult , but i wanted something in place within nerasin 's body before i did that .
by the summer of 2942 , everything was in place .
all of the prophecies were now in place , and now that we had our instructions , all we had to do was carry them out .
when you build your house between two others , the side walls are already in place .
we 'll want to start moving into place then .
' e'en now are mine engines of war being moved into place .
i want those armies to be in place and fresh when beldin gets here the day after tomorrow .
' we 'll have to have forces in place to respond either to scarpa or to an army coming out of cynesga .
mirtai was not in her customary place at the door , and that made berit even more edgy .
sparhawk and the others have a long way to go , and we want to be sure they 're in place before krager - or whoever it is - makes contact with us .
' there 's an army of some kind moving into place somewhere to the east of argoch .
the buildings were constructed for the most part of squared - off logs , since stone was rare here on the vast , soggy delta of the arjun river , and the logs appeared to have been attacked by damp rot almost before they were in place .
' komier 's arm is broken in three places , ' sir heldin rumbled when he joined the mail - shirted patriarch bergsten , ambassador fontan , and archimandrite monsel in monsel 's book - littered study in the east wing of the palace , ' and darellon 's still seeing two of everything .
vanion turned to see the child goddess calmly sitting in her usual place on sephrenia 's lap .
then he went to a place near the head of the bed and kicked some clothes out of the way .
when the time comes , you will all be in place - even if i have to pick you up one by one and carry you . '
chacole will want everything in place before she starts to form other alliances .
' engessa - atan , ' betuana said firmly , ' i have long thought that this formality of yours is out of place .
' when i say , ` ` lift '' , ' sparhawk instructed , settling his hands into place around the ring , ' and do n't let it clank when we set it down .
kalten , bevier , mirtai , and sparhawk all rose slowly , straining to lift the rusty iron plate up out of its place among the worn cobblestones .
then setras , with not so much as a hair out of place , came sauntering out of the fire .
she 's making sure the others are all in place . '
about ten minutes later , khalad and a few dozen knights dragged a large log into place before the gate , suspended it on ropes attached to several makeshift tripods , and began to pound on the rotting timbers .
vanion put the letter back in its proper place , folded the packet , and tucked it inside his doublet .
they crept up on me in the dark , and they did n't start to glow until they were in place . '
a number of things were rapidly falling into place in sparhawk 's mind .
' the signal fires are all in place .
they moved to their places with slow , stately pace , their expressions grave , even exalted .
the styric , his eyes apprehensive , sat among the ministers , his white robe looking oddly out of place among all the bright - colored silk mantles .
then he rapped his hammer around the edge of the lid , settling it in place .
the first part of the pier was already anchored in place , and it jutted about a quarter of a mile out into the icy water .
' he 's going to wear out his fingers , ' kalten grunted , lifting another large rock into place .
' bevier , ' he called , ' he 's forming up his troops on the road to march them into place . '
' the walls are really very sturdy , and the fosse is already in place .
i sometimes think you elenes place far too much significance on it . '
the courtyard had been cleared , and bevier and his men were moving their catapults into place on the parapet .
zakath had been walking up and down the deck trying to set his armor into place .
' the other night i took a rather careful note of his customary place at the table .
she had everything in place in nyissa before she ever went to cherek to pick up those bear - cultists .
she 'd even put things in place so that we all suspected the cult instead of her . '
he laughed , firmly took the diamond from her tightly clenched little fist , and returned it to its place under the step .
the archers are already in place , and their bows are already drawn .
he moved his army into place around maga renn some weks back .
if he gets that blockade in place , you might have some difficulty getting across the river . ''
when the first light of day began to tinge the misty eastern horizon , they pushed out into the fog and took their places at the oars .
he twisted his huge hands on the handle of his sledge to set them in place , then he swung a vast , overhand blow that took the demon lord full in the chest .
almost as an afterthought he ducked his head and arm through the strap attached to the sheath of iron - grip 's sword and shrugged it into place across his back .
brador once again took his place beside the map , fending off the same kitten with his pointer .
after a bit of fumbling with his equipment , he managed to get his shield in place and his lance properly advanced .
the shadow - covered figure took its place behind his left shoulder and bent forward toward his ear , whispering , whispering .
he returned the knife to his boot and drew another from its place of concealment at the small of his back and yet a third from its sheath down the back of his neck .
one by one , they climbed down the ladder into the boat the one - eyed man had pulled into place under the wharf .
once they were clear of the beach , they quickly took their places and began to row , pulling hard for the city across the narrow channel .
at the opposite end of the line , durnik and silk moved into place .
then at last , belgarath could turn toward the isle of the winds to restore the orb to its rightful place .
there in the hall of the rivan king at erastide , the child whom they called errand placed the orb of aldur into garion 's hand , and garion stood on the throne to set it in its accustomed place on the pommel of the great sword of the rivan king .
the orb was again in its rightful place to protect the west .
belgarion , king of riva and overlord of the west , sat upon the throne in the hall of the rivan king with the orb of aldur once again in its proper place above his throne .
those howls were cut off sharply as the tolnedran legionnaires , who had quietly filed into place along the colonnade surrounding the main temple floor , drew their swords with a huge , steely rasp .
it would , moreover , be totally unnecessary , since the means of destroying the engines on the north side are already in place . ''
` ` the string 's in place on this side . ''
` ` go back and tell barak to start moving the troops into place . ''
` ` barak 's moving the troops into place .
sparhawk took his customary place at vanion 's side with kalten , bevier , tynian and ulath close behind them and the column of pandions strung out to the rear .
as it turned out , there were a few , but vanion 's knights efficiently flushed them from their hiding places and took them to the main door and gave them pointed instructions to join their comrades in the stables .
sparhawk and talen went to places on the bench directly behind annias .
sparhawk saw that ulath , berit and tynian were following , and he waved them off warningly even as dolmant and emban escorted the armoured preceptors to places on the lower , cushioned tiers .
he was very sorry afterwards , of course , but by then harparin was lying in two separate places .
a place on the top of the wall immediately opened for the two pandions .
it was when the outer city lay almost entirely in ruins that martel moved his siege engines into place to begin the steady pounding of the inner city .
' if we can get him down into the cellar where he can hear martel and annias talking , it might give me something to place before the hierocracy . '
that 'll be the sign that his mangonels are in place .
' probably when several of the towers are firmly in place against the walls . '
the colonel and i have to go and get into place before either of our visitors arrive .
the two of them went quickly to the rotting door and took their places , one on either side of it .
he crossed to the door and slid the iron bolt into place .
when the lighted candles were in place , he uncovered the jewel and laid his ringed hands on it .
talen rose from his place to join him .
a thousand things suddenly clicked into place in sparhawk 's mind , things that had never really been explained before .
he twisted the shaft of the spear out of its socket and shook the ruby ring out of its place of concealment .
` ` we repelled a fairly serious assault on the castle 's main gate about midnight , and we 're moving our own engines into place .
chapter 2 sparhawk was dressed in his formal armour , and he strode clanking back and forth in the candlelit room to settle it into place .
sparhawk took his helmet from his squire and settled it in place .
sparhawk locked the scabbard onto the heavy steel studs on the belt and shifted it around into place on his left side .
gravely , sparhawk leaned over and lifted her into her accustomed place in front of the saddle and enfolded her in his cloak .
anyway , if we agree that putting my entire army ashore will be the best way to go , i ' m going to need about a hundred of those wallowing tubs of yours to get me and my people in place . ''
even if the bug - men have reached this side of the wasteland , the malavi and those archers from the north will be able to hold them off until gunda 's got some forts in place . ''
then , when its base is in place , you could invite holy aracia to come out and have a look . ''
if lady aracia wants this fort in place to defend her temple , she might just order all of her priests to come here and lend us a hand .
as soon as the fort 's in place , we 're probably going to be out of work . ''
` ` we want that fort in place as soon as possible . ''
` ` zelana and dahlaine sent me down here to advise you two that the archers of old - bear 's tribe are in place at the upper end of long - pass , '' he called up to them .
` ` if we manage to pry this boulder out of place , that pond behind the dam 's going to start going downhill in a hurry , '' ekial said .
after i 'd trimmed and shaped my bow and got the bowstring in place , i took a few arrows and went out into the woods to make sure that my bow - or the bowstring - would n't break the first time i tried to shoot an arrow .
` ` those two work together fairly well , '' narasan agreed , ` ` so i ' m sure they 'll have a solid foundation in place by the time my men get there .
the creatures of the wasteland have been trying to divert us from this gorge , so i 'd say that it 's going to take quite some time for their main force to reach us here , but we 'd better get the fort in place as soon as we possibly can . ''
his father 's farm covered many acres of land spread out over the gently rolling hills , and every crop had its proper place - wheat to the west and south , vegetables to the north , and the orchard close in just to the east of the well - shaded house .
the commander of the army i hired is a brilliant strategist , and once he gets his people in place , it 's not very likely that our enemy 's going to be able to get past him . '
his soldiers assembled in a narrow ten - man - wide column , and then astal took his place at the head of the column and gave the order to march .
by the time gunda gets here , the bases will be in place and gunda 's men can take it from there . '
' longbow 's archers are coming through the mountains to join up with us here , and once they 're in place , the enemies wo n't pester the men working on the wall , because they 'll be too busy dying . '
' i suppose we could put a sizeable number of archers in place to kill them as they came out into the open .
' if those amateurs down there try to roll one more log out on the ones they ' ve already got in place , the entire thing will tumble down into the gorge and the whole crew will get killed , ' sergeant marpek predicted .
the more or less inept trogite trainees and the highly skilled native bowmen took their positions , set arrows in place , and drew back their bows .
rabbit peered down through the gathering darkness and finally caught sight of several shadowy figures creeping slowly along the log that was now in place .
` ` oarsmen to your places ! ''
` ` it 's a friendlier sort of name , '' eleria told him from her usual place on longbow 's lap , ` ` and i feel very friendly about you , since you 're almost as teenie - weenie as i am .
the oarsmen were in place , of course , but with no one at the tillers , the five ships wandered about the harbor like lost puppies , and every time someone was brave enough - or foolish enough - to rush to the tiller , an arrow came out of the darkness to welcome him .
rabbit could never really recall just exactly when it was that he became aware of the fact that the stars were not always in the same place in the night sky .
` ` let longbow 's archers get into place first .
it was late in the afternoon when they reached the harbor of lattash , and longbow looked back over his shoulder from his place in the bow of the canoe .
as soon as they get the planking in place , the troops on the other side will be able to cross . ''
the leader of the grolims took his place at the altar and began chanting in a deep , hollow voice , his arms raised to the sky .
although he knew most of the people in the hall , the faces around him were all a blur as he and lelldorin walked past the peat fires glowing in the pits in the floor toward the throne where his great sword once more hung in its proper place with the orb of aldur glowing on its pommel .
when she reached the dais , ce'nedra rather impulsively kissed the kindly old gorim 's cheek and then took her place at garion 's side .
` ` we 'll reveal it when it 's returned to its proper place in the hall of the rivan king at midday . ''
belgarath murmured from his accustomed place at the right of the throne .
` ` belgarath , '' barak said back over his shoulder from his place in the lead , ` ` there are some fresh tracks up here . ''
garion went forward to his customary place in the bow of the ship and sat there , staring bleakly out at the tossing sea .
a dog barked briefly , then retreated back to his warm place under some stairs .
the sailors slipped the hawsers and took their places at the oars .
captain greldik took his place at the tiller with barak by his side and signaled to a squat , muscular warrior crouched nearby .
king anheg sheathed his sword and took his place on his throne .
his boots were not in their place , and his walking stick was still missing , thus leading me to conclude he had chosen to once again sleep at his club .
his hand rested on the lever , which i had positioned so he stood in the perfect place for me to bring the statue down on top of him .
` ` maybe she moved them herself - accidentally bumped them out of place . ''
miss norton 's teacup rattled into place on its saucer .
as soon as willa lay back down and settled into place , i moved silently to the table .
hopefully we 'd get some form of government put in place soon that did n't involve me being a dictator or a chiefesse as fohi liked to call it .
jamal and ronald jumped to it , sliding it along its track until it clanged into place against the fence .
i walked over to him and watched as the last shovels of dirt were packed into place .
i looked around me for something that would n't look so out of place it would alert anyone else coming by that someone was there .
paci was standing on a ladder , hammering in some nails , and i was holding the board in place for him .
and we have several trip wires in place with grenades , but i caution against using them at all because they could breach our gate if something does n't fly right .
it would be a grisly job , but having all these pieces in place at least made it seem do - able .
i took deep gulping breaths and fought my instincts to slam the door , instead carefully closing it and slowly moving the deadbolt back into place .
` ` my job is going to be getting our food stores set up and contingency plans in place .
the soldier threw the wet , slightly bloody pieces of cloth onto the ground and took a place behind the guy in charge .
the last piece of the puzzle had just clicked into place for michael .
he settled back in his place on the bench among the younger squires and drank .
the procession had passed not a foot from the place he had been given on the bench , and jon had gotten a good long look at them all .
` ` at supper , there were still places on the bench when he got his pie , but he was too scared to come sit with us . ''
he could picture him striding across the yard in mail and plate , or sitting at his accustomed place on the bench in the great hall , joking as he ate .
khal drogo dismounted and took his place on the high bench .
they were already at their places when hodor carried bran into the hall on his back , and knelt beside the high seat .
grey wind nipped at her fingers , playful , and trotted back to his place by the fire .
to cut off all the approaches , a besieger must needs place one camp north of the tumblestone , one south of the red fork , and a third between the rivers , west of the moat .
catelyn took a place toward the stern .
and in the process , he moved his own men into place .
even now men were hoisting heavy blocks of stone into place , no doubt cursing him for making them work through the festivities .
` ` be seated , '' the queen said when she had taken her place on the dais , ` ` and be welcome . ''
she was so weary it was a struggle even to get down from the saddle , but she remembered to hobble her horse before finding a place beneath a beech tree .
when all of them were in place , the magnar shouted a brusque command in the old tongue , and five of his thenns started up together .
when he waggled his fingers , a flurry of femininity left their places by the walls to line up beneath the dais .
robb sat down in bolton 's vacant place .
two of the whores had even offered to fight , and had shown enough skill with the crossbow to be given a place on the steps forty feet up .
` ` my lord , '' margaery said , ` ` we should return to our places .
zei took a place among them with her crossbow .
drogon was perched up atop the pyramid , in the place where the huge bronze harpy had stood before she had commanded it to be pulled down .
he finally took a place on the bench near his other friends .
areo hotah himself took his familiar place at the left hand of the prince , resting his longaxe on a shoulder as he walked .
lord hewett himself sat in his accustomed place upon the dais , dressed in all his heraldic finery .
lady melisandre rose from her place near the hearth .
where once a mighty curtain wall had stood , only scattered stones remained , blocks of black basalt so large it must once have taken a hundred men to hoist them into place .
he took his bowl to the back of the hall and found a place on an empty bench , yards away from the nearest torch .
axell florent was making a toast as jon took his place upon the dais .
old flint and the norrey had been given places of high honor just below the dais .
` ` all my men will be in place .
a new set of screens flip up around me , and i can almost feel a slight breeze as they shift into place .
what a strange new emotion on his face , something out of place and yet so fitting .
i push it onto my finger and it slides effortlessly into place .
what time we 'll land , when we should regroup in lamar , whether decoy soldiers at the capital are in place .
traitors in the military 's ranks are moving into place .
metias turns around from his place in the passenger seat and narrows his eyes at me .
not a strand or thread out of place .
i ' m dangling halfway between my launching place and the window .
then i scoot after them , wiping away any marks we made in the dirt , and carefully lifting the board back into place .
the slats beneath the bed were nailed into place and weighed down by the heavy frame and mattress .
mme de maintenon 's carriers took her sedan chair aside , waiting to enter the procession in her proper place .
only marie - josephe was out of place .
the tent looked as they had left it , the equipment all in place , melted ice dripping softly to the plank floor , the cage surrounding the fountain .
he led his family and lorraine away to their places .
count lucien gestured ; the servants returned to their places .
marie - josephe pushed through the crush of bodies , trying to keep her place , trying not to feel afraid .
the bed offered a warm place beside odelette .
she reached her place by the dissection table just in time to conceal her bare foot and her shoe and stocking beneath her skirt .
he tipped his hat courteously , rode ahead , paused to send a musketeer galloping off toward the chateau , then allowed zelis to take him briskly to his place at his majesty 's side .
once the courtiers had taken their places , the sentries allowed visitors into the tent .
he took his place in the center .
count lucien slipped into place beside her .
they left no place for lucien to stand ; they had already obliterated his position .
he returned to his place before the king .
his place at the foot of the banquet table , as far from his majesty as one could be seated , might have been the place of honor .
he folds down a corner to mark his place and sets the book on the coffee table .
it was cold , possibly below freezing when he left his house that afternoon , having meticulously cleaned his room without really knowing why , without somehow even really being aware of doing it , just getting everything in its right place , neat and tidy and final , so nothing was left undone .
83 here is the boy , the man , here is seth , being laid back gently into his coffin , the hands of his friends guiding him into place .
i hit him hard in the face with each fist while he 's still too surprised to react and then ram my knee into the man 's place twixt his legs .
` ` it 's abandoned , '' i say , cuz after the first shock of finding a church i see where a few of the pews have been knocked from their places and not replaced and there 's writing all over the walls , some of it carved in with tools , some of it written in the same waterproof paint as the new world carving , most of it nonsense .
she directs me to a place with her in the line of healers gathering by the graveside .
wilf is moving a cart with huge vats of fresh water into place near the ship , ready for distribution .
the hatchet still hung in its place , but his pistol was lost .
then i sealed the new canvas pieces in to place .
` ` what , '' i shrieked , ` ` in god 's name are you- '' j.lo ripped the sparking snark 's from its place in the hood and threw it over the back of the car , trailing blue lightning in its wake .
i realized mom had set up the second mattress for me , but that did n't leave any place for j.lo .
too many things would need to fall into place .
deciding it would be a good idea to get some sleep she turned and took her place upon her cushioned area .
glancing over to benjamin 's driveway , i find that his mustang is n't at its usual place .
the pieces are all in place .
after all the glass had been cleaned up , we went about trying to put everything that was nt broken back in its proper place .
above him , there was a scrabbling and scratching noise on the rocks as the two wolves hurriedly rose from their places .
alpha liyra was speaking from her place atop the boulder , shouting over the scattered growls of the pack .
i quickly unpack the thawing food packages , separating the burnt ones and place inside the refrigerator while selecting a lovely entre of cold beans or colder beans or the coldest beans .
i smile brightly and step a boot towards kongo as she stops in place , dropping her arms to her kneecaps for a fair surrender .
rann bends at kneecaps and grabs the bottom metal ream of my chair with both his taunt biceps then strains visually for fun and grunts like a dying dog for show and slowly lifts light weight me for place just like a show stallion as i wiggle my free legs for annoyance and giggle with a girly twang .
i move into the bathroom stall using my telekinesis i shift the panel on the ceiling from its resting place and lower it to the tile floor quietly .
garrison stands center place in front of us and bright overhead lights , curls his lips , ugly , detailing our instructions .
ill place my left arm parallel to yours he entwines her finger tips with his , gently pulling her closer into his t - shirt and his face as she giggles with a musical tone .
he rubs the solid sleepy crumbs from his eyeballs then whips the cowlick down on his skull with one hand in place on the left as he scratches his buttocks with the other .
tilly wears , cute - like the electric blue squared padding around her skull , down to her earlobes and around her neck muscles for support of her spine , kickboxing for fun with jake as she lifts her body from her kneecaps , using the electric boxing gloves that covers her finger pads and bone knuckles and the wall for support , stands then straightens her knee pads and shin pads place in place around her legs then kicks her right leg high into air , holding with the boxing hand , stretching her cramming muscles .
tilly wears , cute - like the electric blue squared padding around her skull , down to her earlobes and around her neck muscles for support of her spine , kickboxing for fun with jake as she lifts her body from her kneecaps , using the electric boxing gloves that covers her finger pads and bone knuckles and the wall for support , stands then straightens her knee pads and shin pads place in place around her legs then kicks her right leg high into air , holding with the boxing hand , stretching her cramming muscles .
look for latches or something out of place .
when they got there , jenny disappeared to change , and tony went immediately to the water to find a place with julies brothers , who splashed in the shallow end .
alex called a hello from the water , and seth left his place with violet and came to greet shawn .
and we need to set something in place to alleviate it .
her jaw is out of place , revealing a set of empty gums that are a dark shade of black .
the door begins to push forward again , and the box that was moved to secure the door begins to slide out of place .
he whispered to me to move aside and let the posse move up in place behind him .
susan took the vial from her and put it gently back in its place .
nothing in the room seemed out of place at first glance .
we put a plan into place just in case we ever lost control of the cryptos , frost said .
she knew that to punch any of them before baird was in place would be a mistake , but her fingers itched to do the job .
baird recovered his surprise and returned his sisters glare from his place on the floor .
alec spoke up from his place at the table , not batting an eye at the juvenile exchange between the two .
stephanie squealed as she hurriedly gripped the straws and stashed them back in their place .
the red in her cheeks was embarrassing , and she wondered if from his place at the bar , baird was watching her fall to pieces like grettel would .
it was the last piece that he needed to fall into place to complete the puzzle he d been doing without consciously thinking about it .
ten minutes later , baird returned to the bar , saying nothing as he traded places with his sister .
blue kept herself busy assisting baird by bending things into place for him to fix that were almost beyond use at their current angle .
her sack looked pathetic and out of place .
she lifted a stack of papers , inspected them , and returned them to their place .
bastian picked up the screw cap lid and twisted it into place .
they bent the bars back into their rightful places one at a time , as if the cage was made of molding clay .
de roy was precise and methodical even when it came to organizing books , but now he saw that two books , volumes xi and ix , were not in their correct places .
he put the books back in their places and closed the bookcase .
with the arrival of dawn , the adventurers put the books back into their places and went back home , straight through the mirror .
dinah took the key , then placed the book back into its place .
eric put the photographs back in their places except for the one of the woman with the parasol .
he only managed to pique the curiosity of the passersby , which stared in bewilderment at the young man pushing the statues or trying to drag them from their places .
when all the dancers had taken their places on the dance floor , the music started .
the bottles were flying up , landing on his elbows , trading places , hopping on his knees , and miraculously appearing back on the table , receiving a hail of applause .
jack looked at eric , bidding him to put the flea box into its place .
should they leave the flute , flea box , and the candle in their right places , or should they take the parts with them ?
seemingly happy with my less than immaculate appearance , even the remnants of the greasy thumb print , still faintly visible , hannah gently laid me on top of the contents of the box , which she then put back in its former resting place .
he left his place at the head of the table and came to me .
practice , said mr . nile from his place on the bed .
when the flyers were in place , they would signal the others who would all jump up at once and try to scare the pigeons on the dumpster .
as soon as lukas departed , venk pivoted in place .
nevertheless , venk slid the hammer head into place on the handle and laid it reverently down on the grass .
careful not to let any of the pieces fall out of place , he tilted the hammer onto its back .
he approached his brother and slid the counter weight off the hammer , rotated it 90 and returned it to its place on the heads shank .
sliding it back into place on his belt , he looked over at his companion and smiled .
she had an apron on , which might as well have been a top hat and rhinestone blazer for as out of place as she looked in it .
she then took her place on the lower level of the platform .
with this announcement , liam and his friends cheered enthusiastically with double the volume of that of the rest of the crowd , as matt made his way to collect his trophy and take his place on the highest stand of the platform .
once inside they could see only a couple of people in the room including robert in his usual place on the couch .
sarah still could nt get over the fact that she was married to someone who would nt look out of place on the cover of a romance novel .
in the distance , the dark shapes of the immortals rose against the almost black sky ; they were still mounted on their fancy white horses , looking down on her from their place atop the high cliffs .
nothing has fallen out of place , and i do nt see any obvious problems .
then kira helped drop the dusty brown cushions back in their place , carried the dirty dishes into his tiny old - fashioned kitchen with hideous blue cabinetry , and finally grabbed her handbag to follow him out the door .
lise turned around and began checking herself , ensuring everything was in place .
she ensured she had a good grip on the reins and her feet were properly in place .
everything is in place .
the wrought iron fence is already in place , with stonework wings that will eventually hold the gate meant to keep homeless kids like me out .
i felt tomorrow was going to be the day that things start falling into place for me and olivia .
he grabbed the equipment out of my hands and said we would be ready to go in five minutes , once he gets everything in place .
when the bell rang to signal the end of the lunch period , the girls rose from their places on the grass .
as soon as she was settled , she pulled the tray toward them and locked it in place .
danni moved from the chair to her usual place on the bed .
justin rose from his usual place beside the bed and gave the chair to danni .
jumping up from her place at his side , she started toward the door .
chelsea and marcy abandoned their place on the sidewalk and rushed toward her .
the girls rose from their places on the grass and began gathering their things .
i put some money in my pockets , grab my jacket from its place on my bed and meet them back downstairs .
i understand that ry 's busy putting preparations in place for the upcoming gathering of resistance members , but his avoidance of me is odd .
my place here affords me a good view of the front of the room and the doors .
suffice to say that we have a number of diversionary ops in place and several teams ready to make a try for it .
i put everything back in its proper place and then return the key .
i close the door harder than i mean to and restore the bar to its rightful place .
dham asks from his place by the door .
` ` all set , '' dham answers as he takes his place in the center of the salt circle .
all of the items i 'll need are in place inside my working area , everything easy to hand .
i send him back to his place in line , and signal for sergei to keep moving forward .
holding back from flicking the coin , she clamped her free hand over it , keeping it in place .
foley took up his place by the door , geeing himself up in readiness to jump out and run around to the other side of the small island of pumps .
os mar stepped down the stairs as i followed behind him , the opening closing and the desk sliding back into place .
i wanted to comfort her and tell her that she did nt upset me , but i stayed in place .
i placed the book back in its place and moved on to the next one .
the guards resumed their places flanking us as we entered the back doors of the palace .
but i forgot all of that when i saw her place a golden globe inside of the babys body .
i raised a hand stopping her in place .
i passed him my sword so he could return it to its proper place .
i take a place on the sidelines and watch him stretch out with his team .
a dark , red indent was left in its place , beneath what i could only describe as a shackle .
i shoved out my hand to the group , unable to keep my feet from moving impatiently in place .
i rapidly searched the crowd from my place by the elevator , until my eyes were finally met by those of the deepest oceans .
one of the guards stilled it with his foot , before returning it to its place at the table .
when he returned to the examination room , he resumed his place on the table , and waited .
slowly , each took a place on either side of the altar .
with a final spell , nimrod sealed the doors of the ballroom in their places .
jacks fashionable costume was torn , dirty , and his coif was out of place .
she continued down the stairs and into her dads study where he was putting a flower book back in its proper categorized place on one of the many shelves .
the stars had already taken their places for their normal nightly dance in the sky .
drayben took his place in front of us .
i reached through and slid one of the bar locks in place but was not fast enough to pull it back unscathed .
it is at such situations that one thinks of one of those family drama directors who is ready , everything set in place , lights , camera and action !
i fall in place behind alec and the others follow single file as the tunnel becomes increasingly narrow .
he starts walking towards me and i open my mouth to explain but i close it quickly when he reaches the table , bends down , picks up the test tube and sets it back in its place .
i get knocked over by them and i watch the fight from my place on the ground .
i plant my feet into the ground and try to hold my place but he just drags me a long .
the back tire had twisted out of place , leaning out to the side at an unnatural angle .
careful not to leave anything out of place , i only found fifty dollars .
i left through the back door , then withdrew the key from its rocky hiding place , locked the back door and put the key back in its place .
there was nt much space , but i shoved aside some of the clothes hanging from the rod and stepped behind them , then moved them back into place .
i felt the prongs slide into place and jerked my hand away , afraid the current might escape the outlet , and i d feel its power in reality .
it looked oddly out of place .
if not for out of place barrels and the like , no one will have imagined anything occurred .
i take my place at the foot of the bed wishing we had nt been interrupted .
after getting it set in place , haval steps from the rod to a distance away to observe his creation .
pieces are starting to fit into their proper places .
i brace against the wind while keeping my place at the bars , watching demon after demon meet the same fate .
tasha took a deep breath before resuming her familiar place on the training room 's floor mats .
finally selecting one from the very top shelf , he whispered an arcane word and magically caused it to slide out of its place , allowing gravity to drop it into his waiting hands .
nichos was up in his usual place high on hal 's shoulders , jabbering away and smiling .
then , after unconsciously checking that his weapons were in their right places , he strode towards tasha and skarlett with his gaze firmly locked on the council members .
his ribs were healthy and as strong as ever , back in their proper place .
she stood still , not moving a muscle , as it explored its place of rest on her finger .
he finished by guiding her left foot , and helping her place it into a stirrup just below .
then , as if out of nowhere , the black pemdai car slid into its place beside them .
pieces started to click into place inside of my mind and i blurted out my observation without thinking .
four more of our suvs rolled into place behind the convoy and then brandon shot off a flare and all around me people were shifting forms in a multi - pointed roar of power .
he clicked it onto place on the flails hilt .
the doctor did nt have a chance to stand and see for himself when the nurse rushed over and pointed to an empty place in the boys chest from the portable screen .
jesse shifted in his place , crumpling the cash in his angered fist .
even furniture like couch cushions , pillows , and bed sheets lifted from their places to fly through the house .
the house was still in ruins ; the picture frames knocked down from their places on the wall , furniture torn and knocked over , as well as the hole in the wall .
when he returned with the ipad , neither of the guys had moved from their places .
unable to take it , jesse reached over from his place next to him and firmly pressed his palm onto one knee , forcing his bouncing leg to still .
then , he checked his mirrors by moving them around a bit and then placing them back to where they were in the first place .
i would find myself constantly checking myself out in the mirror , making sure that everything was in its place .
just like his dads truck , everything was in its place .
and pirates , jackson agreed hurriedly as he stumbled to find his place again quickly before the stone thought he was finished , andandand treasure and super powers and that it begins right this minute , that is our wish .
jackson tried to find a place for his backpack first , not comfortable to sit with it on his back , before he finally set it down next to his chair .
harlow stopped in her place .
it took her a minute or so to realize that her body had been lifted from it 's resting place and was being carried somewhere .
she saw robin hood still in the same place that he was just moments before , still firing arrows wherever , and into whoever , he saw fit .
vega was concentrating on defending the opening when another song played and the stone rolled back into its place .
sliding the last book back into its place , darmik sat on the ground .
sebastian pulled him from the bed and sat in his place .
we ran and pounded on neighbors doors , and when we did nt get any answer , we smashed through windows , finding that their houses were exactly like ours ; everything was in its place , clothes in the dryer running , tv on and blaring loudly .
she stepped aside , motioning me to take her place in the center of the singed blades of grass .
i thought it was my hair , '' i said , blushing and quickly returning his hair to its rightful place .
he stepped back and looked at his handiwork , stuffed another pair of jeans into the place where his hips would usually be and nodded his head in satisfaction .
i t - zap using telekinesis replacing my bikini top back over my nakedness and balancing both of us in place , before we fall head first into the cold ocean waters .
her body was secretly taken from its place in the morgue , they reckon too .
it glowed in pastel colors , and looked out of place among all of the charred blackness that surrounded us .
maybe its as rare as tipping out a jigsaw puzzle and all the pieces landing in exactly the right place .
hansel found a place for his prize inside the backpack .
instead i swallowed my fear , put on a brave face , and took my designated place in front of the pack .
jack demanded from his place beside the door .
come , we must get to our places , the gruff voice replied before moving away .
long damask curtains around the window presented me with a place to hide .
he turned around in place , putting his back against the door .
suddenly the room feels empty as we listen to the clicking and sliding of no less than six locks and one giant 2 x 4 sliding into place behind the solid safe room door .
it slides in and out of place ; we use it to sneak out at night , raiding the local fields for stray squirrel and chipmunk brains .
when i was taking my daily stroll down the coast checking out the real estate i noticed it seemed out of place .
addy asked them as she placed the last book in its place .
grandfather put pieces in place and we have to play by his rules .
his right hand slides up my back and under my hair , to find its resting place on the nape of my neck .
at the foot of paps bed , we watch as gram places an altar to perform the healing ceremony .
now back in their places , gram says , okay .
after a few minutes of mumbling , she closes the book and moves back to her place in the circle .
i do a little hop in place before we walk through the ebony double - doors the hosts are holding open for us .
the girls walked into class and took up their usual places around one another near the archaic windows .
one slab after another slid into place under silas steady grip .
noah took an empty bin from the other end of the wall and slid it into place under the press .
collin moved his seat back to its original place and finished his meal .
noah took his place in between them and sat at the small table .
chuck take a crew and pull the lines into place and tie em off .
chapter 26 noah hammered his last stake into the hard soil , securing the fortuneteller , madame larouches , quarters in place .
he put the last of rochelles props into place and joined the rest of the troupe under the pavilion for a quick breakfast and a review of the parade procedures .
morty returned the photos to their places and turned the page .
her phone went off while i finished the y in her name and she turned abruptly from her place on my arm and feigned some best friend emergency .
and then as if we had known each other forever he raised his arm and i curled into his side knowing my place by heart .
he laughed and i made my way back to our sleeping place on the roof and he crawled in next to me and kissed me until dawn broke .
when the others caught up , pearl maintained her place behind chief and behaved herself .
finally , i found the perfect place in my wardrobe underneath the pile of multicolored t - shirts .
the towels spread in the shade of two palm trees provided a place for us to sit .
he pulled the arrow out of its place and put it with the others on his back , very slowly .
navadar slowly walked towards her to take a place at her side , sending up ashes of his own .
she held a bow in her hands , with it pressed against her left hip , her right hand pulling back on an arrow that had been put into place .
the courtyard was barren and cold , nothing out of place .
its not ruined , he said , waving his hand over the petals , and the rose magically came back together , the petals falling into their places .
he was held to the chair with some sort of harness in place over his chest .
the remaining team quickly moved from their places to find cover , while they surveyed the room for their mystery assailant .
it was the only piece of clothing that would nt look out of place where we needed to go .
most of the pieces had shattered and splintered to the floor but a few still lingered in place .
please take a seat ms young said tobias as he turned off the camera and i sat on a small wooden chair that seemed out of place with the rest of the room .
the photo showed the image from the black box and the pieces fell into place for rex .
tobias checked everything was in place .
i resist , and back away , making my way to my cluttered desk to prepare my backpack , shoving all binders and pieces of homework into their respective places before zipping it up and shouldering it .
in the kitchen , i lower three slices of bread into the four - slot toaster , tug the butter and peanut butter from their respective places , and pour two glasses of orange juice ( no pulp ) and one glass of apple juice .
like that , class was dismissed to reset the room , to put away the stands and chairs , take the loan instruments back to their respective places .
now i m scared , zephyr tells me as i lean back to my original place under his arm , his hand rubbing my upper arm slowly .
she thrusts the spoon into my hand and i take her place at the stove , slowly stirring whatever it is she is making for dinner .
i take my place among them and we head outside .
i could nt be seen from outside ; normal passer bys will think it is just a house where a man with several daughters lives ; when a man has more than two female daughters he increases the height of his fence and place barb wires .
pepper , the other kitten , was in his favorite hiding place on the windowsill .
we had worked very hard to get everything in place .
oz returned to his place on the sofa and glared at them both .
itzy glanced at the door evasively and shifted in place .
myra asked from her place on the bed .
oz sat at his sisters desk ; seth sat on the floor , against a wall ; and itzy returned to her original place next to devon on the bed .
twenty - two when aidan awoke , he rolled his head sideways and saw melody sleeping in her usual place beside him .
now that the glass was gone , objects that had never before tasted modern air flew gleefully from their places and spun together into funnels , before cycloning their way into the egypt room .
once home , all of them tired and finding their familiar places in the house , katelyn and tim made their way down the hall to her room .
her dad gave up on finding a clear place for the pizza and put it on top of a stack of papers on the table , but he was too late .
she took a stack of hardcover books off the table at the front of the store and put them back , each book sliding into place and hitting the back of the bookshelf with a muffled thud .
after reading a few lines , she snapped the covers shut and slid it back into its rightful place on the rare books shelf .
her hair fell out of place as she peeked her head around the tree .
my finger had found its resting place on the empty space below the final button in the column .
he grabbed the handle and yanked the entire thing out of place , scrounging every utensil out .
ahead of his every move , i moved from place to place ensuring that he did not land a swing .
ronnie did nt move from her place in shawns arms even though shawn squirmed a bit .
melissa asked rick from her place by the fire .
when her eyes finally adjusted , she saw that gavin had reclaimed his place on her bed , sprawled over her pillows in a way that was entirely too inviting .
she stood up from her place at the vanity and stumbled onto her bed , keeping as much distance between her and gavin as possible .
she needs a couple days to set some lies in place .
he strapped on a leather weapons belt and slipped the sword into its place .
lucus called don to inform him that the roadblocks were in place .
having paid , he remained in place , peeling the wrapper off the gum and flicking it into his mouth .
the offended teller was in her usual place , poking at her keyboard with the back of a pen when it was n't in her mouth .
i groped around for a chair to pull my bludgeoning body up from its static place on the sofa .
look , he said lining smitty up again in his original place , he runs at the end just as if he would block him , then continues on a slant and receives a pass right over the line .
the young doctor took his place behind his desk and pulled open a noisy drawer , producing four large objects made of fabric and wood .
billy went round taking things out of everyones packs and cupboards and putting them in new places .
i was surprised that mam had nt noticed i was in exactly the same place where shed put me every time she came back to the room .
i said nothing else to leigh as he brought me back to the table and he skulked off back to his place with his head down low .
photographs of all their children littered every surface , with clive and his boys in their raf uniforms taking pride of place on the wall above the fireplace .
its not about cowardice , henri , the doctor added , strapping a case full of bullets into place , its about what s practical .
somewhere in the top of his chest was something still out of place .
he unzipped his jacket , pulled himself free from its hold and tied the arms around his waist ; then he returned the box to its rightful place at his side again .
when billy was in place , and bilson was hovering above ignition , barret heard scuffling from behind the opposite pillar , like a sound of turf being kicked at .
one of the sections of seals had been slid out of place , began the sovereign .
less than a minute later , she blinked back to place .
she stumbled and scurried from side to side , moving rather like an animal that d just fallen from its place on a tall limb and was desperately trying to reorient itself .
the man closed the door and slid three large bolts into place .
the driver eased the door closed and re - took his place behind the wheel .
the detector arch was turned off , the pod door opened and the other measures daniel had pre - programmed into the phone were put in place .
dryden stood in his office and knew immediately that daniel had been there his chair was not in its usual place and there was the faint odour of grease and oil .
i nodded , still curious about the out of place grandeur of the door , but ready to get this day over with .
nothing else seems out of place , and it looks the same way it did before i went to sleep .
he brought us here , to this house , where most of our belongings were already in place , as if we had lived here for years .
nev appeared , finding her place at ellas feet .
it was in the spirit of homecoming that they made their place in the hillsides and canyons that feed slowly down to the oceans shores .
the key would know her rightful place , as i would know the key !
she pictured their noble heads and vast wings , she put every detail in place as they soared through the night sky .
he set them on the small desk and returned to his place at the back of the room .
there was a crash and a section of the ceiling collapsed in the place where she had been sitting moments ago .
the word mobile gave the impression that the crane would be agile and manoeuvrable but it turned out to be so big that an entire section of the city centre had to be cordoned off in order to move it into place .
a good thing i was able to control that urge , because when i threw back the door to my room nothing was out of place .
he plucked up two tiles and deftly slid a d and an n into place on either side of the a in black .
the boy would take care to move beyond random sight before drawing the stone from its hidden place to press it onto his own brow unlocking the mysteries of optical illusion .
lips quivered as did the lid that pivoted its insert ; streaming tears from wide eyes as the stone broke its place of rest .
with all elements in place , the way is clear .
as mr . johnsons truck slowly backed up to the trains platform , the boy anxiously held firm to his place to secure a dangling spot at the trucks bed back .
a passing whisper called him to look at a cascade of gilt scrolls , tumbled in endless rolls from their place of rest .
torn between obligation and need , he watched as an amber bottle waved , teetering to fall from its place on the altar , rolling to his feet .
openings so narrow surely would have stopped looters from entering but let us return the stone to its place before we take our own to home .
suddenly , a ghoulman came rushing by , hastily bowing , before telling them , doomba wishes that the prisoners be taken to their places right away .
thus , they set the fireworks carefully into place , aimed straight for the gate , and set up the fuse .
before this new age is over , i declare that kings will fall , other noblemen will rise to the high position of lord , rebellions will take place , wars will be fought and all of this will happen while evil and good continue to fight .
everythings in place .
the white wirths place .
back in the kitchen , i draw the chilled water bottle from the freezer and slide it into its designated place in my pack .
the windowpane rests up against the wood , probably never returned to its rightful place after she was abducted .
checking that auk was not about to return , benson let the lantern fall back into place on its sturdy post and nodded to his co - conspirator .
realizing he d been inspecting the landscape to the neglect of his current task , jas turned back to the sail he was tying into place , ready to bark an order at his assistant , the scribes silent tikaani .
* * * * * roses head buzzed pleasantly as she watched the captain throwing his weight against the tall lever while his crew hurried to lift a shifted board back into place .
on the dance floor the radiant emibelle took her place beside the young master lorey , and they began to move the steps .
toby abandoned his place next to me and slid into the open seat across from me .
he stood and pushed his chair back in place , and with one last look in my direction , he turned on his heel and headed for the door .
not a single strand is out of place .
i lay my book down onto my lap , careful that i do nt lose my place , and i flash him a deceiving smile .
the realtors said that they d hear things move around , and see things out of place .
i place the toothbrush back in its proper place and i rush towards the staircase .
i place the plates down in their proper place .
mama meets him at the door and tweaks his tie into place .
she takes her place at the head of the stage ; the rest of the team follows behind .
calista enters the circle and takes her place in between us and the cleansing objects forming the epicenter of our protective circle .
his demeanor appears to match his words , so i hold my place , trying to choke down the fear steadily building inside of me .
christian took her place on the bed .
huge extractor fans were now in place , removing a good proportion of the choking fibres that floated in the air , and there were regulations and controls on the number of hours worked by the women in any one shift , as well as restrictions on the use of children .
connor quietly pulled his hatchet from its place .
they put all the wood shelves into place just as abby walked back into the shop with two more sacks .
when they had both left , the construct loped back to its place on the roof and froze .
their spears reached above their shining silver helmets , and they bristled in their places like strong pillars .
is everything in place ?
her mouses tail played in the air as it stood high off the ground , while her other companions remained in their places .
it wiggled its tail , looked on with curiosity , and remained in its place .
it froze in its place and looked up .
he snatched them from their place , but with a loud grunt of anger , one long arm of the endrog swung down like a windmill and grabbed grimdin before he landed .
the two small tables in each corner , the dried flowers on the wall , the fire in the fireplace was still flickeringeverything was in its exact place .
he stopped in his place .
many had tried to steal the stone , but it had always evaded capture , and it was said , indeed , that should the ruby ever leave the penmorven clan , days of darkness would fall upon them until the stone resumed its rightful place .
she put the postcard in place and tried to position the tack , but holding the hammer at the same time was a problem .
he searched the wall for a proper place for his postcard .
this area was clearly visible to harrap , until the voile - like curtain swished back into place behind fink as he disappeared behind it .
we have set certain safeguards in place in an effort to protect us from the eyes of our unknown enemy .
everything was put into place so perfectly and clean it almost looked like nobody lived here .
every piece of furniture was in its place .
when we reach the four that are blank , lark places flowers at each one of those as well .
just as she started drawing , elloriana showed up and took her customary place beneath the tree where she started reading her romance novel and writing in her diary .
mathentook his place at the front of his wagon and picked up the reigns .
sorry about that , he muttered , taking his place at the sink next to me .
lea double checked that everything was in its place , and once she was finished , she went to her apartment .
lea got into her apartment , put her groceries in their place and headed down to the gym to look for alonso .
with the plan already in place , lea continued with her workout .
then he tore off a small square of cloth and filled it with gunpowder ; this he wiggled though the bars on the door , tying it in place next to the keyhole with his string , leaving a dangling strip of fabric to act as a wick .
using the lock - picking bones as nails and a miniature barrel as a hammer , he tapped the bones in between the slits in the doorframe , pinning the four corners of his coat in place over the threshold .
logs hung out of place , and windows were boarded up .
come on in sweetheart , he said as he stood up from his place on the floor and gestured for her to come inside .
liquor , sweetheart , its the devils potion , that which calms us in even the most absurd of situations , he said and took the vase from her carefully and gave a hearty laugh as he took another drink and sat it back in his place .
feigning a yawn , endarial patted her mouth with her palm and looked down at her wrist as if there were a watch there , i m so tired of talking , she said and reached for the hilt of the sword at her back and pulled it from its resting place .
he strode to the front door and shoved a large steel deadbolt into place .
the long , narrow room felt more like a meeting hall , not a bedroom , which made the furnishings seem out of place .
there was nt one leaf out of place and all the plants looked strangely big .
someone would find a small clue that put one piece in place and then look for the next one .
staggor watched joshua for a moment longer then took his place on the wall .
alex and i squeezed through , and i turned and placed the rods back in their place .
so , taylor whispered to me from our place in the back of the group .
from his place near the back of the assembly , skektek said , ` ` with your permission , i will begin work on a way to diminish the perpetual storm . ''
not a board seemed out of place , nor a window broken that had not been broken before the great lizard smashed through , nearly killing him and violet .
mr . lonely led percival through the parlor beneath the dilapidated old staircase into a room that seemed as out of place as could be .
as the old woman pointed out each piece to their place , they flew immediately to position and stayed there .
everything caught up in the maelstrom flew back to its rightful place in the room as the wind died away completely .
mr . lonely stood at his place on the other side of marlon several chairs beyond violet .
each silver serving tray settled in place before one of the delegates , or one of their companions seated at the table with them .
link tightened his grip and lifted the object from its place of hiding .
he looked down at his watch and seeing that it was almost time , pushed leannes chair back under her prized mahogany desk , subconsciously knowing how she liked things kept in their place before leaving the office .
she sat down in her usual place on the log bench and started rolling sword leaves into cord .
without meeting anyones eyes , she deposited the platter and started back down along the long trestle table to her usual place on the cross bench .
down the table in her usual place , the talk would have been about the work to be done the next day and sometimes about the young men seated far enough away that they could nt overhear .
~ astrid made her way down the long center aisle of the longhouse to her place on the wide bench .
astrid settled into her place on the sleeping bench on top of her white bear pelt , which still smelled faintly of fish , but she tossed from side to side rather than falling asleep .
herman cursed at the sirens from his place on weasels head .
even better , my head is on his shoulder with his arm around me and my leg is crossed over his , putting my knee in a very delicate place .
before slinging the basket over her opposite shoulder , samara placed her hands in the small of her back and leaned backwards , hearing vertebras click into place .
' maybe it was constructed in pieces and then put into place overnight ? '
finished , she states with an out of place hoot of victory .
she took carters place on the bed .
everything looked in its place , the plaid couch and matching chair , the antique coffee table , but a feeling hung in the room .
frowning , i opened the car door and took my usual place in the front .
stern faced , the prince stood up from his place by the window and approached aylan , careful not to step in the growing puddle .
aylan groaned again from her place on her blanket .
thornton , millie silently mouthed to aylan from her place under the bed .
the king waited until they had taken their places in front of his dais and continued .
from his place on the dance floor , zaltreous casually glanced over and saw the astonishing beauty of the girl talking to his friend .
then she watched as the packets flew from their place in the sky .
to aylan who watched from her place by the wall , the attack came swiftly , but to the prince , everything seemed to move in slow motion .
she managed in a whisper , at least not until the packets are in place .
outwardly poised , as always , she returned a stray lock of blond hair to its rightful place behind her ear , and hinted at her failure with the turquoise favour , i did what i could , but he resisted .
from their places on the throne , the king , queen , and oslans three sisters watched as he bowed deeply from the waist and offered the lady his hand .
from his place in the crook of a tree branch .
we were even willing to give up our places on the sofa for first hand viewing of a scuffle .
as mo took his place back behind his microphone stand , he began strumming the crisp and edgy chords introducing follow .
as mo walked slowly to his place at the front of the stage , he looked over in between the two stages and a light flickered across his face .
the man barely had time to finish his sentence before greg maneuvered to push him out of the way , in the process snatching the mans gun from its resting place against the wall .
he adjusted his shirt , sat up , and took his place at the table once again .
his desk was almost out of place , far tidier than the rest of the office which made up a large portion of the laboratory .
he wraps one arm tightly around her back , and the other takes its place at the base of her skull .
all of the snafus min - jun put in place for macs first concert ended up getting fixed at the last minute , or worse , enhancing macs performance .
i meet his eyes , and he shifts , pats the place on the lumpy couch beside him .
hey aaron , richard called from his place near the other side of the room .
skylar looked around her in a sweep to make sure that she was nt leaving anything behind or leaving anything out of place before she turned toward the window of hanks office .
sidney began putting her things back in place the way she had had them and in the process kicked her phone underneath her bed .
her room was also clean , like ocd clean not a thing out of place , not a spec of dirt on the floors it was just clean .
no specific gender is targeted , no limits on age range , no specifics in appearance , the only similarities would have to be where they are being dumped which is nt all that telling seeing as though coconut grove is nt all that big of hiding place unless you hide bodies under beach sand which would be too telling , or in water which is checked and cleaned daily since people swim in it , bottom line being the bodies have nt been hidden once dumped , not all that well i suppose but we find them behind restaurant trash bins , an owner or whoever is left at the restaurant has contacted me but was nt able to tell me when the bodies were place there or who placed them there , whether it was male or female , no one knows anything .
well he has to have stayed in contact with at least one person , only one that s all we need and the rest should fall into place .
once ava had left ethan entered the room and took her place in front of brooke fields - laurence .
even at the end when all the college plans were in place , i pushed myself to get perfect marks .
he kicked out with his legs , which were finally in their rightful place beneath him , and at last managed to arrest his descent .
there was nt a lot of room for the three of us to maneuver , but i pointed to the one spot on the floor that was big enough to accommodate the trunk and watched as they lowered it into place .
emmie put her hands on my cheeks and held my head in place , inches from hers , when she said , very slowly , brady fleming is our equestrian coach .
nothing had seemed out of place when i d returned from the dance , but of course , i d been focused on getting into bed as quickly as possible .
a slash of green in the middle of brilliant fall colors , the weeping willow looked out of place and so ordinary , except for the ravens .
i resisted , anchoring my legs to the floor , standing in place beside him .
she and chloe stood up from their places in the grass , leaving danika to ponder the differences between where she 'd come from and this strange new place .
everything in the house had been moved back into its place .
i know that you did nt place that bid at the dancegenevieve told me , elle said .
the rug was out of place , imported from a foreign bazaar and gorgeous .
nisha stood in the doorway in the same place i had a moment before .
i expect her to scoot down and across from me so that kiran could also climb in the car , but to my disappointment he walked around to the other side of the car and took his place , legs stretched out before him and all , across from me .
as everyone filed in to take their seats , avalon stood up from the hay bale we were sharing and took his place in the front of the room .
once the floor was in place we were completely in the dark and i was nearly paralyzed by fear of the unknown .
in the trek over i had to weave through lots and lots of bodies and then in order to get a place at the bar i had to stand near the back of the room where the t - shirts were being sold , and elbow my wait to the chest - high counter .
i asked as we found a place at the bar .
i went back to my place at the table and sipped from my water as if nothing happened .
in the motion it took her to slap me her hair became wild and out of place , her shirt a little off center and her eye liner smudged in the corner .
he moved out of the way so i could take my place behind the keys and then took my coffee from me .
his eyebrow descended back to its resting place and his face smoothed out in acceptance of my lie .
they were distressed jeans to begin with , but the recent wear and tear had turned simply frayed places into monster - sized holes .
the soothing sound of magazines clicking into place filled the silence of the interior as the scent of decomposing , rancid flesh began to fill the cab .
she turned on the fireplace to ease the morning chill , and resumed her place in the easy chair .
he swung at my head but i quickly put him in his place .
ill do it right now , marley said , disappearing behind the door to the reading room , obviously rushing to put the book back in its proper place .
the lamp was standing in the same place as well as the other furniture .
the platform stops in place as beck carefully rears his back wheels into the darkness of the van disappearing from my eyeballs while wondering if he really saw me spying on him and his family last sunday afternoon or maybe he was squinting at the reflective light from the binoculars making it look like he was winking his eyelid , left at me as i nosily sigh with boredom then i heard the sexy baritone trombone invade my left eardrum .
i have some nice summer things but some of these dresses seem a little out of place for school .
milton took the doorbell magnet from miranda , and with the center bead , hurriedly returned them to their proper places in the box .
the large comfortable chairs that were usually in front of the desk were pushed back to their normal places around his spacious office less two that were cloistered together with a coffee table between them .
felix shook his head , his hair falling into its usual place .
there was a crunching of leaves as felix moved from his hiding place , and finally his dark shadow emerged and advanced on me .
the sky and ground settled back into their proper places , and the miata slammed to the ground , bouncing on its suspension .
all servants should know their place is where we out them and that does nt change , unless we put them somewhere else .
duncan steps back and edson takes his place in front of the group .
however , it would nt look out of place for me to be close to him while he drives ; that s exciting enough to squeal about .
placed upon round pedestals with bright colored tablecloths underneath their feet , dozens of them stood in place , forced into awkward poses for presentation .
remember , all he has to do is place each of us in a critical state .
we were both trying to duck , but there was no safe place in the middle of the empty street .
i wrapped the loose end of the shower curtain around my waist and began to rotate in place gradually tightening the curtain in the process and , in turn , fastening me securely to the part of the windowpane that i was going to cut out .
i could have probably made my way blindfolded to my place in the apple orchard ; i d been there so many times .
when we arrived , nobody was inside , just a few things out of place and the blood on the table .
but matt did , as he watched from his place at the rear of the house behind them .
penora returned a stack of papers she had been looking at into their rightful place .
he grabbed the spellbook and placed it back in its proper place .
jess , you go with the girls and put the volk in its rightful place .
i did nt lose everything so you could go ahead and put that disgusting object back into place .
before ifaut could answer , rhaka spoke from his place on the floor by the fire .
then , with a sigh , reality settled itself back into its rightful place .
it looked awkward , out of place , but alsoright .
the sun shone down on them from its place in the pastel blue sky , the sounds of the world surrounded them ; the rustle of wind , the constant hum of crickets ; the awkward silence of two people who ca nt quite figure out what to say next .
when the torches were fixed in place all around the wagon , and danr had rested , he lit a spare torch with a piece of art from his cloak , albeit with difficulty , and then lit the torches around the wagon with the spare .
i have a couple of phone calls to make and i need to walk the grounds and make sure that everything is in place , but that s it .
in fact , it looks out of place .
he has a very round , tiny head , out of place with the rest of his body .
and when i looked again , everything was back in its place on the ground .
each firmly in its place , almost as if michael had ordered each hair to its position with the threat of punishment if they disobeyed .
however , the hours spent getting every strand of hair on his head into its perfect place , were too many to count .
capture it , no , he answered dryly , assisting her out of her hiding place .
so you need to be out of blasters place before the bomb goes off .
sara and i should have been out of blasters place before the hand grenades went off .
as we go , captain hammond places more of the little red plastic markers on the ground .
his room is immaculate , not a thing out of place .
jack and the other guard exit and i hear a lock being clicked into place when he s gone .
izzy had said that any signs of education would be out of place and would cause immediate suspicion .
the small wooden wheels squeaked softly , echoing off the stone walls , as he rolled the door into place alongside the first .
once you have set the door in place you shall test it .
when it was finished , they shoved the door into place .
the plain adobe walls looked out of place in the shadow of the shinning white buildings .
mica managed to keep the boat steady while they changed places .
liam made himself a place on the rug .
aiilyn retreated back to her place leaning against the wall , but , for all her apparent nonchalance , her shoulders were tight .
i moved forward , broken from my trance , and sat in front of my own bowl , the one in the same place on the left side of the long table that i had eaten at when we d first arrived here .
but all they saw was the ilyn illusion in place around me or else the outline of it , like the outline i d seen of my hands or around aiilyn when she was farther than a few feet away .
my shoulders were burning with the effort of wrenching my shirt back into place under the awkward angle of the table , and my feet made clammy footmarks on the floor behind me .
ben felt the overwhelming weight of his guilt as he returned the picture to its rightful place .
it was not until they had almost surrounded her that she even knew they had moved from their place around the fire .
ben dragged himself out from under his makeshift bedding and dusted himself off before taking carls place near the outskirts of the camp .
got it , he hissed as he pulled the bottle of liquor from its place within the wagon , dislodging a small sack of flour in the process .
once the heavy beams were in place , the soldiers formed two units and marched towards the palace , alexander and larson strolling behind them .
the child is presumed lost and every effort has been put in place by local enforcement division to find the child has soon as possible .
i lay down on the floor , allowing gravity to pull my inner organs back to their places .
i pause and look around , but shockey is n't in his usual place at his desk .
anchille moved to the sitting room and in moments i heard the heavy door click into place .
before i could blink isha and sitre took up their posts on the fur near the fireplace , while omri lay a few feet from our table and khala stalked back to her place at the door .
i put my arms in the air and they slid it down with ease , not taking even a single strand of hair from its place .
he tugged gently on the end of the sheet , in the place where my toe should be .
she took leonines place against the wall while he made his way to the middle of the garage .
time drifted by as they rode , and it seemed too soon when they saw the group ahead , pulled up into a trot , moved past the five men to wheel easily in place alongside leland .
she met his look without flinching , sitting down at her place , holding his gaze as anne and jessica moved around them to serve the veal and fresh bread .
the drawbridge was up , and the new boards of the replacement gate were nearly in place .
she put her hand through the grate , re - seating the lock in its place , closing it so it was almost fully shut .
` ` place balls at the top corners of the box , '' he instructed .
without stopping , he grabbed his bike from its resting place against the fence and jumped on .
he quickly knocks the chair out of place and tosses it onto the staircase .
the fourth symbol goes into place , completing the circle of protection that traps the spirit .
when she released the comet , it swirled around her gracefully and took its place back in the sky .
eranna lifted her gleaming silver tiara from its place of honor beside the mirror .
the fever has taken her , jake said as he stepped forward to help the other man place roses body in a harness .
selena reached down into the shirt of the getup shed borrowed from adrah , and retrieved the large ruby from its place against her chest .
once the food had been taken away , eldalwen turned to her from his place at the head of the table .
thaddeus leaned toward her from his place beside her at the table .
he stepped forward from his place at the front of the crowd , crossing his beefy arms over his chest with a deep scowl .
jake snorted from his place at the table .
the patchwork of yellow and purple looked ridiculously out of place amid all the grey .
i could tell by the dark circles under his eyes that he had been here all night , his usually flawless appearance showing some cracks , a hair out of place , a crinkle in his shirt .
the wind was gone and the corner of the poster floated gently back into place against the wall .
general abraxas still stood at his place of honor beside her father .
he leaned dangerously forward from his place beside the throne .
xanders backpack was still discarded on the floor , in the last place it had been left before he disappeared .
as they resumed their places around him , xander had the chance to look at the gathered group .
sammy did as she was told , taking her place back on the firm bed .
the sound of vickys normal cell phone interrupted her as she pulled the silken fabric into place .
i once watched my dad nurse a pickup truck with a damaged radiator hose fifty miles to town with only two gallons of water and a shop rag , vicky explained as she twisted the first stocking into place and tied it as tight as she could .
bending her head over , he held it in place with a handful of her hair and nuzzled her behind the ear .
she loved the twins as though they were her own children and was always ready to fulfill all their wishes or to put them in their rightful places .
there was nothing left in its rightful place , nothing to be used as a parameter to aid in the reconstruction of her life .
beth checked her posture , adjusted the three arrows on her right hand , put one of them on the right place , drew the string till it almost touched her ear , aimed and , just when she was going to release the arrow , she heard a car entering and stopping in front of the guest house .
they searched the entire house and did nt find anything out of place , not even a single speck of dust , let alone jack the ripper .
everything seemed to be in order , all the furniture was in its place and even the floor seemed to have been cleaned recently , so why was her heartbeat accelerating ?
taking a deep breath and clenching her teeth , beth purposefully hit her shoulder against the wall one more time to return it to its proper place .
it was back to its place but still hurting maybe she had hit it with more strength than was necessary .
we have four nurses and two doctors among us , their tent is already in place at the side of the shed , and they are ready to help if there is any need .
placing them in their rightful place , i finally turned my attention to the burned rug .
chapter 12 i hid in that empty trailer house for what seemed like hours , waiting for the sun to peek out over the trees again but when i finally stepped outside it was still stalled red in the exact same place it had been earlier .
sadly , i watched the black shirt slide down into place .
none of the chimneys emitted any smoke and none of the outdoor tools was out of place , as if advance plans had been made for a mass departure .
i set the trashcan back in its place .
swords , knives , things i m not even sure what they are , all hold places of honor on the wall .
nervously , aran pulled the whaler slowly up to the little dock and when the bow bumped the wood , ellis jumped off and pulled the boat into place , tying off the bow and stern lines to the little cleats on the edge of the dock .
a contraption of ropes and pulleys above it moved , and a bamboo mat slid into place over the hole in the roof .
eventually all of the connarists followers died , and with them the secret of the hiding places of the clues and pieces .
he brushed past her to take his place at the front desk , sorting books like nothing was wrong .
joyah hopped into the circle and took her place fighting next to jeff .
looking disappointed , the two generals stepped back into their places while laurence rolled back up the map .
she walks up to the table he sits at and passes them to him , before returning back to her place alongside me .
i grab the vial with the yellow lid and place it in my pocket , leaving the other in its place .
she shifted , seeking a comfortable place .
she looked around for something to use as a marker ; she settled for a large rock and rolled it into place .
quickly he checked his and found it in its place .
for long moments they fought to keep their places on the trail .
the curtain falls into place .
when evening came and there was still no sign of wind , i asked a few of the laborers to help goryo and me cover the table arrangements , leaving them in place so that any time wind and maercella arrived , the place would be ready .
an elephant head , recently acquired , was in the place of honor above the fireplace , with a pair of baby leopards on either side .
lizzie jumped ; startled from her place in the book she was reading , and looked up to see lucas sitting down opposite her .
the only thing that seemed out of place was the hundreds of flower garlands that adorned any available space , the scarlet and crimson pink colours glowered like blood splashed across every surface .
cautiously maraleena edged from behind lizzie to take her place once again on the rocks .
she was almost there , the snake nearly free of the stone circle and then as the head again reached its start place ; it released a loud hiss , and lizzie froze .
then throwing it to the floor behind them he returned to his place opposite her .
* * * * * * the sound of thunder echoed loudly as the power of the storm struck the stones deep within the dungeons , the small dank cell flooding with black oily water ; the strong salty smell acrid and sharp as the sea levels rose , forcing lizzie and the small boy to the safety of his hiding place high up in the wall .
she moved closer as if in a dream , reaching out gingerly to touch the familiar fabric of her jeans ; her hands closing around the softness of her faded t - shirt as she picked it up and held it to her face ; her fingers running along the out of place badges on her school satchel as she sat down on the bed pulling it closer to her .
they were working on something in there ; the furniture was all out of place , piled up on one side of the room , and the chairs where kids sat when they were in trouble had been moved .
while i m busy collecting arms and limbs into appropriate places , there is still silence from whomever it is that collided against me .
grand said as he grabbed the valkyrie from its hiding place under the deck chair .
a violet rug in the middle of the room gave a place for the visitors to stand .
the door slammed behind them , followed by three iron rods sliding into place .
nikolas had just found a secure place at the front of the magical carpet when he felt xanthuss prod .
glad i stayed for the lights this year , malmedy said as the stone seats wedged into their places again .
cooper is staring at me warily from her place by the fire and i have to admit i find myself reciprocating her look , i am unsure of how to take the great warrior woman , she looks fantastic and i pale in comparison .
the silent rush of wind hit him as the car disappeared into the trees , a few bushes had been displaced at the start of its descent but they soon jostled back into place .
with the last piece in place , each begins to glow , a kaleidoscope of colours , red , then blue , then white , then orange and finally green invading the room .
in turn each person had bowed to alice and kissed the back of his hand , before taking their place beside the waiting pyre .
we are now taking it steady up the side of the mountain towards the kandaris rock , a large slab of rock which sticks out like a sore thumb , it looks out of place , like a table with no legs has been wedged in the side of the mountain .
# # # # # # # # at mac 's request , tg was briefing them on the possible security systems that might be in place , including sensors that could be outside the prison itself .
my mother was sitting in her normal place at the breakfast bar , with her mirror plastering make - up on her face .
mrs howard was standing in her usual place behind the counter .
getting everything in its proper place , no more than that .
almost everything is on its place now ; my clothes are carefully packed along with some of the stuff i ' ve bought throughout the whole semester , and the rest of my belongings are either in a backpack or on my bed , waiting to be stored .
the books that i left on my desk , the ones that i had to return to the library , are still there , waiting to be brought back to their rightful place .
travis asked michelle and ana to hold their place in line and walked over to dizzy .
he was instantly sucked into the tree branch and was gone , the apple he had picked now returned to its place in the leaves .
but to succeed , we must put the pieces in place .
before he headed out the door he stopped to check himself in the mirror to make sure his clothes were in place .
he remembered that lynette was next on the list and he had no idea what had taken place between her and his fellow brothers .
in the exhibition hall paula took up her place at the desk by the door and i wandered about , chat with gus and chrissie who were working the same shift as me an hour on and an hour off was how we 'd work- while we waited for the first visitors to drift in .
we took up the places we had recently occupied , me on the floor at mccreadys feet , griff in an armchair opposite .
stephen returned from the bar and they were silent for a moment as he placed keiths drink on the table ; when he was back in his place , out of earshot , virginia moved her mouth close to keiths ear to whisper .
trev nodded , but the movement did not disturb virginia ; her head remained in place on his shoulder .
with the promise of another glass virginia closed her eyes and shifted her head back into place on trevs shoulder .
she would have left , found some place else to drink ; the only thing that kept her in her place , like a moth pinned in a display case , was the fact that so many outstretched legs had her caged and there were so many drinks placed before her .
all the wedding pieces are in place .
they stopped at the doorway to make sure that mr . heath did not notice the missing keys , but he had already resumed his place in the kitchen .
finally the board gave way and they lifted it out of place .
the elemental spirits snapped back into their proper place , and their subtle glow faded out .
jinji looked at her dark skin , more out of place in all this gray than it ever had been in the forest contrasted against golden bark .
then chaosorganized , as these men all knew their places .
the captain nodded , moving back to the stern , standing at his proper place behind the helm .
rhen looked at the iron chain in his hand , feeling how out of place it was .
a gear clicked into place .
everything is currently being stored offsite , and i m bringing it in piecemeal while cataloguing it and putting it in its rightful place .
i scanned my surroundings slowly , but nothing seemed out of place .
i did another thorough house check , but everything seemed in its place .
jarbarr stood up and crossed the room , opening and closing the door behind him while wendol and ama remained in their places .
so now it seemed as if the final piece was in place ; if all went well , the takeover of the throne would take place very soon .
still they turned about and started tramping towards the palace with the lord taking his place in front of them .
i look down at my fingers in my lap , hoping he does nt notice how my dirty , scraped - up hands ca nt seem to find a comfortable place to rest .
i forget about having wrapped my chest and i briefly look down , just to make sure the gauze has nt moved out of place , which it has nt .
on top of her bed , in his place of honor , sat her beloved mr . lion - bear .
i grumbled as i plowed past the apple core and looked desperately for a hiding place at the back of the classroom .
bryns father put a bookmark in his place and then opened the door for the girls .
when we got home , ken rearranged everything in place : threw the garbage out of the house , cleaned the pile of dishes and destroyed the spoiled foods from the fridge .
the wind calmed down , and the people had finally let go of their hiding place , darting across the green grass .
the only thing out of place at the moment was the empty wine bottle lying on the floor beside the couch on which my mother slept .
everything had its place , and except for a surprising number of books , he seemed not to own any possessions which did n't have a practical use .
laura watched stave place unbaked loaves of bread on a stone shelf that ran the length of back of the fireplace .
as issy puts the other end of the pole into place and it starts to take shape pete sees that jeff has already got his in place .
as issy puts the other end of the pole into place and it starts to take shape pete sees that jeff has already got his in place .
above , dozens of owls flew from their hidden places in the trees , taking to the sky and vanishing .
returning to his place by the fire , sorren found thale sitting nearby .
slowly , he grasped the handle , and turned it until it gave a low and distant clunk as if something were shifting into place .
the gate keeper finished putting the barricades in place and came over to join their group at the side of the road .
their were ropes hanging here and there , which , on first look , did n't seem out of place , but on closer inspection , had no function .
the balustrade swivelled in place to face the next in its line .
thomas got up and grabbed his pack , pulling out the pen and journal from their resting place he returned to the table and handed them to mrs ink .
everything having its own place , and everything placed neatly .
i pull the dainty cloth from its place to look at it in the moonlight filtering through the cracked and frosted window .
i put the handkerchief back in its place under my head and spend the next hour watching images flicker behind my eyes , changing like the books whose pages you flip to see the drawings move .
to have it inked onto my skin in its fitting place below my tattoo , the symbol of the kings .
then , carefully gauging the distance above him , he hopped in place .
the kid returned to his place before justin , who could nt see his head against the dark background of the canopy .
the kid had justin rig up a hefty stick to place across his shoulders like a yoke .
the door opened and with it a slamming gust of cold air came racing in , very out of place on such a warm summer day .
instead of sitting in the place where samuel had been , he perched on a lower step .
he showed me how the square piece of the skin fit into place on his arm .
sliding into place .
as his dad dropped down to the floor and pulled himself under the truck , si followed him , slipping into place alongside him .
even before the new van had drawn to a halt , its rear doors flew open , a short flight of steps clattering into place below them like a broken xylophone .
with great difficulty , he turned around in the confined space to reach back through the hole and swiftly pull as many of the flattened nettles and twigs back into place .
a concertina of heavy metal plates immediately dropped into place across the entrance .
sis father dashed towards another window , where he began to swiftly slide another sheet of plating into place .
even though , too , there was a second layer of smashed boarding , this time similar to the metallic shutters they had seen gracefully fall into place in sis home , the shattered steel shards splaying open like an immense , blooming tulip .
i placed a hand on his shoulder that he jolted in place .
hunter bordare closed the door after they entered the room , and they could hear the lock click into place from outside .
her words barely made it out of her mouth as she stumbled in place .
a sharp pass sent the ball back to chewy and he took kents place in front of the hoop .
he placed the hall pass near the window to dry and saw something out of place before him .
a magnetic pull dragged me from my hiding place behind the stairs .
last , geo stopped to help the old widow put her doors back into place before he pulled away with a wave .
the librarian asked , remaining in place by the window .
return those books to their place .
i will listen as i put these books back in their place . ''
` ` and i only noticed because these shelves are slightly out of place , '' jake agreed .
jeff pulled his salesman name badge from its place on the locker door and he affixed it to his lapel .
i did n't see the pattern it was making until the cracks opened up , and a large circular device bloomed from the floor and settled into place around us .
i mentally shrugged and stepped into place beside jack , choosing to ignore it .
roy and ashwater 's wife came into the living room and took up places in the living room .
to set everything into place . ''
as i found my place in line , i turned my head to the right and thought for sure i saw my mothers car .
have your complete strategy already in place and ready to be implemented or altered in half a second .
the floorboards unraveled and reverted back to their rightful place .
it looked out of place , like an interloper .
despite them not looking out of place with her young appearance , luna thought they were not the right clothes for her .
what interest could that stranger have in her to spend weeks trying to break through the mental barriers that she had put in place , taking into account the amount of psychic energy that the person had to use to achieve this ?
phillip stood in front of him and held his place as he watched death snap his fingers together .
the furniture , the paintings , the rugs , everything was still in place .
quickly , nechtan covered it by dragging a heavy chest back into its original place below the window .
then , each taking a pebble , they placed this within the ashes towards the circles edge , hoping it would remain undisturbed there until morning for , if it was found that it had been moved out of place , this would be a bad omen for the family .
i find places in mom 's desk for the remaining papers and slide the drawers quietly shut .
hopefully , the art will be found in the near future and returned to their rightful place .
by the time the beam was in place and plopbottle safely lowered to the ground , his standing amongst the guards and other crews had been elevated to that of site hero .
but this was soon forgotten about after the floors and walls were put in place , and when broodangle told them what he had been planning .
the wound is completely healed , making the stitches look out of place .
when the last bit of soul is stitched up , i double check with my power to make sure that everything is in the right place .
chapter 46 the plans are in place for our exit .
derek reached over to grab the kids arm , but it was firmly around julies waist and he could nt remove it from his place on the other side of the counter .
dereks cell phone rang from its place inside his pocket .
he d had everything in place if only he d waited a few more moments before infecting dereks parents .
lying like a templar in the desert so out of place , so unnatural so hastily discarded a nice clean blade among all that dirt and dust .
he placed each piece in its respective hiding place in the heels of his boots .
the events that took place that night compelled the fire department to treat the entire building as a crime scene ; in particular , apartment 3 - g , the rear half of the fifth floor , and the entire sixth floor .
the first suggestion i got of the coming storm came two days after i 'd put my optimizations into place .
he stole a glance down at what sophie was working on as he retrieved a hacksaw from its place on the pegboard .
he played with the gun absent - mindedly , spinning it in place as it lay on its side on the coffee table , as if playing a game of russian roulette in which no one would take a turn .
agostinho was getting impatient and antsy , shuffling in place on the wooden boat deck .
but she is also a good housekeeper , and nothing is forgotten ; everything must be accounted for and put back in its place .
curiosity killed the cat his sister finally returned to her place at the table .
there seemed to be a vast inventory of products , all in their precise place .
i walked over as he was getting the bolt cutters in place around the lock pin .
we had measures in place to prevent it , but someone acted independently .
the two men flanking pierre stepped in front of him and took their places on either side of the door to clarissa 's room .
dorofeyev leaned forward , but stayed in place , his head held high .
she exhaled loudly and took her place under the stairs .
ivanov stepped through the door and took his place behind the bench .
i watched as he tumbled back in surprise , the knotted arrow falling out of place .
the job of the crew was to signal back that everything was in place with fireworks .
i nodded ; checking to make sure everything was in place ... after all , we spent all last night making them .
he jumped at his first task with barely restrained eagerness , organising the moving the capital back to its rightful place by the holy land of iunu and helping to begin the process of reinstating the temples of the gods .
once the telling of his story was complete , the pharaoh gave amjad a task , to retrieve the items of the zep - tepi from their resting places in his lands .
back in the room , samali continued to coax the children from their hiding place .
their bait trail was in place .
said chris , pushing her into place by the side of justin .
it looked normal , everything in its place .
all was in place to catch the monster .
she checked quickly , but everything looked perfect on the system , nothing out of place .
the couches and tables were now in place .
mine were already done and my things were neatly in their place .
i stood up and started to walk , my knee aching and feeling out of place as i did .
bear had found a permanent place on my bed at home .
` ` you re a good enough dance partner for me any day , '' dad said at the arcade with a clownish smile , his graying blonde hair out of place after all the lively video game simulations .
tomorrow morning at eight oclock , everything will be in place .
the last thing they did , before retiring that night , was to return all the books to their places in the library .
i love you mom , i m right here for you diana squeeze with all her strength as she looked at the young woman before herwhen had she grown up so fast ... she remembered the little girl that had tried her hardest to make cookies and ended up with flour from one end of the kitchen to the nextshe could nt even tell her how proud she wasshe hoped she would be able to again the boys entered the room then , her dad sat in the chair as jacob took his place on the other side of the bed , he released a large sob as he threw his arms around his mother i love you mom , sorry i m such a smart ass all the timei promise ill be better .
whatever had taken place tonight was beyond her scope of comprehension but she truly did nt care the how ; she was enjoying the results instead .
something had taken place earlier tonight she could nt deny it any longer , after listening to the conversation between selah and daniel .
as she reached the two gigantic entities guarding the doors , and they moved into place she took a stance of her own challenging them .
the question and answer cemented everything in place for me but it released the crowd , allowing a little sort of hooley - dooly !
anyhow , as the parades last parts moved into place , i was busy formulating questions for him ; specifically about the terrible deed referenced in the reverends letter and the relationship that had existed between my parents toward the end .
the drop , after all , could nt happen until the crowds had had time to file into the grounds and that could nt happen until the grand gourd was in place on its pedestal , at the gate .
she parked herself on her bum on the gourd , trawled through it line by line and , when she finished , she simply leaned over and slapped it back into its place .
she lifted the flap , patted it into place , then let it fall .
asas mouth fell open and i subsided back into my place .
and , said amalthea thinly from her place at the sink , let me guess !
at the last , we put thick planks across the top of the scaffold and , as tenderly as we could , hoisted rosemary into place .
still , it was him i was watching as we fumbled our seatbelts into place .
* * * patty ann cleaves put the plastic pregnancy test on its proper place at the corner of the toilet top , where it belonged .
after three years , the property could be shown , but the canvas would stay in place until a sale closed .
by mid november , the completed canvas was in place and mrs . franklin arranged a grand opening for donors , the art world , and the press at her villa .
claudio climbed the high podium and took his place at the lectern .
just beyond , the eleven councilors had been tied in their place , securely - fastened and immobile , and their screams and pleas for mercy rose above the crowd .
trust me , ligoth , soon the pieces will be in place to make your representatives less antagonistic to you and your brothers .
six angled shields rattled into place above this defensive foundation , and the squad leader , stationed at the group 's center , completed the maneuver by swinging his shield into an overhead position .
they reach the front and place their small lamps around the eternal flame , then find their places on cushions close by .
finally , placing a hand on her side to comfort a cramp , she was satisfied to sway in place , smiling at the antics of her three loved ones .
he found a place on the edge of the bench and sat .
gedran gratefully rolled up the parchment and returned it to its place on a shelf .
at the same time marina seemed to be in both places , on the log and with me in the water but it did nt seem at all unusual though it should have .
she pulled out her phone , nodded , and returned it to its rightful place in her purse .
chrissy came in and sat down in her place and opened her books .
was all she said as she straightened his tie and made sure his belt was in the right place .
mr . givens if you do n't mind i think i had better come in and put everything in its right place .
coconut palms and bamboo clumps seemed very much in place here , a backdrop of misty and smoke covered hills .
kyoto wil had some thinking to do for he had his place , his chair and table outside his new home , he could sit and take in the energy of the sun , the ocean , the sounds and smells of the waves , the dancing of light , movement constant , and its peacefulness .
wil was amazed after walking past them to enter the lower floor of the temple and view the grandeur of this complex , and once inside , the visual dimension of the four buddha images , each one set in place on each of the four sides so its viewers could walk past and beneath them .
the large painted and black - necked storks had not yet departed from their overnight resting spots upon the tree tops , blue kingfishers held their places on low branches , a few egrets had arrived upon the surface of a nearby pond along with a solitary heron when desire chose to make her entrance just before the dawn .
with that sensation , the sound of a pebble knocking against some bamboo , came all the others connected with it which had been waiting in their proper place , a series , lost and forgotten until this sudden happening imperiously commanded them to come forth .
staff can leave the clean linens on the table outside my door in the hallway , and ill place any soiled linens outside my door for you to pick up .
without thought , william tucked her right hand under his left elbow and held it in place as the two strolled down the grassy lane between two rows of maple trees .
now the only thing that looked out of place was the empty food tray atop her dresser .
he lovingly surveyed his surroundings , happily studying the stuffed animals and quilts draped over crude furniture , making sure everything sat correctly in place .
on other nights he drank with coworkers , comfortably anonymous amid a herd of clean - shaven young men with crisp hair and crisp suits , sipping dark cocktails and eyeing women from their prominent place in the center of whatever bar was theirs for the night .
instead , the large man set the radio down to its place on the dashboard , and his head collapsed into a pair of thick , trembling hands .
her place there on the front porch overlooked a dirt parking lot crowded with the cars of overnight guests .
after a minute , everett turned and bent over , his big jaw just visible from adams place in the backseat .
adam stepped forward , but there was no place for him to sit .
blake distinctly heard the lock on the door click into place .
where are we with getting security in place ?
a four - car garage was open and the cars were still in their place .
amanda climbed into the hot water and settled into a place between the brothers .
very slowly the ship inched forward into place .
she climbed down behind the general and took her place beside him .
while not creating a state religion , the national government would impose commercial restrictions on what could take place on sunday .
he lifted it up into a safer place against his chest .
the square stone that marked its place was a soft coral color : faith arlene stuart - croftdon , wife and mother .
you buy a box of cough drops and it says place in mouth and suck .
i guessed , eddie said , taking his place at the corner point of an end table .
she s peeking up at him from over the foot , and he s lurking in her place , waiting to catch her , enter her once again .
in a special place in the library .
pema had every document in its precise place in the five book boxes , and judging by the scrutiny of the customs officials , it looked as if she needed every single document .
afterward , this case was also resealed and put back into its place .
stone faces stared at me from their places on the walls .
he wanted to peek out the curtains to look at the window to his room , but could nt risk giving away his hiding place .
he fumbled the glasses from his pocket , squeezed the slack from the tape wad on the hinge and propped them in place on his nose .
the few librarians who were on duty were in the main library , restoring some of the ancient tomes to their rightful places on the shelves , ready for their lordships and ladyships to disrupt again on their return .
dirk crossed the road and pressed himself against a wall as a police bmw raced into cheval place .
* * * is everything in place ?
but dee was nt there , and the furniture in front of the tv was out of place .
the footstool was out of place and the rug had a corner turned over , but nothing seemed wrong otherwise .
hickstead asked if they had everything in place .
but as usual i was nt allowed to put it in place without something else getting in the way first .
she sat in her normal place and had ned sit across from her .
millie grabbed a chair and put it at the end of the table and then sat at her regular place .
he told her about which treed areas were going to be left in place and how the beach front would be developed .
he asked millie about how to get everyone in place .
butch finished clearing the lot , upgraded the road , and did the ditching for the pipes and by the time millie was ready to return to work and the excavation for the house pad was done and the forms were in place for the concrete .
an hour later the stake out was in place .
the statue was supposed to be in place by end of this year .
jackson had undergone a very rough time since getting shot in three places saturday night .
the dci and the vastrick vice president walked over to the car where the bodies were still being examined in place .
tim had no need to worry about all of this because the safety bar was in place , cutting off the electricity to this section of the tunnel .
donkin handed the knife back to barry and took his place behind katies chair , stroking her hair proprietarily as he grinned at dee .
he was invisible to the security forces in place around the rally , the rifle recessed in one of the small rectangular openings of the towers pinnacle .
no dishes in the sink , countertops were glowing and everything was neatly in its place .
anne smiled as she heard daisy in the background giving orders and skillfully guiding the movers so that her things were in the right place .
the bullets took their resting places in the skulls of the dead .
* * * arriving at the arena , i jump from the van and prepare a place for neewa to stay in the shade while we are in the arena .
it is out of place , an object lying on top of the undisturbed desert skin .
they seem unreal , out of place , as if they were put there , positioned upright , not shed or dropped naturally .
he flipped the switch , turning on the overhead light , and brook blinked from her hiding place between the bed and the wall .
he could cut through traditional thinking to introduce radical and innovative , but nonetheless practical policies , and lead from the front to get them into place .
other things had to fall in place first , and as long as there was nt a leak of any sort , andrew groves had no need for the time being to know what was being planned .
lets do that , and lets talk again soon when we have the new links in place .
at some point the detective peter bramley will contact us and arrange to meet up for a briefing on whatever sting they have put into place .
the man of steel finishes untying me and returns to his place near elena and the old man .
i take my place about ten yards down from him .
shed lost her place at the front of the cordon five times now : twice to visit the makeshift incident room set up , a consumers and regulatory office sixty yards away , and the three phone calls to josette .
too busy putting into place the final stages of his marvelous , strategic plan .
eight years of sailing through congress with the cullen bill , a few words out of place , and now it looked as if the whole tide might change .
after her mothers call and putting haffner on to search , her hopes had built : it somehow felt right , one final jigsaw piece she could see slotting neatly into place .
two of us here for the front door ... . well be covered by the other team moving into place be careful , dave .
having put the buffers in place , letting this outside their own section would endanger the whole operation : only weaver would know , the swat team would only be alerted at the last moment and would nt know their final destination and target until actually rolling .
neales bell uniform had been authentic , his explosives put in place four hours ago : two dime - sized plastique charges high up on telegraph poles twenty yards apart .
just enough to get the briefcase open , get the padded lip out and in place .
our supplies are loaded and we have our backpacks in place , sticks in hand , water bottles at our sides .
the first blow zion delivers is weak ; there is a small slap as leather connects with flesh , and will rocks slightly in his place before a sneer touches his lips .
he discreetly returned hammonds phone to its place on the seat before he stepped away from the truck .
even if the next two months were spectacular by the time you submit all the applications , go through underwriting and place all of the policies it will be fall . ''
several roughnecks were working diligently locking pipe after pipe in place over the well and watching them disappear into the earth .
i could see my arms shaking , from their place holding me upright , my pale palms pressed into the ground .
which is why getting tracking devices in place is so important .
you may hear first , once you ve got the phone taps in place .
either we both come home or we both die in place .
forcing this into its proper place in the back of your mind while you perform the complicated choreography that is a building search takes some mental discipline .
joey , lets get you in place for your entrance , said martha .
fans could choose sides ; tag teams could be formed ; rivalries could be put in place immediately .
his hands were in just the right place , folded neatly in front of him , and he was neither fidgety nor nervous .
details still evaded him , but he did not need details , as many thoughts began clicking into place in monson 's mind .
lastly , a weedy - looking boy who would nt be out of place in a police lineup reclined on the table , his attention shifting like he was awaiting some sort of meeting , and not simply skipping class .
once through the gap , the passengers dived back to their places and the raft plopped back level again .
apprehensive of the darkness outside , cathy walked back into the house , gathered the keys from their usual place and returned to the quiet garage .
cathy , donna and ellie had left the gate and were running across in front of the main building so they could have a better view of the new addition being manipulated into place .
* an hour later the second half of the building arrived and by four in the afternoon the four extra classrooms were sitting on twenty to thirty gigantic jacks ready to be lowered on precast concrete foundations the construction workers were digging into place .
as i took a place at the bar alongside him he ordered me a duplicate of whatever it was he was drinking .
the lackey was sitting on the bench , holding the sturdy mare in place , so that the cardinal could settle himself comfortably in the seat .
preston laughed , once everything was in its new place .
we had our first operative in place within three weeks of the first meeting in this board room .
i was going to surprise everyone with ground troops in place before you all arrived , but your early arrival screwed that up a bit .
once everything was in place and the small mountain of wine and alcohol had been put away , martie went in to start lunch .
they landed at the ranch just before dark and everyone helped move the helicopter back into place , tie it down , and check the other aircraft .
i m going to load our two shotguns just in case and place one by the front door and one by the back door .
their places set , joe and preston drove the two tractor trailers out of what now looked like a military compound , with joes eldest boy driving the first jeep and martie bringing up the rear .
along the aisles ushers moved to their predetermined places .
it was an exciting prospect and things fell into place very quickly .
the tail was in place outside the hotel when brady left for his afternoon appointments .
every target had two independent cells to ensure against failure and so i know all the teams were in place and ready to complete their missions as scheduled .
a few were out of cell coverage but i am sure they also were in place as arranged .
he found his place on the second floor of the building closest to the entrance so he made his way back towards the anterior .
the peugeot looked to be pretty much in the place where it had sat earlier .
he dragged the body out of sight , turned off the light and secured himself back in his hiding place in the kitchen .
september returned his glasses to their place on the bridge of his nose and stood .
there was a battered folding table , rather out of place at the rooms center , surrounded by four equally weathered collapsible chairs .
he replaced the cap on the bottle and gingerly returned it to its place on the shelf .
well have to get the apparatus in place with only the shortest notice , since i dare not set it up ahead of time and risk its existence being discovered .
i took my place by the meter he had indicated , glad to have something to divert my attention from the thought of those dreadful needles .
he stood up , returning the weapon to its place of concealment .
the paintings by dixon taylor , the ebony clock and the silver candlesticks were no longer in their accustomed places .
not a hair out of place as far as he could see and she did n't look to be in any particular distress .
before briar could voice an objection , ives vallin returned , breathing hard , his hair wildly out of place from his race to the truck .
before bruno 's death , the ark of the covenant and the powder it contained , along with a large cache of treasure , was removed from its ancient resting place beneath the remnants of solomon 's temple .
the good book says , a place for everything and everything in its place .
' everything was in place .
on its desktop an aluminium coffee machine took pride of place , surrounded on either side by a big box of tea bags , stacks of polystyrene cups and some packets of biscuits dumped on the countertop .
having just added the right amount of milk to a mug of tea poured to the perfect level , she shuffled through to her living room and took her place in a comfy armchair by the window .
he shifted his hips , letting the launcher slide snugly into place against his shoulder .
which meant stealth and covert tactics had to be in place to avoid them realising they d been identified until it was too late for a terrorist to react .
their surveillance positioned in place in paris , tailing him , holding back until two of their agents caught the drug deal .
apparently , henry had received a tip off that the dea had surveillance in place at the airfield and had sent the two giants with the rifles to take care of it .
a polished desk and chair were pushed against the far wall , taking pride of place .
still , the boy held his place on the porch .
he watched as she took her place at the farthest edge of the group .
it was a muddy blotch the size of a ketchup cap , utterly out of place in this arid nothingness .
the cop took his place on the bed , turned the scrawled - on yellow page of his little notepad over to a fresh sheet .
i organized the clothing racks , trying to find items which were out of place , straightened up the repair area where we installed leather grips and drilled out the wooden rackets .
diving after a ball that was just out of reach , she remained in place , sprawled in the sand .
now that i had the financing in place , i needed to assemble my team .
as we unloaded the groceries and putting them away in their proper places , the phone rang .
i went to the kitchen where jane , lily , and bri were already in place at the table .
i searched around , but did nt find anything out of place .
i heard the locks turning and the deadbolt sliding into place .
i headed back down to the dungeon , letting the steel locks slide out of place and entering .
i got off of him , my hands still in place as sven cuffed him .
pieter had to admire the craftsmanship by which this massive construction was put in place .
she pushed the big red button on the middle of the control panel and the cable tightened as a string in an effort to break away the wreck from its resting place .
but also that still a lot of the pieces of the puzzle had to find their proper place before he was going to grasp it all .
we have given it a special place at the entrance of the museum .
i followed suit , slipping the clip into place and chambering the first round .
i unrolled my window and peered through , watching as he crunched through the snow back to the log , pulling it into place .
we told you before we left to make arrangements and get your cover story in place .
are your swat teams in place ?
something clicked inside him as that piece snapped into place in - between its snuggly fitting neighbors .
the rearranging within me stopped , and settled into place over my mind .
the creatures were in the usual place in the shell of the unbuilt northbound platform of north end , or bull & bush as he and his colleagues called it .
adamantine dust , the dust of diamonds , flecked the nebulous haze , whirling in their places , to throw scintillating rays in every direction .
collin thought the chances were good that lily could get the vacation plans in place .
several of the other nurses she worked with had already scheduled vacations in the middle and end of july so she needed to get her plans in place .
i dropped the handset back into its place on the phone from my standing height , hoping it would break .
i could nt put the pieces in place but i figured the police must be putting two and two together now .
any chance you can have a team in place to raid the restaurant ?
the timer on my wrist ticked away , and i watched tre place two martinis on a silver tray .
# mill scott took the shotgun down from its place above the fireplace mantle .
inside the machine , a disc fell into place .
seated in his assigned place in the chamber , patrick tried to remember the manner in which his father conducted himself among his brethren .
forgetting himself for a moment , lepage took a quick step toward maly , but the loud creaking of the floor underfoot froze him in place .
garijo immediately returned his revolver to its place inside his jacket and , quick as a squirrel across a treetop , he approached one of the heavy ropes holding the ship in place at the dock .
the other men took places on either side of the dock , concealing themselves in the wet shadows while covering garijo 's incursion with their revolvers .
drawing his father 's colt , he took a place beside lepage before the great , glass disk .
he did not hesitate , however , once they had emptied their weapons , before rushing toward the splintered and broken lens still hanging in place at the end of the telescope .
freezing in place , he listened closely , and in the silence he was able to identify the sound he was hearing not as an echo bouncing off the interior face of the tube , but as a separate and sustained sound of its own , one that lepage had no difficulty in recognizing .
placing his right hand on the pistol lying beside him on the floor , he turned in place to see mademoiselle deschamps standing in the doorway .
they were wasting no time , maneuvering the back hoe into place .
he went back to his car , took off his disguise and put it back in its place under the back seat .
once doug had a plan in place he drove around lexington looking for cars to buy and he found a 2003 toyota camry that was for sale by owner parked along one of the streets .
he put on a pair of gloves and attached the c-4 with detonators to four places on the frame under the car .
he was in his hiding place as the rays of the sun peeped through the trees and he could tell it was going to be a beautiful bright day as the activity in the compound started to pick up .
once he had everything in place he took duct tape and wrapped it around a couple of times at both ends so the bomb and phone were secure .
he was checking things out along the dirt road for a hiding place for his car and an escape route in case he had to get out of there in a hurry .
everything had a place , and all the places were still full .
he just had to be fresh and ready tomorrow , with everything in place .
everything was already in place .
his nightcap with eva at the savoy had lasted almost two hours , but when it was finished , part of the play was in place .
does n't she realize we ' ve got to get this cash recycled , those bonds purchased and in place , before tanzan mino 's kobun have a chance to move on us ?
he motioned peretz out of the weapons station and took his place there .
everything had been delivered , was in place , and was humming .
somebody who can keep them busy while we get the real insertion in place .
` ` apparently the ship was put into place without authorization , '' brock went on .
cutter 's people want to use a delta task force , but they 'll need at least forty - eight hours to get them in place for an operation . ''
get the money in place , get out , and then wipe out the island , all evidence of the operation .
john watched as she found a place in the circle of dancers , and almost immediately caught the rhythm and the moves , earning the instantaneous and very audible admiration of the predominantly male spectators .
bolts in all the car doors instantly shot into place .
i have absences , i just have to organize them , arrange them , put them in place , waiting to open my eyes again and talk , stand up again .
alessandro was not far away , his jeans for once in the right place , but he had taken away his roman dialect , his fingers in his nose , his roller skates and irreverent jokes .
a white arrow was in place waiting to fly true .
i remember staring at the drivers side front tyre , which was a white - wall , strangely out of place amid the summer dust and debris of this dilapidated city .
frantically i tried to lift the towel over my head , and once the towel was in place i tried to cover my head with my arm in case the brute with the rifle decided to plant his cudgel right between my eyes .
he had everything in its proper place .
he made sure every single thing was back in its place before he picked up his keys and headed to the door .
a new stone was put into place every two and have minutes .
she was making sure everything was in place .
and as god would have it , the sixth pin slid snugly and clicked perfectly into place .
she bowed , which was out of place even in japan given the circumstances , and left in a hurry , walking even weirder than usual now that she did nt have someones shadow to do it on .
using more magic , it flew back into its right position without a screw out of place .
after a moments hesitation , i realized that it could be pivoted upwards to the wall , where it completely disappeared in its place .
the appliances are all stainless steel and there is nt an item out of place .
the vessel full of memories welcome aboard let 's take it all in , everything so well preserved , in the words of poetry , so well written , that it now begs to be read , that 's where you come in , my new best friend , the reader , of the strange new possession , that is this book , i could tell you how much it tore me apart , to share with you the words , and the memories that i have , within these pages but should i do that , you 'll know more than enough , that maybe you 'll debate on walking away , that maybe you 'll put this down , and decide that this is n't for you , and i do n't want to lose you , so early on , i would love to let you in , on a few secrets , but of course , i wo n't share it all within the first pages , because , i ca n't let you in too much right here , after all this is the beginning , there 's so much more than this , wrapped up and bound , in the pages of this collection , it 's a promise , as twisted as this will sound , i want to promise you that this book , will be something you ' ve never seen before , and it 's likely that you may never see something like it again , this book will take you down dark alleys , where you should have packed a gun , it will take you down well lit hallways , where good will triumph over evil , and then there are other places , these places are so deep , so dark that trying to put , the essence of those pages into words themselves , could very well be impossible , but not completely so , you ' ve noticed that the title of this book , more than memories i ' m sure , and there 's a just reason , why i would put such words on the front , and that reason is so very simple , more than memories fits , so well , because the book that you now possess , is full of memories , full of insight , here 's to hoping that you enjoy it , and consider this an opening shot , that 's being fired , because i 'll warn you now , you re in for a hell of a ride ... . ghetto girl the door slams shut , as she lifts herself off the bed , for the umpteenth time , the bruises around her eyes , starting to swell , she walks to the mirror behind her door , a mirror that 's told her story for years , and she touches her face , she feels the bruises , swelling faster and faster , she 'd like to think back to a simpler time , one when her life was n't so bad , but she ca n't , her life has been hell since she can remember , and it only continues to get worse , she sits back on the bed , her face bruised , beaten and battered , her insides scared from the abuse , living in the hell she has been , downstairs the screams echo upward , her drug induced mom , screaming slurs , claiming that this shit hole is below her , but that 's a nightly rant for her mom , her dad yells , in his alcohol induced rage , that the world does n't put her on a pedestal , from above our girl listens , and is scared , the footsteps come back up the stairs , in her head she knows what 's coming next , it 's the never ending cycle of abuse , verbal , physical , sexual , it 's how her dad always gets when he 's drinking , the door bust open , and before she can stop it the hand is at her mouth , and he forces her to the bed , she cries inside , but it 's been like this for nearly four years , after he 's done he gets up , taps her chest and thanks her , before stumbling out of the room , she cries herself to sleep , praying for a better tomorrow , school is no better , people just do n't seem to care , she keeps to herself , as she walks the hallways , only wishing that she had a friend , she sees everyone in their happiest of moods , and wishes that was her , that she could live the life , of someone who managed to be , beautiful , the abuse continues , as the months roll by , some weeks it 's so much worse than the others , she does n't know how to make it stop , does n't know how to make it go away , then one day as sunlight shines , on her dim and dark world , a friend comes along , wanting to help her , but even this path will be a dark one , at first it seems like a great idea , leaving home to be with her new friend , but soon she learns that there 's more to this , then meets the eye , that night she gets her first taste of the underworld , first it 's the joints , with the smoke swirling ever higher , it takes her places , where her problems do n't exist she did n't think a place like that was real , but soon it 's not enough , and she learns that there are other things , to hide away the pain , and the nightmares , so she asks for more , next comes the spoons , melted and polluted , with cocaine , her heart leaps at the chance , to escape ever further , but as she climbs higher , so does her tolerance , as it all loses its effects , i need more she cries , as she 's gotten used to a world with no pain , next in swirling despair , comes the needle , one so trivial and evil , that she does n't even realize , what 's about to happen , the heroin takes hold , and spins her out of control , further and further it goes , she ca n't stop it now , as her heart feels the greatest it 's ever felt , she feels like life ca n't get any better , everything she 's wanted , right at her finger tips , an escape only ever , a phone call away , time ticks by , and soon her body begins to turn , but that internal fire , was something she never bargained for , and she wants to escape again , they told her it was the be all , end all , and that she would never feel , this great again , they told her she had to try , so away she went , into a world that was so dark , that no light could save her , but she felt great , greater than ever in fact , the meth took hold , and further out of control , she could n't stop herself , and in her mind she said , that she did n't want to , but with her , as reality always seems to do , came crashing down around her one night , the phone rang , and her freedom was gone , her friend had found herself on the wrong end of a bust , jail time was a sure thing , she had learned that from her time in the underworld , but the worst part was now she had no one , all the junkies they knew , were n't her friends at all , so she went back to the torment and torture , of everyday life , continual abuse , and put up with it she did , until withdrawal caught up with her , she heard the arguing , hours in advance , and knew he was drunk again , she had taken time earlier while they were out , to plan for just such the event , he came up the stairs , and threw open the door , he was already trying to come at her , when she pulled the trigger , once , twice , and a third , all the shots rang out , loud and angry , and with each one she felt , more liberated , then the last , she rolled his body off to the side , and spit directly in his face , that now lifeless face , it felt so , so good , but there was more to be done , she walked downstairs , and felt the smoke hit her nose , but it did n't affect her anymore , she was far beyond that of weed , instead she reacted as if nothing was there , she walked down through the kitchen , to where her mom was sitting , as our girl came through the door , her mother 's eyes were wide , with the last words she ever heard , you dirty little cunt how could you , let him do that to his own daughter , are you proud you little whore , i sure as hell hope so because soon , you 'll both be rotting in hell together , she pulled the trigger , once , twice , a third time , every shot freeing her more than the last , in her heart she felt relieved , the pain could finally stop , oh but not yet her mind told her , she knew what she had to do , she placed the gun on the table , and prepared for her final task , she secured the rope tight , and put the chair in place , fear had never been her strong suit , as she prepared for the end , she knew that this would make it all go away , she left a note in case anyone cared to look , not that she thought they would , she simply scribbled in her little handwriting , they said they would look out for me and lied , today is the day this nightmare i call a life ends .
i fight , and dig deeper , i ' m almost to the finish line now , and i wo n't be stopped , it 's just up in sight , that magic tape will be mine , and i will finally achieve another goal , that few thought could be done , welcome to the darkest part of my mind , and soul , be set for a bumpy ride , it 's gon na be a long few days april 22 , 2012 where do the hours go , where do the days fly , you wake up one morning , and it 's been 10 years , another morning , you re driving , and a third , you can legally drink , what did you do in those short years , that seemed to pass , in the overnight hours , could you say that if it all ended tomorrow , you would be perfectly fine , knowing that you did n't do , everything you wanted to , knowing that you turned into , something that you re not proud of , that the demon that is harbored in your heart , is controlling you , when you wake up tomorrow , can you re - take your heart , and turn yourself into something , that is worthwhile , take the road , and become the person , that you were always meant to be , i ca n't help , but ask , wake up tomorrow , be the person , be the best , do n't fear , and be afraid , because the unknown , that you re scared of , could turn into your home , april 23 , 2012 the road is a rough ride , that asks for your heart and soul , every time you walk onto the asphalt , when you leave , there 's a part of you left behind , that does n't seem to want to leave , you live so much of your life , on the road , that you forget what a home , your home looks like , but it 's okay because the road is your home , or your own personal hell , either way you ca n't seem to decide , it 's something that you ' ve asked yourself , what got you into this in the first place , what got you into doing this , leaving so much of yourself behind , can you continue to do that , until there 's nothing left of you to give , until there 's nothing left for you to be , and you become nothing more than a shell , of the human being you once were , letting the life you chose , define you , rather than defining it , this life will chew you up , and spit you out , and when it 's all said and done , this life , will leave you on the side of the road you call home , looking like nothing more , then a sorry pile , of road kill april 24 , 2012 blank paper , calling my name , and wishing to be written , and tamed , my brain screams no , but my hands write , and write , until they bleed , it 's almost as if , my brain shuts down , and my heart takes over , but when i come to , there 's something in front of me , written , and it 's lovely , almost melodic , but it 's then i have realized , that this piece , that i so desperately wanted to write , will become my last piece , for the blood that was on my hand , came from my wrist , as my brain shut down , my need to be remembered took over , and wrote a final note , telling the world how i loved them , and hoped that they would remember me now , april 25 , 2012 elaborate is the world we live in , elaborate is the entire fabric we make up , the world as it exist not as it once did , but as something far more complicated now , the people , and the things in it , are far more complicated , the world we live in , in 2012 , is a far cry from that of the early settlers , of the cavemen , but does anyone else see the change , for the people , at least at this time the changes are for the better , for earth however , these changes keep sucking the life out of her , does this mean we 're on a fast track , to a doomsday countdown , that so many have predicted or are we just going to end up killing ourselves , with overuse , and problems that we continue to create , the world is more elaborate now , there 's no denying that , and it 's man 's fault , but when you look at it , because of that built deliverance , man has become far more stupid , than in any age before .
he came dressed in garb that would not look out of place on a priest .
once the boards were in place , he could hear something , perhaps a rug of some kind , being dragged over the top of where he lay .
hours passed , only god knowing how many , before walter raised his head from its resting place between his arms and noticed the oil sconces in the wall were all but spent .
this continued for several minutes after i peeled myself off the steps actually , and somehow my hands were still in the same places i d forced them to stay .
then well have to compensate , by moving up our prep time line to get things in place before the security is increased , said nikki .
as he twisted in place , he automatically assumed a defensive position .
he reached out for his tool and placed it back in its place on his belt .
# bench emerged from the narrow spiral staircase and prowled the bowels of the spaceport , headed to the temporary operations center that had been put in place by his employer .
once his emerging ego was quickly put back in its humble place , he agreed to the interview , on the condition that his identity would remain undisclosed .
the finestrone was always to its place , with the glass still broken , but that height was impossible to also be reached for giotto .
i leaned out me and i was happy to see a fleeting metallic shine , sign that the object was still to its place .
it is everything to place ?
i looked at him / it with hate and i intended me that if one day the things had returned to place i would have remembered to give him a two weeks of bites to the calves .
from his hair to his spit - polished shoes , nothing was out of place .
they had traded places around the pool table now .
steele grabbed eddies free ankle , wrestled it into place , and tied it to the other side of the tree in the same fashion as the first .
each of the women sat in their place for a while .
his artillery crew was now idle due to lack of ammunition and he ordered them to dig up additional trenches and place sandbags to provide additional cover for riflemen and mortar crews .
having a baby at fourteen would destroy their bright shining star and as with all things margaret felt a duty towards , she started putting a strategy into place .
rodney settled himself behind the counter while adam took his place in front of the counter .
they have even withheld a substantial part of my fee until the last brushstroke is in place .
de la place specialised mainly in portraits ; landscapes were a bit of a sideline .
think about it , cedric , we think that we know the provenance of these perinis , the de la places , even the lorenzinis .
everything else is in place as usual .
the closet contained an area devoted to womens dresses and accessories none of which was out of place .
penny lifted the album to get a better stream of light and suddenly the picture was shaken loose from its place in the album and fluttered to the floor landing on its face .
there was nothing fancy about it , but , apparently , she had a place for everything and everything was in its place .
the angel was about nine inches tall with a place for candles on each side of the crystal figurine .
when the manger was in place , he carefully placed the small hand - carved baby on the hay he had purchased from frank tinsley .
she found nothing out of place but she smoothed out the coverlet on their bed and daydreamed a little more , then hurried on up the hill and visited with grandmother lydia until the rest of johnnys family came .
opening the door to the small office , he found jeffrey hunter sitting in his usual place behind a large battered desk .
he saw that his own clothes were drying near the fire : they looked odd and out of place in this setting .
all he saw was the outline of the furniture , and all this seemed to be in its usual place .
things were clicking into place no , out of place , out of their neat and comfortable slots .
things were clicking into place no , out of place , out of their neat and comfortable slots .
sitting in the chair in her usual place was mrs jermyn - lloyd , looking as old and frail as ever .
the hand reaches into the cylinder to draw a second vial and place it adjacent to the first in the case .
filling it with fresh water , she replaces the flowers into the vase and puts it back in its normal resting place .
the railway cars will then take the items to a massive distribution facility where smaller crates will be places into trucks to be shipped to their respective destination cities .
the caravan should be arriving in approximately fourteen minutes and there should be five vehicles in the convoy.-make sure all the cars are accounted for before you move into place at the exits.-harringtons radio squawked and he spoke into it briefly before turning back to his men.-ive just been told that the firemen have rescued the cat which means they have just passed the first checkpoint at the bridge.-move at once into your assigned places and stay out of sight until the last moment .
johnny was glad to help and he decided he wanted to do the same thing in the yard in front of his new house.- moving in was scheduled for july 5 , so it would put the finishing touches on their landscaping.- bruce came down and helped , too , and both flag poles were in place before dark on july 3 .
yes , were going to need your help with the next phase of this case.-the dea agent agreed.-the three men settled themselves around the desk while keenan got cups and poured coffee for everyone.-when everyone was in place , sheriff keenan began.-he looked first at deputy storms .
like all us embassies around the world , security had been enhanced after 9/11 to prevent all manner of attacks on the embassy itself , with heavy concrete barriers , a dense maze of crowd - control gates , and a host of other less - visible security measures put in place to control access .
slowly , i leaned forward into a pose that would nt look out of place on the cover of the sunday sport ; legs slightly apart , chest thrust outwards .
looking around , she found a hiding place behind a column in the middle of the room .
he reached for it and grabbed onto the stock , checked to make sure none of the parts had slipped out of place during the car crash , cocked it and clicked back the hammer .
we had to wait in the van until the tent was fully assembled and the chairs were put in place within .
reluctantly , i retired to a place at a table without anything to eat .
the tree fell to the ground with a heavy impact and settled in its place .
as out of place as it may have seemed for the moment , all i could think about was how one way or another i was seeing the knolix island for the last time .
everything in the office was set neatly and precisely in its place from books displayed on shelves to the sheets of paper shredded and laid neatly in the waste basket .
we ducked inside and i rolled the boulder back into place behind us .
grizz removed his helmet and his sweaty long hair was out of place and flattened .
the life - boat zandith crockmior kept its place near the ceiling and opened its mouth wide .
once we stepped into the elevator , we turned around to face the five humans , still quivering in their places .
jupacious took his place at his throne which was actually a glorified con - cave area built into the steep menacing wall .
laughing ruefully to himself , he remembered something seemed out of place when he came home from work that afternoon .
clearing his house room by room , he searched for anything out of place .
one more little piece of the puzzle clicked into place , somewhere at the back of his mind , the part that worked unconsciously .
she would head into the kitchen to find her father sitting in his usual place at the table eating breakfast and reading the morning paper .
opening the door with his keycard , larry found their luggage already in place inside .
she obviously was something of a clean freak as everything was spotless and in it 's place .
during their two days of hammering out the plans for their foray into guatemala , which had included several conversations with both george in england and hector pan in canada , she had drilled into them that the tangos , through their government informants , would have the airports , railway stations and bus depots all covered but they could n't cover every border crossing therefore better to drive and allow two to three days for the trip giving time for the other pieces to fall into place .
everything is in place to get us out of the country in a hurry but you can bail right now if you choose ... .it 's your choice and no one will hold it against you . ''
george sat on a bench with jennie , a bench he 'd put in place himself , looking at the marble headstone over the well tended grave .
if i remember mrs . pastorellis experiment correctly , all i have to do is place it in water and voom !
he was wearing a suit , which in itself was out of place , but there was also something else peculiar about him .
stan had a good perimeter in place .
urgently , he then put the coffin to its resting place where the black friars would never find it .
he had been given permission by august to organize them that way without having to put the books back in their original places every night .
once everything was in place they stood in the middle of the room and admired the works .
when he was working , green wore a dark suit that matched his businessmans haircut and general demeanour ; except when professional reasons demanded that he blend into a situation where a suit would be out of place .
returning to london , julian seriously considered swapping the number plates on the two bmws , now that he d appreciated the superiority of the higher specification , but in the end he told himself that this was the sort of greedy and foolish mistake that had trapped lesser minds than his and so he left jonathans car parked in its proper place , feeling virtuous at having resisted temptation for once in his life .
the wheel settled a little into place .
those who had been in the back moved up one place closer to the prime space behind the driver and guide .
jill switched hers off and stationed herself in emmas place , gripping the pathetically inadequate piece of timber that emma had been holding as a weapon .
i put the diary back in its place , changed into my bathing suit , and then went downstairs to join her .
but with the fourth suture in place and erics blood loss still heavy and his blood pressure dipping sharply again to 37 in only seconds , andr felt the last hopes slipping away .
marc goffinet was at the far end of the room , three work places along on the same lab bench as david copell , peering into a microscope and periodically lifting up to tap details into a computer .
tasias tall , white chefs hat was in its usual place in the far corner .
his favorite photograph of tasia sitting beside him on a courtyard bench in happier days was in its usual place on a shelf behind his desk , as was a portrait of his son silas in a silver frame .
nicolette nodded and sat in zachs place .
taking the key from its place , she went to the wine cellar and unlocked the door .
its a great place to park ybike , right between her cheeks .
kp 's hand shuffles inside the box and he pulls out the final three ice pops , places two against his forehead and sticks the third in his mouth .
he heaves again and , this time , it shifts slightly from its long settled place on the pitted concrete .
wrenching him up , up and away like a hooked fish from his dark comfortable place on wedges living room floor , asleep on the afghan rug .
a cigarette takes its place at his lips .
wedge takes his place on the bench , locking the bag between his ankles .
kp sits in his place on the bench .
water was now covering the entire previously cracked window when the first chip finally fell out of place .
i had to make sure that everything was in place ; scented candles , slow music , condoms placed inside the pillowcase , and some chilled bottled water .
shela got up as i took my rightful place on top of that big ass dick .
it was a puzzle i could nt solve , not enough pieces in place .
what happens when you switch it on without the pot in place ?
i m saying that in order for the smoke alarm to have gone off when it did , davenport would have had to turn on his maker without putting the pot in place , and on top of that , the thermostat would have had to have chosen that precise night to stop working .
ethan prince had taken his place atop the smokers bench .
returning the drawer to its rightful place , jessica stood and scanned the room .
she pulled the cheap lining out of place , laid the shopping bag to rest against the bottom .
my drawer just a little out of place .
it seemed out of place .
his shabby pale green suit out of place against the midnight black car .
the guards at the shack approached the car that they had been shooting at , that had crashed into a wall right in front of the surveillance camera , the drivers head at an odd angle up against the windshield , wedged in place by the steering wheel .
he dropped the clip from his automatic and slipped another one into its place .
thirty seconds later the replacement was in place and the real painting was safely in his canvas carry - all .
` ` that 'll do , thanks , '' pat said from his place on the sofa .
he took one last look to ensure that the envelope was in its place before pulling the matches from his pocket .
the stake belongs to the construction crew , but its out of place , probably transplanted by our shooter .
the pieces were in place , all they were doing now was waiting .
lets assume for a moment that our guy had the bomb in place for a few days prior to the fight .
he returned the binoculars to his pocket , and then felt around his hip to ensure the phone was in place .
he fell into his place behind the rest of the team up against a neighboring house .
once the costume was all in place , tony walked to the chair and sat .
when he was satisfied everything was in place , he donned the stethoscope again and listened to the lungs one more time to be sure .
once the cot was snapped into place , he reattached the bag and gave it two full squeezes .
safeguard the agent in place at p-18 and move the crew to p-13 .
he nodded to greg who took sydneys place in front of the room and proceeded to outline the threats they faced and the procedures they would all follow .
a lot of strange faces , jack , sydney whispered from her place next to him .
i liked it ; it kind of reminded me of bob dylan , with a guitar sound that would n't sound out of place on an eddie cochran track .
after shutting his bedroom door , edwin secured the latch , which clicked into place .
barry agreed to carry out the hit on the sunday evening so the other guy could get an alibi in place .
the car park at the mosque would be deserted , with no cctv in place .
if they did , and were willing to go first , they could perform one of the hits , and then the second hit would fall into place .
it would almost certainly cause a ruckus , but another team would have moved into place outside the building by the time he could react and run .
wolf took his usual place at point , and seven minutes later they were all hidden at the second rp .
nothing seemed out of place yet .
the driver told them to make sure they put on their hats , but that wearing sunglasses would be out of place .
plus he had the shots of that tour bus completely out of place in the woods .
then i want you to check it thoroughly for anything that s out of place , because we never really trust anyone .
the administrative offices had been moved , but the main gate was in the same place .
on this occasion , owing to the weather and his current lack of enthusiasm for anything , only the door to the far left was open , leaving the rest of the glass doors in place .
a raised arm threw a house - brick at the windscreen of the landrover which merely bounced off , but still chris plunged into the wrestling mob to nail the bastard until the chopping edge of a placard struck him in the exact same place as the police baton had just six days before .
one of our shiny new police and crime commissioners , mr . yasir davi , has made an official request that this ' efl ' , be proscribed as an illicit organisation and a banning order be put in place .
big and burly he was , clad head to toe in black , with shiny brass buttons singularly out of place along the front of his jacket .
` ` agreed , '' she said again , playing me , the gears had started falling into place the minute i walked out of the hospital .
a dime was place on the end of the rifles barrel .
after watching him leave , jo walked back to her place next to laura .
by thursday , the basement was painted , the floors polished , and the display cases delivered and in place .
centered on lisas desk and surrounded by precariously high stacks of manila client files , the lovely blossoms looked as out of place as a peacock in the desert .
if i get that cleared , well have the space to re - organize the files in their proper place .
the boy was place on the ground and before tristan or anyone else could do anything , i went for him and lifted him up into my arms .
your job is to sneak inside , find devs office or whatever , and place that hourglass inside .
everything was in its place ; he could not see a single pair of stray underpants or discarded clothing .
everything was now in place , he had constructed the set meticulously , his best creation yet .
once all of the groceries were put in their proper places , she walked towards the back of the condo , where her bedroom was .
it is up to the contact team to act out the scripts or play the audio tapes we have in place .
yes , but in truth , most of the big ideas had already been put in place : the story , such as it was ; the organisation ; contingency plans running along side .
so , he 'd had some sort of plan in place and dressed me for this latest event .
staring me down for what felt like an eternity , he muttered something , took a few steps back and pulled the window on the opposite side of the room closed , the flap arching downward on its hinges , and the panel of wood banging on the sill until it settled into place , a sliver of light slicing at a small spot on the dirt floor .
by the time i d half - finished my tasty faux meat , all the little bits were falling into place ( not just the ones on the tips of my fingers ) .
it took about two hours to collect the lifeboats we d dropped , returning the bounty to its rightful places .
pavan leaned forward and snapped the footstool in place , nearly being launched into the kitchen in the process .
still , i could feel the memories filtering back -- not quite the flood but certainly no trickle -- and , more importantly , each seemed to be slowly settling into its place : tinkle - tick , tinkle - tick .
he crouched , unwilling to climb back through the window unless he had to , looking for suitable hiding place in the garden .
he slumped forwards as crombie relaxed his grip , resuming his place at the bottom of the bed .
in fact , he dreamed of boating on yellowstone lake disguised as fisherman and using diving equipment to place bombs at the lakes bottom far below the surface .
not one follicle was out of place .
once everything had been set in place they both genuflected again before the tabernacle .
i noticed with surprise that the harpoon was missing from its place in the broken window .
he ran from the serpent , which had begun to writhe powerfully in its place on the wall .
the serpent was back in its place on the wall .
* * * eventually everything was in place , and lloyd flew to geneva to start his new life immediately after the cremation , which had been arranged to take place immediately after the inquest .
much of it was simply an update on the progress that had been made in getting things and people in place as had been agreed earlier , and there was nothing much of any significance to report until it came to clive newell .
you re supposed to have intercepts , phone taps and traces in place on all our phones and internet connections , including that one .
we are getting systems in place , and have drawn up tentative lists of what information was obviously passed to dmitri makienko , and who here would have had access to it and been able to pass it on .
also very annoying , robin , in that the boy , donald , tried to get a phone call through to nick marsden asking for help , but for some reason gchq had not put the intercepts in place , so we have no idea where the call came from .
all the intercepts are in place now , he told marsden , and with any luck at all , we should still be able to find out the general area where this call came from , if not the actual number of the phone that was used .
he was washed and shaved promptly every morning , and everything was kept clean and tidy and in its place .
there were only a few pieces of the jigsaw to find and put in place .
jigsaw piece in place .
i got the van in place and coyote opened the gate so we could begin loading .
in the end , he had to use a bunch of teddies , cramming them into the spaces i did n't occupy , jamming me in place in the high - backed chair .
he needed the house empty as he was finishing up his preparations and made sure that all parts of the plan were in place .
the group was currently putting asset into place to take over such a plant and hopefully cause it to melt down .
a couple more suvs were loaded with luggage , although most of their equipment was already in place .
a canvas sheet was rolled out on the roof of the pen whenever there was rain but the wardens took their time putting that in place .
yes graham , well have something in place .
first of all you can tell us who of the other four who were ousted from office have similar views to you and would be willing to come underground and start to put in place a plan that will return us to democracy .
plans were put in place and two days later two battle groups , each of twenty armed men , emerged from southgate underground .
he was slowly putting pieces of the jigsaw into place and needed to be extra careful .
satisfied they were not carrying anything out of place , she proceeded to make a breakfast from the meagre stock provided .
following malou inside , even the lounge furnishings were in the same place .
the eye slits were now out of place and the animal could not see .
it seemed out of place , but the shape was recognisable .
the realtor excused herself to answer a call while harvey and i got busy setting everything in place .
then taking the pad and sticking it in her purse she picked up and returned the file to its rightful place so it would nt alarm her fastidious receptionist , thankful that wendy was nt the one who had found it in the first place .
no matter that he had had a lifetime of achievement behind him ; developing ideas and putting in place the foundations for building successful enterprises .
we were almost in place but your charge made them show themselves , and we got the buggers .
i went to take a place at the bar while george sat at the table , to sayers right .
he pulled a machine gun from its place and handed it to me , sayer has two under his bed .
captain rob and the sea dancer were sitting in the middle of a vast tunnel of clear air that rose from the sea to the heavens above , the storm being held back by an invisible force that god had put in place to protect the sea dancer and give it clear passage .
dereks controlling voice filled the room again : round 2 begins place your bets .
the floor was swept clean , the broom leaning strangely out of place next to a door that led into the house .
i feel her place her arms on my shoulder .
i feel her place the thermometer on my forehead and then it goes beep .
first , you 'll see sung li right back in her old place in the center of the shelf , staring out with those cold glass eyes that are n't really glass at all , only that stuff they make plates out of .
but i just may retire it after this occasion , put it pride of place at my dining room table and from it say my grace and enjoy my three square meals a day .
a dark green velvet lounge chair was moved into place by two young stewards with white kit gloves ; they promptly added to it a polished black wood side - table and departed with bows .
i do nt really do any work in here except place my feet up on the desk , do nt tell anyone though , but its still kind of a sacred place .
jason , jim and steve each place their arms under her and we left her up .
nothing so far had looked out of place for the salary mark had claimed on his income tax for the last five years .
the first part of the sneak and peek would be getting my bugs and listening devices in place .
she thought of finding a place in reading , but it was a bit too obvious should anyone search .
they arranged the evidence into groups on different desks , the pathology of his skull and arm in one place , the exhibits from the murder site on another , the third had a map showing susan and marks probable course through the nt along with the bits they had gathered at each place , photos at yulara , the testimonies from barkly roadhouse , heartbreak hotel , daly waters and timber creek .
every time the youth reached to a point which the tortoise had reached earlier , he discovered that the tortoise had inevitably already left that point before he reached it and had moved forward ; in that way the tortoise was always at an advantage of a place ahead of the youth .
within a few minutes , becky comes out of the tent , zips it up , and takes her normal place sitting between thoms legs in front of the roaring fire .
he removes the dirty butterfly stitches , cleans up the cut , and places fresh butterfly stitches over the cut .
as we pull into base operations , i notice the airplane is already pulled out front with the red carpet in place .
with the flick of one switch , the far wall would open up , and a large back - lit projection screen would glide into place .
he crossed the room to the large model of the plant and the clinic , encased within glass and taking pride of place on a raised plinth against one of the walls .
and the spare key to martin 's study will be with the others in the usual place . ''
even though they tested and labeled the chaos reality , they obsessively tried to maintain an illusion of order and control inside of their work space , with everything in its correct and proper place .
damn it , oscar swore , watching as ashe put the other zip tie into place , all while thinking about the sharp knife that he had at his waist .
got the snipers into place ?
jason and valerie climbed into the backseat while frank took his place behind the wheel .
on essex street they were just pulling into place a cart where you could get cheap eats .
further inspection showed me that everything that had carelessly been thrown on the floor had been picked up and placed in a logical place .
i made sure all the locks on the front door were in place and then turned the music down .
what mattered most were the pieces of the puzzle moving to their places on their own volition .
he was moving it out of place .
i walked back to the dining room table and placed the eda computer in its usual place .
gipn is getting into place already .
matthew pushed troys feet off the bed and sat down in their place .
it was a tight fit , but he maneuvered skillfully until he was in place .
it was chee wee , sitting up in his place in the big chair across the room .
angel abi returned to her place on the porch before beginning to read it .
they covered it with the dirt and slid the stone back into place .
a handle was locked into place on the right center of the hatch .
once i have attached the anchor line for it , the set - lines will be in the perfect place .
as soon as the small plate of fish and rice was empty , zahra moved back again and siti re - took her place in front of him .
about myapparentlynow famous rant last week , i wondered veronica interrupted him which was very out of place for her and gus was as equally surprised , i beg your pardon sir , but i have to ask you a question .
matt put down his book , placing a finger to hold his place , i ve not been up long , maybe an hour , then looking down at how much he had read , maybe more .
finding the question odd , miss - timed and out of place the duke responded , his voice slowing like a musical retard , yes , that was the hour i am sure .
veronica quickly dressed and found the duke waiting for her in his usual place in the library standing in front of the large fireplace .
the sisters resumed their same places , with min on the chair and jiang standing next to her .
they stood and , with no resistance from us , put us firmly in their respective places on the silk .
` ` they have a place in paris , on rue tholoze .
between them i saw victoria squeezed tightly , in what had previously been elizabeths place .
stop pm millerand to take place in all duties stop and so on .
` ` please , sit , '' she echoed and with this second prompt we dutifully sat opposite her as mortier took his place at the head of the table .
she moved a stack of files on her desk from one place to another with no apparent purpose .
some things are falling into place for me and i d like to run them down to you all .
i did pull the trigger on the whore using bautistas gun and set the frame in place on the detective , but i had nothing to do with carmichaels murder .
when everything was in place , i started the car , hit the lights , and started driving back toward the house .
his nose was bulbous , red , and out of place on the mans face .
he imagined that she had taken that very place on the floor on purpose .
the beautiful rugs we picked out were still in place .
everything else appeared to be in its place .
chillings leaned back and pressed a button , rolling the window that separated him from his driver back into its regular place .
she returned it to its place on her utility belt , moving the right side of her trench coat over a little bit .
jaclyn returned it to her utility belt and pulled the ipad out in its place .
the door had a chain lock on it and when he tried to open it the chain jerked the door back in its place .
even a child would notice that your expensive suit was out of place for a gringo .
but his expensive camel - hair , woolen overcoat seemed out of place , along with much of his other expensive clothes and habits , yet he accepted it with humor .
peeking her head around the corner , she saw the sofa and furnishings were already in place with cardboard boxes stacked against the wall .
the bus driver was slumped on the floor , and in his place behind the steering wheel , natalie gritted her teeth .
she swung hard left and juiced the accelerator , leaving any pursuers behind her , knowing she was only minutes from being fully exposed to the inevitable roadblocks the authorities would put into place .
after loading the magazines she repacked the box , replacing the locked suitcase before sliding it back into place next to the scuba tanks .
i put the principal parties into place .
the girly magazines were in their proper place .
put a net in place .
adele slid the pan into place and waited .
it was nt the gesture itself that surprised me , it was just how out of place it looked .
he came out with his shoulder - bag and returned to his place at the table .
i needed to read it again , without annie drilling me on the phone , and make sure i had all the facts in place .
at last , i placed the manila envelope back in its initial place .
i paused in place , wondering why someone would display a grand coffin in such a manor , raising it two or three steps off the floor on a platform .
each wheel was manned by six servants faithfully holding the tonnage of iron and wood in place .
as i stepped in he softly closed the door behind meand i heard a bolt slide into place .
i m sure radu noticed the strained expression on my face ease as i listened , because he quickly added , it will take some time for the ottoman army to secretly amass our forces there in balteni , but once we do have them in place , we will outnumber him ten to one .
finally , after four restful months , radu informed me that the ottoman forces were in place in the marshland and waiting for my arrival .
i did nt have the stake in place , but i still had the mallet raised high .
i took a few steps forward , away from the carriage , then paused in place , not wanting to approach her without warning .
i nodded and pressed the fingertips of my left hand down on the frets where i had seen phin place his , then strummed a few times with my fingertips in different places to see what sound each combination made .
the vase and flowers that sat on a decorative wall table in the background seemed out of place , if not contrived .
the canals that border the old city were put in place to ward off invading armies .
he set the receiver on his shoulder and tilted his head to hold it in place , only to hear yves voice on the other end .
these dudes remind me of those movies we used to see , donna starts , glancing up with distaste as someone hoists an iron grill over one living room window , begins drilling it into place , where a group of the quote unquote good guys goes a little crazy and renegade and completely takes over .
accompanied by jennifer and a number of the other better shots , they circle around the southern perimeter of the compound and take their places in trees along the southeast , with night vision scopes and an arsenal of firearms .
scott demands , holding her arms in place and therefore her body as well .
but steve had been scouting out every step of the operation one last time , assuring that all of the pieces were in place .
bauer made his way around the desk to take his place on the leather wing chair and indicated to meyer to take a seat opposite on one of the much smaller but just as beautiful guest chairs .
meyer assured him that it would only take a moment but would demonstrate to the court what he believed had taken place that day .
sarah hawthorne was relieved to see that her beloved bmw remained in place in the alleyway behind nathans apartment block , without any parking tickets attached .
i checked to make sure everything was in place .
he d need hours to put everything back in place .
the negroes waiting that sunday morning were the same men who hauled and hewed the crossties from trees , who chipped boxes and dipped gum and mended the iron hoops holding the wooden staves in place on the gum barrels ; the same men who hauled the raw pine gum or resin to the nearest fire still to be distilled into spirits of turpentine .
the door of the dining car signaled it was opening with the whooshing sound and she hurried back to her hiding place behind the canister .
the brittle gray shed looked like always , nothing out of its place , not even a scorch spot on the cypress shingle roof .
on both sides of the tracks , pines have been limbed and treated for power poles , the tiered black wires an ideal place for the fat doves to perch .
when he got in his truck , sinking his body now weighted with cow into the panned out place on the seat , he sat , picking his teeth and staring off at the fireball of sun guttering out on the treeless horizon .
as the fat moved forward to the place at the side of the oak trunk , where a minute earlier the stranger had stood , and as he stood there in that very spot , the stranger had circled the tree , and in the act , picked up some instrument from among the leaves on the floor and moved round so that he now stood behind the fat man .
john marveled at how organized it was with everything neatly in its place .
i do nt see one crack or one block moved out of place .
the men have taken it upon themselves to organize a security detail to set in place once the appliances arrive .
he grabbed his glock 9 mm handgun from its resting place on the top shelf of his closet .
the bait tank , with its air compressor humming noisily in the afternoon breeze was kind of out of place against the gleaming new wall of the office but it was a necessary piece of equipment for those die - hard bass fisherman who demanded fresh live shiners every morning .
like no one will figure out that p2 means phase two.sheila carried the file over to jeffs desk and made herself at home.she carefully scanned each page until she found pages she had not seen before.what the hell is this ? sheila scanned memos dated from two months prior , outlining an onsite lab that would carefully screen and monitor each patients progress.the last memo discussed the importance of controlling the final results and made the claim that the onsite lab would most efficiently accomplish that goal.the location ofpharmlabhad a different downtown address.very clever.the other location was probably a chevron station.she had never seen these memos , and wondered how they had been distributed so easily without her knowledge.she stared at them as though they were on fire.did dominex intend to forge the lab location and the results if necessary ? there was so much more involved with this study than a volunteers drug screen result.she scribbled down the aliaspharmlabaddress and returned the file to its place , remembering to re - lock the file cabinet .
chapter 9 carol was planted on what had become her permanent place in the house.when she was nt at work in her new subservient role , she was on the couch in front of the tv.it had become her hiding place.she had been off the medication for three days and was indescribably exhausted.the first night had been of no consequence.she had awakened numerous times throughout the night and felt tired the next day , but she was used to that pattern.the following two nights , she had been up more than asleep , and when she did sleep , it had been very light and fitful.carol was familiar with insomnia and with the feeling of exhaustion as a result.but the fatigue she felt now was unlike anything she had ever experienced before.it was as if her arms and legs were useless.she felt weak and unable to lift herself off the couch.the only time in her life when she had been this weak was during an illness , and she was nt sick .
everything is in place , '' jeff stated .
julio waved bahkti toward the booth and headed back to his place behind the bar .
jacqueline slowly shut the door and then slid the bolt into place , the whole time keeping her eyes on the shuffling figure of her mother going now into the kitchen .
they once again took up places opposite each other , this time a few feet down the hall , on either side of the door labeled stairs .
felts frowned , and sanyo finally saw concern fall into place on his face .
cassidy returned to her place in the doorway quickly with the discarded flash drives in separate evidence bags and three sets of latex gloves .
enough time to get a new sniper in place ? ''
if a shooting occurs near the wall street bull , you 'll know there was enough time to get a shooter in place . ''
i edged myself as far away as possible without losing my place in line .
i nudged my way in amongst the naked bodies and held my place .
i was about to return to my place when my bowels rumbled then roared .
i stepped over the others , slightly relieved and returned to my place .
he pulled the tv from its place and pushed it to the floor .
we need you to keep an eye on the guards while we get in place .
were in place .
if we took him out , were confident he d have a contingency plan in place that would ensure the csas survival .
it appeared organized and clean , nothing out of place .
he cut the engine on the chainsaw and returned it to its resting place inside the truck .
a cold gust of wind breezed past us , lifting the back of shane 's jacket along and blowing his tie out of place .
we went in and looked around , but nothing looked out of place other than your sister 's purse and cell phone .
the bed was made , and alex could n't find anything out of place .
` ` but that was mark ... , '' alex started , but by then the pieces started clicking into place .
when i got home , nothing was out of place except what the police had disturbed , and nothing of any value was missing .
danny drew a humorous and poignant mental picture of edwin raines carefully fitting the wig in place over his nearly - bald scalp .
caulder had returned to her place at the end of the sofa , hugging her legs in front of her , resting her chin on one knee .
they stand as dewitt waddles in and takes her place behind her desk .
time : 3:00 pm university president alec , several administrative flunkies , a few big donors and some local politicians proceed out from the palladian portico of bander , up the short flight of stairs and take their places in front of the prop people on the platform where munson will soon speak .
unseen network controllers in omaha instruct switching tracks ahead to slam into place and a cascade of westbound signal towers turn green .
she rubbed her eyes and then grabbed the phone from its place on her bedside table .
i caught a glimpse when they were tying me up and the hood was out of place .
it seemed out of place amongst the surrounding dusty artifacts .
a pang of guilt struck her as she lifted the articles from their resting place .
everything was as she had left it , not a thing out of place .
an hour later , with the boat safely docked in its original place , the two women made their way toward the crooked shack .
ludwig , the woman spoke from her place in the corner , you swore an oath , and i will not allow you to go back on your word .
nothing was turned over , and nothing was out of place .
xavier took his rightful place at the head of the pack , the warden struggling to match his purposeful stride .
they are moving into place and await further instructions as you and i speak , sir .
we are running around two minutes behind schedule even with the distractions set in place .
she placed the yellow rose on an empty space on the table inches in front of the camera and then takes her place next to a shaken thomas who takes an involuntarily step back from her positioning .
julian finally found his place , directly in front of xavier prince .
serena never moved from her seated place on the tile , while she watched the room fill with uniformed officers .
so many have sacrificed so much for us to be where we are right now , here in our rightful place , leading others .
as you said , the shed was locked , nothing was out of place .
the bed was immaculately made , just as she had left it ; everything was in its right place .
six years and we have everything in place .
but once you ' ve got the structure in place ... ... .. '' jan opened his arms .
usually , she stays inside , cleaning and rearranging , though careful not to move things that elaine may have put in place .
desus , he says and dives for the doll , then takes his place on the hump again .
no doubt stabby would have got the neighbours attention with all the commotion coming from the property this morning as it is definitely out of place , so i do nt want to be hanging around too much longer .
he was grimly content as he considered the plan he had put in place and how soon victory would come now that he had leverage .
the sky receded like a scroll , rolling up , and every mountain and island was removed from its place .
he could see jareds team moving into place near the front of the castle , ready to draw attention from the side group .
there was a clunking sound as if ancient gears were clicking into place .
she gasped out a yes and felt him shift , then cold metal clicked into place around her wrist and the leg of the couch .
it was dark and cool inside ; a dim light outlined boxes , paintings and scrolls all in numbered places around the walls .
she bent and gently laid the case of stones down in their allotted place , as if saying goodbye .
she gestures for their guests to have a seat in the living room and returns to her place on the couch .
she prepared supper while jane was taking a bath ; they meet at the living room everything in place you have gained a kilo , jane why ?
more chance of some tradesman or cold caller or whoever dropping in unannounced and spotting something disturbing from their place at the gate .
there they took a place where they could , some sitting on the grass , some up against the back fence , hands wrapped around the bars like prisoners yearning for freedom , and some leaning against the house .
then , he pivoted the shower into place and latched it securely .
finally , he slid the shower into place and latched it properly .
finally , albert pivoted the shower into place and locked the upper and lower latches .
all his tools were organized and in their proper places , right where he needed them .
the billionaire grabbed the tool he had originally tasked his own butler to get for him from its place in a tub .
yes , we did , agent marcello deflected , however we have a few redundancies which must be put into place in order to insure truthful compliancy on your part when you make the call .
malach rolled his chair closer to the source before his hand deftly reached out to snare the device from its resting place .
next to it he saw a jack and a tire iron neatly tucked into their respective places .
nell found a place in the circle for will and callie , and she and dan sat on the bench .
she lifted her gloves off the chair and put them together and laid them over the back of the chair , over the slicker , and picked up the briefcase and laid it in their place and unsnapped it .
that jar on the table , she explained looking at me suspiciously , its in the usual place .
whenever i sink into my old drinking habits , i would feel a sense of remorse overcoming my being , and to recompense for the offense i knew i did , i would throw the bottle on the wall wishing that the shards of glass would redound strongly and pierce me in several places across my body .
it would have been in the same place on his arm .
on top of the table , almost out of place , sat an enormous vase filled with dozens of white lilies .
she turned slowly and smiled back at them , at their places on the iconostasis before the altar , on the walls , and on stands around her .
he was looking at sarah , restored to her proper place on the north wall .
the tigers about a football field away and watches the soldiers advance from its hiding place behind a tree .
he walked on to take his place sat beside the mayor at the centre of the stage , while his shock - troopers followed to form a standing line behind them along the back of the thin raised area .
he looked around the room , searching for something different , some stone out of place or unusual holes or slots , but that did not seem right either .
he sticks his hand inside the handle , lifts his briefcase from the desk , turns , and walks through the swinging door of the banister , where he takes his place in line behind the last of the gallery .
i took her place in front of the window .
the coffin 's in place .
he probably had to scramble to get everything in place in that short a time . ''
then i noticed a roughly folded slip of paper , out of place among the other neatly arranged make - up cases .
what i noticed next seemed completely out of place .
it would interrupt everything that was set in place .
he merely instructed the immortals to be in place outside the stadium at a certain time and to trust him .
the sacred top hat was in its usual place .
` ` right , '' she said after listening without asking one question , ` ` full surveillance will be in place within the hour . ''
jackson remained in place slowly moving towards the front of the audi to shield himself from his sight .
he quickly turned his head seeing the motel housekeeper enter and place and order to go .
jackson stayed in place for a half - hour or so waiting for the officers to leave , but it did nt seem like anything was happening they were just remaining in place .
jackson stayed in place for a half - hour or so waiting for the officers to leave , but it did nt seem like anything was happening they were just remaining in place .
jackson started to get up , but braymond lowered the gun aiming it directly at his head , so he remained in place .
when she reached twenty twirls she stopped and put her burned hand on the table , always in the same place .
square cut diamond earrings winked brilliantly as she moved and settled and still could n't seem to find a comfortable place next to kip .
i d never seen her have a hair out of place , even after having slept in that laundry room after the murder .
i took my place near the furnace and spent the day shoveling coal .
the saucepan fireplace ringed by stones is still in its usual place in the centre , about 30 centimetres from the thick tree trunk .
huge gaping mouths -twisting and turning to rip off the flesh and satiate a mad blood rush ; four sharks at first , and then more joined the feeding frenzy , until the whale looked like a sow giving sustenance to her 13 piglets , all squirming and squeezing for a place at the best teat .
the engine roared as the hydraulics pushed east lansing 's trash to its final resting place , then sputtered and stopped when the load jammed in the hopper .
he reluctantly climbed out and watched her take his place behind the wheel .
his expensive sports coat and slacks were out of place in the dirty , disorganized room .
to them , it would nt be out of place , it would be logical protection of ones livelihood .
in a hurry , he slid the stone back into place and kicked the rug back over it .
leo , everythings in place .
everything has been moved and placed back in its original place .
the pair would have discovered her disappearance by now and the logical place for her to be would be in the trees .
maggie wants everything in its place before the start of the evening .
alex buys drinks all round , including a half for ken , and then decides that orange juice is out of place .
his methodical efforts did not include returning anything to its proper place .
he probably could have put 172 in place without the assembly approval . ''
satisfied that his body had been emptied of foreign objects , he pulled his clothing back into their proper places .
once they started going up the hole , the progress would be slow , but tanya and eugene , as well as a couple more of isaac 's men , took care of herding them to proper places in the rooms .
ill be able to put those rocks back in place myself .
when i got there , i went onto the platform to see if i could see anything , but nothing appeared out of place , so i said to myself that i must have imagined it .
one hair being out of place , or button missing off the jacket could be the deciding factor for someone to hire or not hire you as their attorney , '' elijah said as he sat down behind his desk .
all we do is have our supplier place some cocaine and heroin into a select number of boxes , usually equaling a tenth of the boxes coming on the shipment .
he would never move furniture around , for instance , always careful to restore everything to its proper place .
the taller one gets up , turns on the lights above the twin beds , and returns to his place .
boricio had left precisely one body in the bathtub with all its limbs in place .
he 's fat and happy , '' gerry called from his place beside the large oven .
she looked over her shoulder at him from her place beside the curb .
she let it ring and held her place on the couch .
random thoughts turned in her head as she merely held her place and let skyler patch her back up .
there was no protest from skyler as he held his place and watched her fumble around to the other side of the bed and lay on her belly .
` ` you 're wasting your time , '' morgan growled from his place in the kitchen .
madison held her place in the kitchen and watched the games begin .
she held her place in the kitchen and wondered what was going on .
skyler held his place within the enclosure as he checked the hallway ahead .
getting down on her hands and knees , she was able to get a better grip on him and managed to get him to a more ideal place on the wall .
dwindling daylight was slowly replaced by the mellow glow of the kitchen 's lighting as she held her place .
* * * my shower was spent one minute cringing , shivering in pain beneath the fists of hot water , one minute stepping out around to verify the barricade at the front door was in place .
she coughed , very softly , tucked her chair to place , set a certain book on top of her notebook and moved off .
i flicked my index finger to my chin , ticking it there with each bit of the sequence i started getting to place .
i tried not to blink , not to lose sight , even for an instant , of the last spot i d seen him in , could rather make out a difference to the air , there , while the sound of the door latching , bolting , chain to place clacked quite clear in the empty hall .
a moment or two later , i was at the toilet , fast to place , vomiting thoughtlessly , intense pain up my neck , pressure at the sides of my head .
he d be looking down at it , wondering if my bolt was to place , my chain , even as i wondered that , unable to remember , slinking into my bedroom , closing the door most of the way , face creaked into what i d left open .
professor twitched his feet nervously from one place to another on the floor near his chair .
leah was the first to speak , but what she said was surprisingly on - task considering they could finally see the resting place of the rest of the sun stones .
of thomas , or that man who had taken his place in front of the vehicle ?
robert found his place at the bow and sat quietly , staring at a small island just off the coast , watching it grow in size with each stroke .
we had a change of plans , i m glad to see you re finished early , is everything in place ?
they were crumbled in some areas but most of them still stood in place .
the filthy water did nt help in trying to figure out what was natural and what was place by men .
calmly , he reached out for the other light but stumbled and knocked it from its place .
he ducked underneath and looked to see if anything was out of place .
he always believed that things start falling into place when you get to a location .
there s only one thing i have nt found a place for , she said pointing to a stack of new solar lanterns rock had used for the first time on the trip to costa rica .
you and those before you were the safeguard put into place , i thought as much a couple of days after i met you .
anna heard multiple weapons click into place .
rock motioned to a place against the wall .
step 4 : skin - once the basic framework of the building is in place , it is then a simple task to hang the curtain walls to the outside of the structure .
and you intend to fix it in place yourself ?
the mysterious plaque that appeared on the monument at the roof of the building and which led police to the conclusion that mr . wendelson had taken his own life , pak had arranged to be fixed in place prior to inauguration , most likely by a member of the construction team working on the building , quite probably by the luckless kim dong - moon .
realising the futility of continued argument , drisdale returned to his place next to bob cleeves , and rebuckled his belt , without further comment .
danny place the crumpled bills he had on the bar .
beth tried to hide her arms , but there was no place to put them .
it took most of the day for him to sort through everything , find a place for it in their production line and test the equipment to make sure it was working .
there were three big packages and steve and jay struggled to get them into place and uncrate them .
the team met in the war room and robert let them know that everything was going dark tomorrow , once everyone was in place in d.c . and cleveland .
around him the street and the houses looked no different than they had the previous day , but there was an intangible sense of aftermath , that some titanic event had taken place and been survived .
the men took their places in the ring , awkwardly climbing through the ropes , and then giving little energetic bursts once on the other side , as if to cover their lack of professionalism ; neither of them looked fit enough for this kind of caper .
mark my coiffure , how every strand has its place and dares not stray .
the pot with the young orchid took their place on the windowsill .
i let go of the door handle and returned to my place in front of his desk .
the couple remained in place with their backs turned , oblivious to robert .
the avenues she needed for expatriating and repatriating the money were already in place .
the hiding block for the key was out of place so he bent over to straighten it just as gail opened the front door .
if it collapsed while he or clark was inside then there would be no worries about putting things back in place .
these are matts books for the company , records and stuff , and there s nothing out of place far as i can tell .
everything in its place and a place for everything or was it the other way around ?
something appeared out of place .
alexandra paused for effect and glanced up demurely from her hiding place beneath the hat .
with everything in place , the seamstress eased her body into the dress .
conveniently , her place at one of the many cast iron tables allowed a view near the oval office windows .
` ` a painted house '' when we gathered at the trailer , i greeted miguel as his gang emerged from the barn and took their places on one side of the trailer .
before us was the window , and from our hiding place we were closer to the action than the rest of the latchers and my father .
when he was convinced the money was in place , he stepped into the ring , where the great samson stood with his massive arms folded over his chest .
she sat on the edge of the porch in the same place cowboy had occupied the day he had shown me his switchblade .
when the ninety - fourth card was in place , jake stood back and studied them .
clanton returned to normal monday morning as the barricades were put in place around the square and the ranks of the soldiers swelled to preserve the public peace .
a heavy deadbolt slid into place .
it was a long shot that the path of illumination would be intact after all of these years , with all of its statues in place , but part of langdon had fantasized about following the path all the way to the end and coming face to face with the sacred illuminati lair .
turning now and scanning the living room , sophie 's eyes fell to the only object in the entire house that seemed out of place - her grandfather 's favorite antique , a sprawling aubusson tapestry .
to the left of the door , looking entirely out of place , hung a bulletin board covered with concert schedules and religious service announcements .
when rachel glanced up at the newcomer , her feet froze in place .
once the anomaly was in place , all that remained was to wait for the polar orbiting density scanner ( pods ) satellite to launch .
everything looked in place .
naturally we knew all about the bomber base , and we had countermeasures in place , which included big missile bases in alaska , here , and then a chain of four small surface - to - air facilities strung out north to south all the way underneath anadyr 's flight path into utah , which are here , here , here and here , straddling the line between montana and the idaho panhandle . ''
` ` i need to move the hostage rescue team into place right now ? ''
she crawled across in front of mcgrath and reacher eased into her place .
what with the dark and that big blue spot hangin in the middle of things , everythin looked off - kilter and out of place .
the rock was still layin in the same place , between his spread legs .
ellie was busy pulling the stirrups down into place , walking right under the mare 's belly from one side to the other .
reacher took a place right behind him .
when the tree was in place , the hood and trunk were already accumulating dead pine needles , lots of them .
he 'd be forced to stand while he grappled with his snowman and attached him to the front of the chimney , and once in place , illuminated with the two - hundred - watt , old frosty would join his forty - one companions and all of hemlock would know that luther had caved .
rick asked as the linemen settled into place .
it looked out of place .
gregory and the five other soldiers were still in their places , still quiet and pensive .
he took jade 's latest drawings off the kitchen table and piled them on a chair and spread out the map in their place .
we have a witness who saw it in place at least an hour before .
it was sitting there on a square of butcher paper , looking large and odd and out of place .
cash dropped down in his place and used the scope to check the result .
bond took his usual place across the desk from m. 's tall - armed chair .
she pushed the boat down the pebbles into the water and waited , at her usual place in the stern , for him to get in and for his knees to clasp hers as they always did .
james bond took his usual place across the desk from m. a storm of memories whirled through his consciousness like badly cut film on a projector that had gone crazy .
she was sitting in her usual place , typing away at the usual routine correspondence .
he slipped the message back into its place under ` ` s '' and walked over to the aeronaves de mexico booth and cancelled his reservation .
bond noisily locked it and took up his place again .
the target disappeared below ground , and at once the dummy came up in its place .
bond verified that the wedges were in place under the doors .
experiments have been made with this instrument in the customs hall of the international airport at idlewild with the following results ... ' bond skipped two pages containing details of a number of petty smuggling cases and studied the ' summary of conclusions ' from which he deduced , with some irritation , that he would have to think of some place other than his armpit for carrying his .25 beretta the next time he travelled abroad .
does n't drink or smoke , '' he explained to bond , returning to his place by the mantelpiece .
` ` the new warhead is hoisted into place .
he kept his place with a finger and looked briefly up .
bond felt the heavy barrel of the gun slip into place along his right shoulder .
he picked up his ambler and found his place and tried to read .
by the window , captain nash sat in his place , his book open on his lap , a flicker of moonlight from the edge of the blind showing white on the double page .
with extra care he put his weapons back in their places and painfully began to drag himself on into the blackness .
von hammerstein took up his place on the grass verge , a champagne bottle swinging in each hand .
get down quickly to ten feet and take your place in the formation .
calmly , sato rotated the pyramid in place , turning it a full 180 degrees .
it looked a little out of place .
first minor one is that i ' m going to blow the back window out of the van but the kid will have about ten minutes to realize the broken glass is in the wrong place and there is n't a corresponding hole in the windshield . ''
so i just held the hammer and waited politely until villanueva had the lid in place over the fat yellow missile tube .
walked north three hundred yards and came on his place from the rear .
one of the guys got out , patting his process neatly into place , and jawed with a cop .
a place for everything , and everything in its place .
she could hear it hovering in place somewhere below the tree line ... apparently having located something of interest .
vayentha spun in place , swinging her weapon 180 degrees toward her attacker , and a flash of blond hair glinted in the darkness as someone collided with vayentha at full speed .
used plenty of glue and smoothed the other label into place on his brow .
lamarr leaned across and pulled the sheaf of papers back from deerfield 's place at the table .
turned off the power to the door opener , slid the bolts into place , checked the car was locked , turned off the light .
when elizabeth had finished reading the book for perhaps the fifth time , she quietly returned it to its place in the glass case .
you will find it in place du mont blanc .
the last chess piece fell into place by accident .
jackson checked to make sure that the hammer and nails were in place and ready .
he watched her place the replica in a paper bag and put the receipt inside .
when the suitcases were emptied and everything had been put in place , diane took off her shoes and dress and gratefully sank down on one of the beds .
he would take his place next to the emergency alarm until all the other employees were inside , then lock the door behind them .
grangier 's eye was caught by something oddly out of place .
all the paintings were in place .
every painting is in its proper place .
he watched now as the pallet moved along the tracks into the plane and was locked into place .
moments later the cargo was aboard , and the nose of the plane was lowered into place .
` ` all the pieces have fallen into place , '' inspector van duren was saying .
the following evening harry lantz returned to the pilar at eleven o'clock and took a place at the bar , watching the room gradually fill up .
` ` this morning they put the underground piping in place .
the windows and doors were in place , and the exterior walls were set .
they led her into the dining room , where a table had been festively set , with a bottle of champagne at margaret 's place .
the two policemen took up places on either side of the door and yanked it open .
everything is in place . ''
but the blood - stained rug had been removed and everything else had been put back in place .
mcgreavy wanted vengeance and he wanted it so badly that he would make sure that every last bit of evidence was in place .
they billow out , but he quickly moves a table into place to anchor them .
linoge never budges from his place on the bunk , but now mike is on the floor , face down .
during the night , wes had somehow managed to gain the sofa , a much softer resting place , and when he awoke before daylight , mack was wedged tightly by his side .
and , more important , he wanted everyone in place when he arrived - the old tellers on the main floor , the cute secretaries on the second , and the vice somethings , his rivals , on the third floor .
six months after the trylon - bartin dispute went public with the filing of the lawsuit , the battleground had been defined and the troops were in place .
the features properly in place , the teeth straight , the ears flat against the head - nothing out of balance , everything in position and just a little bit soft . '
in the blackout , bourne pulled the woman from the wall , spun her in her place , his face against hers .
jason held his place in front of a sporting goods shop , then followed as the banker continued down the block .
bourne shouted , lunging up from the chair , holding his place , staring down at her .
he stared at the numbers , memorizing them , then moved the telephone back into place , and stepped away .
instead , she held her place and forced him to look at her .
villiers was manoeuvring his car into place .
walk away from it untouched , with everything you ' ve got in place ! '
yours is in place but you ca n't see it , you do n't know where it is .
he had walked the pavements , seen the doorways and the shopfronts and the walls covered with ivy -so out of place in the city , yet so right for this street .
not later - not when the chess pieces were in place - but right now !
marie leaned forward in the back seat of the armour - plated government car , the binoculars in place .
he 's moving very quietly , putting people in place , setting things up .
he was entering late , with no groundwork in place , no grass roots , no local support of any kind .
everything seems to be in place . ''
we had- two cars in place when he jumped in a cab .
the money was in place .
for example , buster moac was in the chair with half the straps in place when the phone rang in the chamber room .
adam took his place on the edge of the desk and read the sports section of the memphis paper .
goodman had everyone in place .
the pieces were falling majestically into place , and victor mattiece could smell a billion dollars .
` ` is everything else in place ? ''
the ceiling would not have been out of place inside st . paul 's cathedral .
he heard mccollum 's knife again snap into place , then the scraping of metal on metal .
the bed had been moved , yanked out of place , all the covers pulled off .
nothing appeared to be in place .
in the bedroom , the mattress was against a wall and nothing was in place .
the open casket was in place in front of the altar so that everyone could see juanita 's gaunt profile .
the gurney enters and is wheeled into place .
the coffin was hauled into place by the pallbearers , a group that included bruce leba and dennis fritz .
` ` is our team in place ? ''
a three - point blockage would have been standard procedure : at either end of the block , a unit would have been in place before the van had pulled up opposite .
he dived into the low - draping branches of one of the great eastern hemlocks , and counting on the temporary invisibility conferred by his hiding place , he examined the metal projectile .
their place was specified precisely on their shoulder board .
they had observed ambler leaving the backpack in place and , intent on learning why , had dispatched someone to retrieve it .
he had not thought to carry a weapon thought hell , there was no place under the tight - fitting fabric of the uniform to wear one !
engines were cut a hundred or so feet from the dock , the river tides gently ushering the boats toward their slips , where a two - man crew caught the thrown ropes and pulled them silently into their resting places .
everything is in place within two hundred kilometers of the targets , our specialists on the scene .
the front windows were unusually high , and below there was a door that seemed out of place .
everything 's in place . ''
` ` helmut is in place , no ? ''
there was a sudden sound , a harshmetallic snap , then another , and another thetumblers of a lock falling out of place , a knob beingturned .
fitzpatrick looked at joel , as they strolledtoward a break in the stone wall where a bronzedcannon was in place .
two hours plus three hours totaled five hours.more than enough time for the killer puppets to be putin place .
more than enough time to put thepuppets in place .
joel held his place in front of the navy lawyer.he answered the younger man , his voice quiet , hislook angry .
tell himthat flag 's got to remain in place because you havereason to believe i was connected with yourbrother - in - law 's murder .
we 're on hold , and as long as it 's hold , the flag 's in place .
the chauffeur was on his way with abreakfast no prisoner in isolation should expect.joel climbed off the chair and quickly carried itback to the table , setting it in place and going to hiscot .
heraised it and stood in place , his legs and feet lockedto the floor .
he had toget everything in place and build his brief quickly , buthe could do it .
converse had no ideawhat the man was saying , but the scene appearedstrangely out of place .
in a matter ofdays or at best a week or two there would beeruptions of violence everywhere like what wastaking place in northern ireland right now .
` ` but a couple of otherthings have fallen into place .
the tactic had gained her a fewforward places in the taxi line , but the line was stilllong .
we have to move fast.are the units in place ? ''
twelve units in place , alltrained , prepared .
if nothing else , confusion had to beestablished as the players moved into place withoutbeing seen .
the others looked up at him from their places at the mess table .
snapping on a pair of latex gloves , he pulled the sandw from its place at the small of her back .
at last his men were in place , the charges set .
bourne now turned on the balls of his feet , dropping one shoulder as he did so , so that the other was obliged to focus his attention on keeping the bar in place .
bourne went through the hole in the wall , helped annaka slide the square of bricks back into place .
he heard the small noises as he moved the piano bench back into place , heard his own footfalls across the polished wooden floor as he went over to the sofa , where a pillow and down comforter lay .
from the dawn of time , the issue of security had been of paramount importance to warriors and monastics alike , hence the monastery 's place atop the mountain .
the old persian carpet was still on the plank floor , still in desperate need of cleaning , and the huge , thronelike high - backed armchair still sat in its place of honor facing the desk .
and so on this morning of the start of the summit , the flags of the united states , russia and the four most influential islamic nations rip - pled and cracked in the biting wind , the front of the dais had been draped with the carefully fought - over logo of the summit , armored security was in place around the perimeter , snipers placed high up at every possible strategic sight line .
el - arian wanted to make certain that every detail he had worked out for their strategy was understood and in place .
you 're the perfect candidate to put nonconventional measures into place . ''
from his vantage point on the roof of the forrestal building on independence avenue , bourne tracked his high - powered night - vision glasses from soraya as she moved toward the dci , past clots of tourists hurrying about , to the agents in place around the west end of the mall .
he held them upright , returning them to their place beside their mother , who smiled her thanks at him , put a protecting arm around their narrow shoulders .
the old man had contingencies in place should he be killed , but you know this better than i do , counselor , do n't you ? ''
the specialist then proceeded to insert the photos in place and under a large , powerful magnifying glass skillfully stamped out the original state department perforations with a tool of his own design .
jason bourne spun , dislodging his attacker 's arm from around his shoulder , clamping it under his own and twisting it further in place , forcing the man down and smashing the attache case up into the oriental 's face .
it was 9 : 15 ; the taipan 's patrols would be moving into place .
the laughter of racing children peeled across the gardens , and the major held his place by the entrance gate .
the preparations were almost complete , all the security forces in place , the media equipment in working order .
bus number 7421 rolled lethargically into place at the end of the line of vehicles disgorging tourists .
the garrotte was arced in place , the trachea severed as the patrol fell back in the underbrush , his body limp , his life over .
if somehow , god knows how , your delta comes out with the merchandise and his wife is n't in place , he 'll kill the one connection we must have !
everything was in place for him ; he was respectability itself .
he pressed the adhesive side of the packet against the wall ; he had pre - set the small digital timer in the soft centre of the explosive for seven minutes , the number chosen both for luck and to give him time to get the killer and himself in place several hundred feet away .
the rifle chamber ran out of shells ; he threw it down , swinging the murderous machine pistol into place , and started his last race towards the broken wall , spraying the prone contingent of marines .
the players were in place around the table .
the strategy 's in place , a strategy so oblique and devious , so long in the making , they believe it ca n't fail .
it was a long- range plan , its roots in zealotry and revenge ... ' webb listened as the incredible story of sheng chou yang unfolded , each block in place , each fact convincingly the truth for there was no reason any longer for lies .
' feed him the critical information first and the cover falls in place because he 's stunned , preoccupied , and accepts the printed official version , in particular the photograph in the newspapers . '
the three officers spun around in place on the ground , their machine guns erupting , bullets spraying the space from which the voice had come .
he puts his creations in place , and for his own amusement watches them blow themselves up .
` but in the meantime we do our jobs and # 65533 ; keep , the pieces in place , stop the world from destroying itself .
he did not wish to be in this place at this hour , and he could not imagine what catastrophic event had taken place that forced him to be there .
he had done so , and within thirty - five minutes after his call to the caymans , the olive- skinned , perpetually smiling monsieur tabouri confirmed that his funds were in place .
this was to take place between 12:30 and one o'clock in the morning .
jason held his place at the edge of the building , his body pressed against the stone , the sweat pouring from his hairline and his neck , his eyes on the incomprehensible scene being played out on the lefebvre .
within minutes an ecstatic cabdriver accepted a hundred francs to remain in place at the end of the three - vehicle line , his passenger slumped in the rear seat waiting to hear the words .
` ` you 're in place , comrade ? ''
` ` very well , '' said sulikov , holding his place by the mantel and gazing down at the nervous ogilvie .
... good - bye , comrade monseigneur , '' said the attorney for the ministry of legal procedures , scraping his chair in place and starting for the door .
he could hear conklin 's muffled voice telling the steward to enter ; and as the young man opened the door , shoving the table inside , jason calmly inserted his weapon into its concealed place .
` ` the lobby is cleared and our assault squad is in place ! ''
` ` and the plan is in place ? ''
marco resumed his place on the stool .
the suit was out of place .
finally , francesca came limping back with a small bottle of san pellegrino and took her place on the sofa .
after the others were seated , bauer took his place behind his desk .
since this was the six - month anniversary of his mother 's death , it would have seemed out of place if he had n't gone to visit her grave .
` ` and i will expect to hear from you when the cordon is in place , colonel . ''
at 2:45 a.m. , using a satellite relay , kravchenko informed his president that the noose was in place .
he 'd returned the next day to cover it all with gravel and put the boat in place .
he closed the door silently , ran to the second car , and saw that its keys were also in place .
i picked up all seven pins and put them back in place .
i took her place behind the desk .
she demanded , grabbing the manual and placing it back in its place .
once you have all the records , your conspiracy theory will fall in place and you can indict everyone . ''
his eyes were swollen and red , and his hair was not in place .
' you just pointed out all the details that had to be put in place .
as the boat was expertly manoeuvred into its tyre - protected resting place , lines were thrown fore and aft , the stern line whipped over by the mafioso , the weapon in his left hand , the bow line by the lone crewman .
the sparse furniture of dark burnished wood was in place like ancient statues of ferocious soldiers guarding the inner tomb of a great pharaoh ; the outsized desk recalled the sarcophagus of a dead revered ruler .
the liberty foundation had a low - profile regional office in rangoon , and so was able to move advance men in place to ensure that the rendezvous sites were in order .
and now they were in place - in the middle of the stone palace courtyard .
unless an ambush had been laid : the visible guards in one place , the valuables in another , and a further set of guards in wait .
with such exhaustive preparation , there must have been flanking gunmen in place , covering different wings of the house , different exposures .
sixty - three knox laid down a few rounds , trying to flush wyatt from his hiding place on the far wall .
there were stories about the guv , a close personal friend who was putting his machine in place to run for the senate and of course he wanted bennett in the middle of things .
noland took his place behind his desk , where an impressive stack of paperwork was waiting .
i found colder beer in the kitchen and we settled into our places as if we might talk until sunrise .
in the distance , something caught his eye ; it seemed out of place .
bray went to the door and pushed the bolt into place .
below in the great hall , the four guests were in shock , frozen to their chairs , the padrone holding them in their places by the stren , ath of his qlaring eyes .
his cannons were in place , his nuclear bomb in its rack .
a long table was in the center of the huge room , place cards in front of the seven chairs , four on the right , three on the left , no one closer than five feet from another guest .
the machinery was in place , matarese branches throughout europe and america , money and , even more important , confidential information flowing back and forth weekly , if not daily .
` ` we 'll see what scoots in , '' replied scofield , his rocket launcher in place between the rocks .
` ` so , going back to your statement a few moments ago , '' interrupted shields , ` ` when you said that the trawler was ' tracked and mapped , '' you were really saying the harrier was already in place . ''
` ` my troops are in place .
absent were the delicate crystal bowls of caviar ; in their places were small notepads with silver ballpoint pens beside them .
there were green tinted screens everywhere , replete with dials and digital readouts , and work places for ten operatives , men and women , all expert in covert communications .
the final piece of the maddening puzzle was in place .
the sophisticated high - altitude camera was in place , clamped to the floor of the fuselage , the opening part of the bristol freighter 's multipurpose design .
onehellip ; twohellip ; and he stepped back and allowed the rug to drop into place .
they ' ve also put us out of business , since we 're scrambling to put alternate programs into place .
in the center stood a stainless - steel glass case , out of place with the room 's antiquity .
it was neat , with no books open or files out of place .
at 11:05 , his secretary informs him through the intercom on his desk , ` ` they are in place . ''
when everything is in place , we plunge into the afternoon session .
i ' ve loaded up the good stuff and put everything back in its place .
drummond , hands frozen in place , mouth open , glares at his honor .
robin , the friend , cracks the door with the chain in place , and i have to identify myself sufficiently before i ' m admitted .
robin returns to her place next to kelly and hands me the card .
fitch took his customary place in the front seat .
two twenty - inch monitors were rolled into place before the jury , and a series of six others were situated around the courtroom .
they remained standing until all twelve were in place , then they looked at the wall to his left , behind the witness stand , and they covered their hearts with their hands .
during a short recess , the video monitors were once again rolled into place .
already there 's no place for the horses to stand .
it was grotesquely out of place .
it was out of place in an immaculate suite .
no particular reason other than the fact that it seemed out of place - unattractive - and it contained the name of a city canfield recalled was on ulster scarlett 's european itinerary .
matthew canfield lurched from the wall , then held his place .
he took his place at the head of the table and looked around at the others .
at another station , the tech rolled sticky black ink onto a glass plate and had ben place each hand flat onto it .
however remote the possibility that watchers were in place , rudimentary precautions would have to be taken .
the door closed behind him , the three muffled clicks verifying that the bolts had electronically slid into place .
but if we leave now , the chances are good that they 're not going to have photographs in place , and they 're not looking for mr . and mrs . freedman .
i removed each file from my cabinets , waved them under gasko 's nose , and returned them to their place .
not a single item was out of place , and nothing of hers had been left behind .
the clerk found us and led us back to the courtroom , where all players were in place .
then he tidied up the study , moved the sofa back in place , and went from room to room looking for more cabinets .
when the pieces were in place , palmer slowly stretched out his arms , then lowered them , and the crowd sat .
` ` your terms are reasonable , '' he said , returning to his place behind the bar .
no ramp was in place , nor was one necessary .
as the streetcar thundered down the road , metcalfe saw that one of the watchers , the one who had been peering into the plate - glass shoe store window , had not moved from his place .
hilliard had initiated the black - channel contact by means of a highest - priority coded telegram ; once the necessary links were in place , which required several minutes , an incoming call would be received .
it would have been far easier to do this standing before a mirror rather than seated on the closed lid of a toilet , but at least he had thought to bring a small shaving mirror to check that everything was in place .
if a cordon were in place , a trap or if metcalfe was simply wanted for questioning in connection with roger 's murder the clerk would have been instructed to reply differently .
he heard , felt the magazine slide into place , ready to fire .
` ` are the funds in place ? ''
everything was now in place .
two heavy iron rings protruded from the top , which apparently was how the massive stones had been initially lowered into place .
malone 's mind starting clicking the final pieces into place .
tony came back around the desk and took his place on the sofa .
she locked up again and dropped an old hinged bar into place , right across the whole doorway .
the slow fall of his body put the three bullets all in different places .
the forward man and the rear man worked together to slide the casket into place .
newman took his place behind his desk and rocked his hand from side to side , indicating a disparity .
below them the shoulder blades and the collarbones and the ribs were laid out in their correct places above the pelvis .
she patted the pillows into place while he smiled at her .
jodie crawled to her hands and knees and pulled herself up on the furniture and staggered all the way back to her place alongside curry .
the heavy engraved papers slid neatly into place .
above the extinguisher was a bright red cabinet with a red - painted ax clipped into place behind glass .
the two search teams met on the ninth floor at six o'clock , by which time temporary metal detectors were in place inside the lobby and at the ballroom door .
local eta was one o'clock and she wanted plans in place so she could sleep on the flight .
nearer the building , staff and agents were hauling long trestle tables into place .
the white tent was still in place across the sidewalk in front of armstrong 's house .
he got to his feet and packed up all eleven cartons and folded their flaps into place .
craned into place .
his nose was still very tender , and there were open cuts on it , and big pillowy swellings , but the chip of bone was back in the right place .
he put his back flat on the wall , on the hinge side of the door , and he put one foot on the opposite wall , at waist height , and he straightened his leg a little , and he clamped himself tight , and then he lifted his other foot into place , and he walked himself upward , palms and soles , until his head was bent against the stairwell ceiling and his butt was jammed four feet off the ground .
they noticed her the first sunday , they watched for her the second sunday , they had you in place for the third go - round . '
he returns the briefcase to its place by his chair , then opens the file ( it is marked st . pierre / irkenham rather than fisherman ) .
sometimes his supper will be gone when i check the next day i always leave it in the same place in the refrigerator , unless he tells me he wants to cook himself but half the time it 's still there and even when it 's gone i think that sometimes he just tips it down the garbage disposer . ''
` ` yep , '' henry agrees from his place in the passenger seat .
and in the little house on nailhouse row , beezer st . pierre swipes tears into his beard , gently moves the telephone a few inches back on the table , and turns to face bear girl , his common - law spouse , his old lady , amy 's mother , whose real name is susan osgood , and who is staring up at him from beneath her thick blond bangs , one finger holding her place in a book .
gunning his fat boy , he rolls forward and takes his place at the head of the line .
wendell green ace reporter , fearless investigator , explicator of good and evil to the great unwashed sits in his former place , holding the crumpled foolscap in one hand and the batteries in the other .
one hand was holding her place in the book .
everything in its place and a place for everything .
maybe one of the other tenants could vouch for my car being in its accustomed place , though that would n't be conclusive proof .
the dessert plates were out , everything else was ready , so while i waited for a triumphant phillip to return with his baseball , i idly looked at my shelves , putting a few books back in place that were out of order .
i knew nothing about antiques and cared less , but the table and chairs were gleaming under a light coating of dust , and , as i straightened the cushions and pushed the couch back to its place against the wall ( why would anyone move a couch when he broke into a house ?
jane had had it carpeted over , so no one would think of it as a container , but only as a feature of the room , a nice place to put a plant or some pretty pillows or a flower arrangement .
it would n't settle back into place very well , having been removed so inexpertly , but i did the best i could and then heaped the fancy pillows around the edges to conceal the damage .
i dashed up the stairs to my old room without thinking , then stood panting in the doorway trying to think of a good hiding place .
` ` every hair is in place , '' i told aubrey wonderingly as we walked over to his car parked in my driveway .
i walked up the little hill to jane 's headstone , already in place .
i 'd moved most of my kitchen things here myself and gotten them in place before the wedding , and martin 's household goods had been retrieved from storage before the wedding , too , but there was a box or two yet to unpack ; the essential things that i 'd kept at my apartment until the day of the wedding .
he said something to lynn ; i heard her reply , ` ` here , '' as she handed him his camera from her place on the ladder .
as two well - dressed extras took their places on the sidewalk facing away from the church door , i glanced up at robin to see him absorbed in the scene before me .
the couple resumed their place on the sidewalk .
robin stepped closer to help , and after the book was in place , he stayed right behind me ... in fact , so right behind me that he was sort of nudging me .
i turned on both of my ovens , yanked two pie plates out of the cabinet , and patted the piecrusts into place .
i watch them fix the paddles in place on his chest , yell out , and stand clear .
studying the clues , figuring out the right word to fit - the brief smile of satisfaction as he wrote the letters into place .
i watch it click into place in weber 's mind : suspicions becoming fact , with all the horror that truth contains .
ellingham stands in place between us , and we line up to watch the judge walk in .
` ` and who put these laws into place ? ''
a moment later , what little light filtered through the slats was blotted out as the rug and table were slid back into place .
with everyone aboard , vadim hopped onto the afterdeck and took his place behind the wheel .
the sutures had returned his ear to its proper place on his head and were due to come out now .
from his place in line , javier had a view through the storefront glass , saw the woman was no longer draped unconscious in the front passenger seat , but struggling to sit up .
took my place on the porch .
he scrambled down the bank to the edge of the stream and had started to cross over to test the soundness of their hiding place from the meadow .
i give her a tight smile as she brushes her hand over my head , putting some of my stray hairs into place .
after i adjust the shirt into place over the massive scar on my side , i get back into the driver 's seat .
to my surprise , sloane pushed past michael , wrapped dainty little hands around the barbell , and rocked back on her heels , angling it into place .
everything is in its place .
you see the exact moment that everything falls into place for the boy you trained .
i put my men to work and joined them building blockades , filling a cart with gunpowder in order to prepare a trap , until everything was in place and i found myself grinning , saying to ziio , ` ` i ca n't wait to see the look on braddock 's face when the trap is finally sprung . ''
he 'd traveled with only what he considered to be his essential gear , and he found , after double - checking , that everything he 'd brought with him was definitely in place .
on a signal from the men closer to ezio , the other soldiers came up with the barrel , which they proceeded to lodge in place against the door .
` ` my archers are in place .
altair looked over to where the massive sling - mounted catapults were being pulled into place by their crews .
they ate their breakfast in silence , sullenly submitting to the attentions of their governesses , then went to al mualim 's study and took their places on the floor .
aalia had told mukhlis so when he returned from market , and mukhlis had taken his usual place on a chair by the side of the bed to speak to his saviour in the hope of reviving him .
federico landed firmly , but his weight sent one or two of the red clay tiles slithering out of place and he almost lost his footing as the tiles slid down the roof and off the edge , shattering a few seconds later on the hard cobbles far below .
the bishop of florence , meanwhile , had taken his place before the high altar , and the mass began .
four tired pazzi crossbowmen had also taken up their places , one at each corner of the tower .
how many men had borgia set in place to ambush his own troop ?
the following day , as the sun was setting , ezio made sure he was in place near where dante would pass by on the way to the party .
they shouted out deli orders , lotto orders , scratch ticket orders , and orders for pall malls and chesterfields with a rabid indiscrimination as to their places in line .
he heard val place the cinder blocks and length of chain in huey 's boat , and then val came back with a large green trash bag .
folks had just begun to come out of their homes and stake out their places on the sidewalk .
teddy looked back through the archway , saw the patient dancing in place on his heels , punching the air with combinations .
as she grew older and took her place on the corner overlooking the blake yard , her group filling the place my group had abandoned ten years earlier , you 'd notice her sitting off to herself against a fence or porch post , drinking a wine cooler and looking out at the streets as if they seemed suddenly foreign to her .
he looked at my gun and even though i had n't raised it from its place down by my knee , he recoiled as if he 'd been slapped .
i felt a deep , uncompromising hatred for her as i watched her place her key in the door lock , because i knew the time and money jay had spent restoring that car , rebuilding the engine , searching nationwide for specific parts .
in place of missing child in the pop - up box , they 'd inserted the live feed , and a smaller gert broderick fondled her microphone and looked into the camera with a blank , vaguely confused look on her blank , vaguely confused face as helene continued to go ballistic on the porch and beatrice joined lionel and tried to hold her in place .
for the first time since we 'd come into their kitchen , beatrice and lionel moved from their places against the wall , beatrice over to the oven between broussard and me , lionel to a seat in the corner on the other side of the table from his sister .
karen nichols ` ` the next time i went to the gym , '' she said , ` ` i came back to my car , and he 'd put it back on my windshield in the same place i 'd left it on his .
she gave me a curious frown and pushed the chair aside , pulled another one out from the closest table and settled back into her original place .
whiteman was a few steps off third , but staying in place , arms out in either direction as luther drifted back toward the tree line , and ruth saw the ball appear from the same sky into which it had vanished and drop straight down past the trees into luther 's glove .
danny placed a hand to the little old woman 's back and she rocked in place , her feet swinging above the floor .
it had seemed out of place to danny as soon as he 'd entered .
he ripped sodden or scorched wood from their lathes and hammered fresh planks of oak in their places and covered it all with the slate he 'd salvaged .
what ripped the confi - dence from his limbs and his soul so completely that , as he watched ossie vitt ground out to short and went to take his place in the on - deck circle , he feared he might never get another hit the rest of the season .
there they were now , sure , all in their places like bugs in a rug , just as he 'd left them , they were .
the volunteer policeman and andrew peters both watched the man with the stick stand in place , bent over at the waist .
the coatrack clattered to the tile and one of the barbers jumped in place .
joe was spun in place and the cigarette fell from his lips when loomis gripped the back of his head and pushed his face into the wall .
joe first believed the savagery to be innate , the pointless dog - eat - dog viciousness of men killing each other over pride - in your place in line , in your right to continue walking to the yard on the path you 'd chosen , in not being jostled or elbowed or having the toe of your shoe scuffed .
she shot from the bed , and as she yanked her gown into place , she gave him a look of ... betrayal ?
she could only imagine - emma spotted kaderin behind lachlain , sword in place .
when nothing seemed out of place and no one leaped out at her , she turned out the light .
grimacing , he finished pulling his shirt into place , tucked it awkwardly into his jeans , ran his hands through his hair , and then shifted to his knees to peer cautiously over the counter .
dani closed her eyes as everything clicked into place in her head .
nicholas glanced to jo , noting her pale , unconscious face , but the jacket was still in place , held there by the seat belt and hiding the bloodstain on her chest .
turning , he found the young man had taken his place in the stall and picked up the rake .
the brunette took his place sitting on the edge of her bed , and smiled into eshe 's confused eyes as she asked , ` ` do you remember anything at all after you and armand had your picnic and then ... er ... napped in the shed ? ''
` ` which was a good thing since armand woke up right after anders got here and we got the ivs in place , '' bricker muttered .
every short strand was in place .
bricker muttered , reaching past him to return the knob he 'd twisted to its resting place .
` ` i wish , '' cale muttered , grimacing at her obvious amusement as he tugged his t - shirt into place .
the restaurant was finished , everything in its place , the new cooks in the kitchen working away and the dining room and bar area full of people mingling and partaking of her food and drink .
` ` hmm , '' harper muttered , taking her place at the cart when she danced out in front of it to lead the way .
her t - shirt and shorts were back in place over her swimsuit , her book lay flat on her stomach where it had apparently fallen when she 'd dozed off , and christian was reclining on the sand beside her chair .
cursing under his breath , he removed his hands from her br**sts , tugged her bra back into place and quickly shifted her , almost dumped her really , on the seat beside him .
valerie took her place at the end of the line and glanced around as she waited .
under the thin panel was a toolboard , a panel with rows of small holes in it where tools were clipped into place : screwdrivers , wrenches , hacksaws , hammers , mallets , tape ... ` ` take the saw , '' leigh advised , crawling up beside her .
i can see that you think you may only be on the way to loving him , but i can also see the veils and subterfuge you have put in place to protect yourself from admitting that you do love him .
sighing , he set the plug in place in the sink so it would fill with water and dumped some soap in , then caught the floating , blackened sandwiches and tossed those .
thomas took her place at the window , peering silently out as she made her selection .
claire listened , struggling to put all the pieces in place in her mind .
` ` you were telling me how everything is in place , just as we arranged . ''
shane bowed again , stepped back , and took his place at the edge of the floor , kneeling down .
eve popped her helmet back on and took her place on the strip .
` ` and then , to make sure i knew my place , he practically rammed his epee through my heart , but , you know , details .
six the ladder was still in place when she got home .
myrnin was standing stiffly in one place , hands behind him , just behind one of the lab tables .
cooing and talking to the horse to distract it , i wrangled the bit of metal between his big chomping teeth , quickly sliding the rest up and in place , but it was trent who dipped under his horse 's head to fasten the strap .
damn it , this was hard , and i exhaled when i finally got everything in place .
he 's got more security going into place than when the last presidential hopeful came through trying for the vamp vote . ''
grabbing the plastic frame , he maneuvered it into place with the ease of familiarity , snapping the tent upright .
` ` ' moses stretched out his hand over the sea , ' '' zeke said quietly , scanning the pages before him , ` ` ' and at daybreak the sea went back to its place .
after locking my door , i dragged the bulky dresser from its place against the wall and shoved it up against the frame .
after returning the dresser to its proper place , i followed the well - dressed human down the many hallways and up a flight of stairs before he paused outside a doorway and motioned me inside .
i watched him depart , steeled myself and then walked over to kanin , who had n't moved from his place in the corner .
` ` well , then , it looks like we ' ve got our market already in place . ''
a huge gilded china beer stein that played ' ich bin ein rattarsedschwein ' from the student horse was locked in a glass - fronted cabinet as a treasure too great for common display , and had earned shirl ogg 's picture a permanent place on the dresser .
they ca n't abide things to be out of place or missing . '
claire wanted to apologize , somehow ; jacob shot her a borderline - angry look , but he dropped back in his place on the floor , shoulders slumped .
oliver was watching her from his place at the bar .
her two cravat pins were in place , one wood , one silver .
besides , the ticket might come out on the bottom of the pile , float down low , and be in just the right place for the shortest person .
i thought i 'd be able to hear noises from inside the theater , people cleaning up and putting the chairs back in place , but the whole building was as silent as a graveyard .
finally , the lid was placed on the coffin and screwed into place .
spike stirred from his resting place at our feet and stood up on the bed .
as teren walked around to my door , i marveled at how perfectly each rock had been chosen and twisted into place , so that it seamlessly created a natural looking wall .
as i was patting it into place the bathroom door opened .
` ` i searched everywhere , inside and outside , but i could n't find anything ... out of place . ''
we looked for anything out of place once teren flipped a light on , but everything was exactly how we 'd left it when we 'd put them to bed .
there was already a plan in place for christian too , one that involved hazing our physical appearance from him after each visit , starting in a few years , when we would need to start hiding our looks .
her lower lip quivered and she wobbled in place .
the driver struck up the horses but not before sophronia hiked up her skirts , ran down after them , and leapt up to the back step , a place ordinarily occupied by footmen in livery .
everything -- desk , computer , computer games , sports posters , unmade bed -- was in place in my brother 's bedroom .
behind me , the van door closed and locks tumbled into place .
father hummer set a cup of tea beside her , taking his familiar place in the armchair .
as each slipped from its resting place , the blouse parted , and she drew his head down to her bare skin .
nicolas went back to his place in the loose circle , feeling strengthened , and much more bonded with the other carpathians than he ever had .
there was a tug on her arm and something heavy and warm snapped in place around her wrist .
weave and place upon these feet , lightest paws of a snow hare be .
lara 's hands continued to flow gracefully.that which was set in place to harm , now give forth a warning alarm .
vikirnoff pulled the photograph of his quarry from its place close to his heart .
natalya dropped the last rock in place with evident satisfaction .
desire shot through her , unexpected and piercing and totally out of place .
gabrielle closed the door and slid the bolt into place .
she slid the safety into place on the gun and waved them to chairs .
keeping her hand in place , she removed his clothing in the manner she had grown accustomed to , using her mind , rather than her hands .
his hands pushed her thighs apart ; his hips took their place between hers .
i 'd be as guilty as whoever put the stupid trap out in the first place . ''
everything is in place , but i need the perfect artwork . ''
` ` i have made the necessary calls , and the security system is in place .
his dark eyebrows shot up , but he obediently waved a hand so the room 's door lock snicked into place .
the stuffed animal was in its usual place in her arms .
something terrible had taken place there .
lisa scooted closer to cullen , sliding off the bed to give dayan a place to sit .
already she was automatically putting weapons in the proper place for a descent , trembling the entire time but moving out of pure experience and reflex .
manolito utilized every bit of energy to fight the small threads of wriggling parasites , burning them out of their hiding places , following them as they raced through the jaguar - man 's brain in an attempt to evade the attack .
he could hear her pull the thick drapes into place , covering the windows .
fortunately , she was strong from handling horses since she was a child , but it was still a difficult task to roll him into his resting place .
his teeth glinted at her , white and slowly sliding into place , incisors rather than canines , but his canines appeared very sharp as well .
absolutely everything seemed in place , perfect , too perfect .
it was a simple enough trap , utilizing what was already in place .
` ` i think when i found the body , the knife was in a different place from where we 'd set it in the beginning .
he stood up slowly and carefully replaced each piece of tack back in its original place on the wall .
the sheet was a tangle on the floor , ripped in several places .
as vikirnoff and rafael watched , two men manipulated a heavy , ore - filled car into place on the rickety rails .
he already had everything in place .
once they were in place , ivory lifted her chin and began to cast the circle of protection around gregori and the infants , walking clockwise three times .
his plan had been long in the making - several centuries of laying the foundation and setting each building block into its proper place .
with the tree in place to mira 's satisfaction now , the breed warrior put his hands into the brushy boughs and held them there .
of the thirteen - digit placeholders on the screen , only six of them were locked into place : 5 , 0 , 5 , 1 , 1 , n. tavia 's mouth curved into a sly smile as she turned to look at gideon .
` ` are the curfews in place ? ''
she moved automatically to hold the right end of the board in place for him .
hislips were in the right place to meet hers .
` ` the kryders are moving to their place in florida . ''
from ashe 's place at the window , he saw a flash of fire from the open box before rachel threw her arms around the old man 's neck .
it was hard to imagine jannalynn restoring a vintage picture frame or planning to fit a plantation sideboard into her place in shreveport .
she 'd been sitting by the window , not her usual place at the bar , so i figured she 'd been cut by flying glass .
` ` i 'd still feel better if you made sure the wards were in place , though . ''
` ` i do n't know how they were able to get into the house with the wards in place .
` ` if i can get the patches in place before he wakes up . ''
hunter reached out with his free hand to grab one of the discarded pistols from its place on the pavement .
when the tank top was in place , hunter told him , ` ` lie down on your stomach . ''
` ` holy fuck , '' nikolai breathed from his place among the others .
angus and emma are in their usual place on the fourth floor . ''
pat and sawat left the room , and she heard the scrape of a bolt sliding into place .
i 'll have to get another one in place before they notice . ''
their polarities were reversed ; every time i tried to line the last one up , the other jumped out of place .
alice sat in edward 's usual place , and this seemed to make charlie 's day .
he took my left hand in his , and slid the ring into place on my third finger .
she shook her head , fast and jerky , fighting his diversions , and tried to duck around him , but he was in place to block her as soon as she 'd thought of the plan .
she landed on her feet again , crouched and ready , but edward was already in place .
` ` but we do need to be on our way ... ... '' he started to pull me into place on his back , but i stiffened and drew away .
charlie called after me from his usual place on the sofa as i walked by .
he once again slid my ring into place on the third finger of my left hand .
it might have taken months more to get the necessary pieces in place .
part of the reason he 'd held out so long with her in the first place , before his life took the detour he was currently on , was that he knew giving in to his desire for mira - consummating it - would only make him crave her that much more .
mira knocked again , glancing to kellan as he took his place beside her , battle instincts at the ready .
desire spiked into her core as the tips of his fangs found their place at her carotid .
he could put measures in place that would ensure a minimum risk of injury or bloodshed to his breedmate and his friends .
i continued on , skimming the edges of the dance floor , looking for the bathroom and anything out of place .
sidheag inclined her head and resumed her place in line .
fluorescent lights illuminated shiny chrome and expansive counter space that would n't be out of place before the cameras of a cooking show .
she broke the circle as i did , setting it in place immediately behind me .
his suit was dirty and it looked out of place amid the destruction .
when michael parked at the blood bank , amelie 's security detail was already in place , with the limousine parked at the curb .
myrnin shoved pennywell back to his place , pointed a finger at him , and smiled .
my neck is the last part to reposition as i aid it with my hand until it locks into place .
i kick harder and pop its jaw out of place .
evan wiggles the book back into its place on the shelf .
the last two books slid into place , and i straightened , wiping my hands on my jeans while i looked at them sitting oh so nicely between the country farm 's cookie cookbook i 'd swiped from my mom and the copy of real witches eat quiche i had gotten from the i.s .
with that , he lost all his will to fight , obediently wobbling into place behind me when we were encouraged to head back to the road .
jenks took his place behind the wheel .
snapping the weather tarps into place as they went , they worked their way from the bow to the stern , eliminating every shred of easily traced evidence that we had been in it .
that we had brett for a hostage would n't stop them - he had screwed up royally , and unlike the fairies that jenks was used to dealing with , i think the weres would just as soon see him dead - but maybe a show of goodwill and a big fat lie would buy us time enough to get my con in place .
` ` peter , we ' ve got about an hour until nick gets into place with that bridge traffic .
all that was left was waiting for nick 's phone call that he was in place .
a heavy wrecker was inching its way into place , rollers moving with a sedate laziness .
i asked as i tried to maneuver an unwieldy piece of paneling into place .
when i finished hammering in the last nail in the row , ivy maneuvered the final piece of paneling in place , and i tacked in the corners without pause .
i said sarcastically , gesturing behind me at ivy 's empty place .
the holy guy gave up trying to remember his place and fumbled in his bible for his crib sheet , jowls shaking while he tried to act normal .
wanda and i always have the job of putting him back together again , but we never seem to get all the pieces in exactly the same place as before .
she carefully set the vacuum pump in its place on the meticulously labeled canvas sheet .
it was as she slotted one of the last pieces in place that she saw what was missing .
the chem lab was busy when she arrived between classes , and she had no trouble slipping into the supply room to put the canister back in place , after carefully wiping her fingerprints from everything she could think of .
` ` it seems this house has some very detailed protections in place .
between the three of them , they managed to block the front door pretty thoroughly , wedging the bookcase in place and bracing it with two more at an angle .
the tall woman was as scary as i remembered , with a long thin face , and a nose that would n't be out of place on a pre - turn depiction of a witch .
nick 's motions were quick and jerky as he stepped out of the closet and reached up to the last shelf , still in place above our heads .
she claimed a place in line .
for one thing , his favored weapon , a silver - edged glaive that masqueraded as a piece of gold plumbing , was still in its customary place above the mantelpiece .
protective measures were put into place and the vampires seemed to feel that isolation balanced out a known location .
archer sat in his usual place on the steps while i hoisted myself onto a bare space on top of shelf m. he pointed at a pile of empty dust - covered jars in the corner .
i kicked again , but just bobbed in place .
in the short span since he 'd found her , changes had been occurring inside him , things clicking into place .
as she loved him with her tongue and lips , she recognized that something was clicking into place inside her , like some kind of womanly intuition was emerging .
chloe blithely entered , then turned in place .
but he had remained in place , curious about what she was doing .
he asked softly , not moving from his place beside jewel .
the rest would fall into place along the way .
` ` better , '' she announced , as she slipped into place next to michael .
the statue of hiram what's - his - face remained facedown in the thigh - high weeds , which claire thought really might have been the best place for it .
there was also a thick old board that oliver pointed toward ; michael tossed claire her bow and slotted the bar in place , into the racks on either side of the door .
the instant she started to step away from the lighted awnings of the produce stand , the human carefully came out of his hiding place .
the vehicle was out of place here simply on the basis of its well - tended appearance , but it put off a distinct don't - fuck - with - me vibe , which helped keep most of the gangbangers and other street thugs from coming too close .
she did n't have a chance to try putting the pieces in place .
the jamb was chewed up near the doorknob , as if it had been jimmied open and then closed to make it appear that nothing was out of place .
but it had been broad daylight , and she 'd returned , at last , to find her apartment empty , not a thing out of place .
but when he started to shift his hands into place to unlock the door , kendra chose that moment to turn around and taunt them from the front seat .
with the last block of c4 in place at the northern end of the asylum , lucan navigated his way through a ventilation duct that led to the outside .
as soon as they were in the front door , in a familiarlooking hallway , lisa slammed down locks and bolts , including a recently installed iron bar that slotted into place on either side of the frame .
as claire climbed in after her , she saw that most of the tables and chairs were overturned or shoved out of place .
the jeans were tight enough to keep the blade in place against her leg , but not so much it looked obvious , and besides , it was pretty flexible .
where a vampire could n't touch the protective border , an innocent human would have no problem pulling a stone out of place to break the spell .
as valiance struggled to stop , he felt the protection spell break around him as he pulled a white stone from its place , like the pop of an electrical transformer .
he carefully put the stone he 'd dragged out of alignment back into place .
she grabbed a few towels for him and quickly set them beside him before scurrying back to her place at the end of the counter .
i want you to live with all your parts in place .
his head rolled but found a resting place in a soft patch of weeds .
the dressing was in place , but her satin gown had slipped off one shoulder .
the sound guy clipped tiny microphones onto the guys ' lapels , then struggled to find a place to attach tiffany 's mike .
he tugged the hem of leah 's kilt into place , then grabbed the beret off the floor and plopped it onto her head .
xhex gave it a shot and was relieved when the doc 's kind hand urged her back against the pillows and the sheet was floated into place once more .
moving slowly , he traded places with her , easing her into the corner he 'd parked his ass in , and putting her palms on his shoulders .
as he glanced over his shoulder , his narrator was pulling her robe into place and getting off the bed .
all at once there was a subtle shift in the scenery , like a screen had been pulled into place from above .
across the way , the duvet had been straightened with a casual hand , what had been messy now pulled up sort of into place .
they traded places , she heading for the edge of the mattress , he going for the bathroom to turn on the hot water .
for the next six hours , she had nothing to think of but white towels and sheets : finding them , putting them in machines , folding them , returning them to their proper places .
and that white stripe in front seemed shockingly out of place - until she thought of his tired , haunted eyes .
when he touched her forearm , it was not to keep her in place or restrain her , but to stroke her flesh softly , slowly .
no towels out of place .
they darted back in the direction they 'd started out in , locating another one of those steel jobbies that happened to already be slid into place and bolted .
upon his will , the glass door to the pool 's entry hall opened wide for them , and as it eased shut in their wake , she heard its lock slip into place .
as blay stepped inside , he heard the double doors click into place behind him , and searched his mind for something to say .
covering her tracks took less time than she thought , and before she knew it , she was moving the bunk into place again .
to keep it in its place , he mollified the blade with the promise of slayers .
` ` hold his pelvis in place . ''
everything had been cleaned up ... except for a pair of things that were out of place on the floor : a spoon and a glass that was mostly empty of what had to be water .
with that , he turned and went back into blaylock 's room , the door shutting with a click and then the light getting cut off as those heavy drapes were tugged into place .
he continued to wander around , looking for things that were out of place , checking the wastepaper baskets , peeking into the bathroom .
he paced around and ended up at the bureau , where he pushed the empty bottom drawer back into place .
to buttress the point , xcor sat down at the foot of the door , putting his back in place against the panels .
he searched those hazel eyes , that mouth , and that chin , trying to find something that did n't fit , something out of place ... something that disproved the two - plus - two - is - four he was rocking .
all she needed was the noise , played loud enough and long enough to get her into place for the hunt .
even with the soundproofing in place , tegan could hear the heavy bass of her stereo and the competing chatter of the tv .
how long would it take them to put all the pieces in place ?
i 'll call again when the transport is in place . ''
as for the robotic restraints on the creature 's neck , limbs , and torso , they were in place as preparation for the day 's assorted fluid and tissue extractions .
` ` sorry i was n't - ` ` ` ` i quite understand , perks , you must stand your turn like the other ' lads ' , '' said blouse , and polly heard the inverted commas clank into place .
they reached the edge of the wood , where bushes fought one another for their place in the sun , and found a spot with a view .
the furniture was al stil in place .
cadmus had fallen into place next to harmonia and brennan held my hand .
i waved at her and the dog cocked its head , but remained in place .
i thought that the most likely place was in the wood paneling under the stairs .
little metal corners were already in place to hold the first picture .
he flinched , but held his place next to me .
in the canopied markets , everything was for sale , silversmiths grouped together , the weavers in their own place , the silk merchants in a row , and i could see down the side street that came in to my right that it was dedicated to the sale of slaves - the better slaves , who might never have to go to an auction block .
she was already painted for the day and her wig and ornaments were in place .
the queen was as before , her hand in its old place .
at once he took his place in the tomb beside me , and pushed the lid back to its place , and all the world 's light in any form was shut out , as if the dead would have it so .
elena put the shirt back in its place on the rack and walked out of the store .
as the others took their places , lucia readied her bow , nocking an arrow .
it had taken him slightly longer than expected to get everything in place , but he felt good , confident , about how it was all going to play out .
a few minutes later , olivia was lying thoughtfully on the floor of the living room when ivy let out a long , sad sigh from her place on the couch .
a bright , modernistic painting held pride of place above the fireplace , adding a much needed splash of color .
i could n't see anything out of place .
the house was n't messy at all ; in fact , everything was in its place .
while the other , luckier kids who had their own cars walked through the parking lot , dex and i took our places on the sidewalk .
hestood , picked up his sunglasses , slid them into place .
he moved the bamboo screen back into place , then took her hand .
out of place in the cramped living room was a black leather duffel bag that sat unzipped on the skirted orange - and - brown plaid sofa .
but seth 's quarters were as neat as ever , not a single thing out of place .
true to her word , however , kade 's mother had made sure nothing was out of place since he 'd left a year ago .
when he 'd pressed it into place on the steel door and set the charges , everyone drew back outside and covered their heads as he hit the detonator and blew the door .
tegan asked chase , who 'd been charged with coordinating the in - town portion of their task list for the day ` ` everything 's in place , '' chase said .
he strode to the center aisle , knowing how out of place he must look in his combat - worn , bloodstained black fatigues , guns and blades bristling from the belt around his hips while his lug - soled boots echoed hollowly over the polished wood path toward the altar .
the tip squeaks as he draws several lines across the board and then puts the cap on , before returning the marker to its place on the tray .
i scoot the book into its correct place on the shelf .
i let my lip return to its rightful place as he gets up from the stool and makes his way to the window .
` ` now shut your eyes and place you 're hand on it ... the sooner we get this over with , the sooner we can have answers . ''
following the massacre at the stadium after the football match , a series of road blocks had been set in place around the town .
she patted at her hair , which was threatening to fall down without the hair stick in its proper place .
aside from miss dair , who smiled kindly from her place on the settee , no one seemed particularly pleased to see her .
the shop was empty except for tobias sitting gloomily in his usual place beside the cash register .
he marched over to another ladder and slid it into place next to hers .
it was n't until the final suture was in place and tess had walked to the sink to scrub up that brock realized he was still touching jenna , still caressing the line of her carotid with the pad of his thumb .
` ` tess has been down there for more than an hour , '' she pointed out , idly pulling a book about female jazz singers from its place in the history section .
angered by her own self - pity , jenna slid the picture back between the pages , then returned the book to its place on the shelf .
she asked , her movements clipped with irritation as she filed each book back in its rightful place on the shelves .
as dante swaggered back to his place among his brethren , niko peered at him with mock intensity , getting up close and staring at his face before finally giving an exaggerated shrug .
she pulled on the dress mabel had set out , tugged it into place , then peered down at herself and grimaced .
it would have been completely out of place among the modest and neutral - colored attire alchemists usually wore .
mick was the one who pulled the lined curtains into place .
with a stiff motion , he dropped another book in its place .
there was only one reason why cremated bodies were replaced with kitty litter - an offering of mortal ashes kept a summoned demon from appearing out of place , like outside the circle .
yup , it was trent , dressed in a suit and tie that looked way out of place with the threadbare carpet and linoleum counters .
cinderella was in fact making sure everything was in place so he could go play with her on friday .
elena held her place by the window and gave a little toss to her head , pulling the ribbon out of her hair so that it fell loose around her shoulders .
he had been watching the human girls from his place in the shadows when it had exploded from behind him , sending the girls fleeing .
i leaned out , holding my place with one foot like a checkers player holds his place with his finger before making his next move .
i leaned out , holding my place with one foot like a checkers player holds his place with his finger before making his next move .
a warding spell was in place to bar his entry , a security measure that he easily circumvented .
the explosives were already in place .
those in the present reach blindly into the box of the future every time they have a decision to make , draw a piece of the puzzle out and slot it into place on the board .
i laughed at that , then stepped up to the crystal cylinder to return the vial of poison to its rightful place .
i do n't think mr tiny put the kitchen - there - i think it was in place - all along .
he was helping her put all the pieces in place for that illusion if needed , and she would consolidate it with the contacts she would make at the gathering , confirming who her allies might be .
boudiceaa began to do a high step trot in place , moving left , one set of legs coming over the other as jacob held one hand in her mane only .
even the male who desired dorian tried to take a place in line .
remaining in place , hesitant , she fingered the ends of her still - damp hair .
take your place in the lines below . ''
so they 'd gone down together to bury them deep beneath the basement floor in the old furnace room , carefully putting the paving stones back in place .
utterly out of place here their fine gray overcoats , the bit of starched collar showing , the gleaming knot of silk tie .
a tiny vagrant hair was plucked suddenly from her face ; one of those annoying hairs , quite out of place , which women so hate .
he rose from his place at the table , and came round towards her on the left - hand side .
that was a very bright light , which flared brighter as each vampire found a place to his liking on shinichi 's body and bit simultaneously .
there was a bolt of agony as the weight of the strap hit the place from which most of her wings had sprung , but she kept her face contemptuous and indifferent .
elena glanced at him uneasily from her place in the passenger seat - with no i d or driver 's license , of course , she knew she should n't drive .
` ` makes sense , '' meredith said crisply and took up a place by the doctor .
she now had a special place for it - lady ulma had seen to that .
she had dragged bonnie with her , and meredith had followed , so that when saber leaped into his accustomed place he landed on three soft laps .
bonnie pulled two more chairs into place around the table .
then came shay , zander 's second - in - command , who smirked at jared as she stepped into place beside the sisters .
when she looked back up , she saw the curtains falling into place , and then the light in that upstairs room snapped off .
she gave the book a few more nudges with her fingertips and then pulled her arm out , tugging the bedspread back in place .
i took a place beside him on the bench .
was this human to want her understanding , this desperate fear that i would die in her arms , and no one would ever know who i 'd been or what had taken place ah , but the others , they knew , and they had not come to help me .
thank god the fancy outer cloth did not catch in it , but tumbled down into place , covering the unsnapped lock .
with one last thrust of sheer will , i slammed the door , and shoved the open trunk into place and toppled into it .
i had watched the splendid little flat in the rue royale being restored , step by step , until there were at least some exquisitely furnished rooms in which i could spend my time , thinking about all that had happened , and which might yet take place .
they will fall into place behind us and advance naturally .
once in place , i lay down and watched the sun cross the sky .
` ` the coffin is like any other - until someone lies down in it and the lid is put in place .
layel remained in place and studied the male closest to him .
zane forced himself to remain in place , even though everything inside him screamed to back away before she could reach him .
somberly she helped the vampire place the formorian inside .
the main dragon shed could only be reached now by dodging around three big cast - iron flame - deflector shields , put in place two months ago ; dragon breeding was not a hobby for cissies or people who minded having to repaint the whole side of the house occasionally .
she strode swiftly inside and , finding it was english run and quite up to snuff , had her own valve in place exactly on time to transmit a message to biffy .
tiny was right behind the girl and helped mirabeau shift the manhole back into place before they straightened and moved to the side of the road .
kahli sprung from her hiding place , her arm falling fast , but the man turned suddenly , like he knew she was there .
and all the knives and forks are in the right places , too .
it took me a few seconds to move it into place in front of the closet , cleanly knocking off the door handle in the process .
` ` be seated , '' dragos instructed them as they filed in and he took his place at the front of the meeting room .
` ` it is here that i ' ve been putting the pieces in place . ''
i watched her put the limb in place and turn it and adjust it until it was as it should be , and then before my astonished eyes , i saw the wound i had made utterly seal up in her white skin .
` ` we can move the stones away from their sleeping places , ca n't we ? ''
on the table , not far from the food , and held in place beneath the weight of the candelabra , was a series of documents , freshly written and signed in ornate script .
falling into place on my other side , she looked across me to ford .
the lower floor was a mess , with several tables sporting broken legs and everything shoved out of place .
grunting , the man pushed away from the table , his thick fingers looking out of place on the white linen .
15 after hild had set off , plainly loath to leave tera - though she seemed oblivious to his attraction - the remaining five had eaten as much unripened fruit as they could tolerate , then taken places around the fire to pass out .
she puts the eyeliner back in its place on her make - up tray .
if something was out of place , the coach did n't notice - thanks to casey 's interference .
had nick left something out of place ?
now come , kiss my lips and feast on the nectar you need to take your rightful place to unite and lead us into battle . ''
spellbound , i rose from my place by the fire .
and finding a little house , i made a safe hiding place for the bones far , far beneath it , and then i went into them .
everything in place , and now you come , the right hand of god . ''
now , before you object , let me explain that this will be done by a filovirus perfected here by us which is already in place in those various temples .
only the medical texts on the bedside table and the heavy book in the woman 's hands seemed out of place .
it had been a heavy , powerful brazilian man whom he stalked into the darkened woods of corcovado , flushing him deeper and deeper into the rain forest and then dragging him from his hiding place for a long slow repast .
she took her place in front of me , the fire just to her right .
quiana had returned to her place at the edge of the hole .
he hammered sheetrock into place .
for five minutes or so the only sound in the house was the tearing and clattering of floorboards as they were wrenched from their places , and the chatter of the guys in the next room as they worked .
her head was down , watching the line as it poured into place ; when she was finished , terrible and the ghost stood within a circle five feet or so around .
weston considered putting it behind his back , out of the child 's sight , but there was no place to set it other than the chair .
panicked , weston did a quick tour , looking for anything missing or out of place .
each of his teeth was in its proper place .
but the door had fallen back into place , and it did not reopen .
and shannon remained in place , resting his head in his upraised hands .
she remained in place , head tilting to the side .
hinges squeaked as he entered , and then the lock clicked into place when he was settled .
neither riley nor victoria had moved from their places on the beds .
aden made sure to put everything back in its place so that dr . hennessy would never know what he 'd done .
he opened his door , but rather than step out , he remained in place , peering over at her .
seth took his place in the passenger seat .
after mom slid the last bobby pin in place , she wheeled me around to face the mirror .
` ` we had a house for sixteen years , '' dad corrected me from his place on the couch , where he was busily going through his old records , trying to find ella wishes you a swinging christmas .
from his place on my parents ' couch , where he had been forcefully told to remain , lucas attempted to defend me .
i could ' ve grabbed a few cds and the player from my room , but that would ' ve meant leaving my place beside lucas on the sofa .
i took my place on the road that led to nearby riverton and waited .
lucas took his place beside me , his broad knife at the ready .
from his place on the floor , balthazar shouted , ` ` get out !
from his place on the white sofa , the dreadlocked vampire snorted with disgust .
` ` oh , this is fun , '' charity laughed from her place atop the boxes .
she had n't budged from her place between the hunters and lucas .
balthazar laughed from his place on the ground , holding two fingers to his mouth and pulling them back to see the blood .
as lucas knocked on the door , i cautiously took my now - familiar place at her windowsill , relieved to sense no traps nearby - then was startled .
from his place in the beanbag chair , vic hung his head backward and grinned at lucas .
instead of glittery lights or modern decorations , the great hall was illuminated with hundreds of candles , many set in place in front of hammered brass or old - fashioned , smoky mirrors to reflect the light throughout the room .
lucas drew back as skye , or something that looked like skye , stared malevolently at him from her place on the floor .
from his place within the gazebo , where he sat on one of the long benches , balthazar said , ` ` and she 'll act .
he stopped in place , not trusting himself near such weak prey at such a moment ; it was too soon after the fight , too soon after he 'd let himself be a hunter again .
her fingers plucked the words from their jumble along one side , sliding them into place : i remember soft rose fantasies at evernight she 'd been craig 's girlfriend , faithful even in her imagination .
balthazar started to scuttle from the bed , but skye kept him in place .
he took his place in front of her and faced the back door .
jenna grabbed the discarded nail polish and started distributing them to their proper places on the shelves .
right about the time lindsay was stacking the last box in place , joshua came racing into the garage .
i stepped away from her and moved to the furthest corner of the room , checking that my handkerchief had n't budged from its place .
then erik took his place in the circle between julisse and helina , linking hands with both of them .
i nodded and lowered my hands , and the table lowered with them , settling back into place , and still as wobbly as ever .
the ghost of mr . wharton calmly shut the lid , returned the bloody hatchet to its proper place , and promptly disappeared .
a limestone slab , lowered with ropes , ground into place .
he closed his eyes , picturing a massive stone , pushed into place to seal the outer entrance to the tunnel .
frozen in place , as if she were crouching in the middle of a minefield , she studied the other pieces on the floor .
out of long habit , emmanuel and nadia stepped into their places , emmanuel in front , nadia to his left .
so erin took responsibility for the task , carefully sewing each square into place , her young fingers growing faster with each one .
` ` it is more complex than harnessing a team of horses , '' she said , but she figured it out and snapped herself in place next to him .
* * * ` ` i feel funny , '' i say , feeling a little woozy as he throws away the syringe and returns the virus to its rightful place in the cabinet .
it 's out of place and i need to get it back in .
i hastily wiped down the granite slab and safe with my jacket sleeve , then hefted the stone slab i 'd cut out back into its original place .
looking for anything out of the ordinary , anything out of place , anything or anyone who might be a threat to me .
everything in its place for the night .
the walls had been polished to a high silver shine , but none of the other furnishings had been put in place .
many more things needed to be put in place before mab and i had our final dance .
the only reason i 'd been able to find lafleur 's file was because it had actually been in one of the filing cabinets in its proper place .
he 'd come out from his hiding place beside the suv and stood in front of the vehicle , eyes wide , staring down at the blood , bodies , and carnage that painted the pavement .
looking , listening , searching for anything that did n't belong , anything out of place , any shadow that had n't been here before when i 'd first gone into the tunnel .
every second i did that was another second that finn and the others had to slip out of their hiding places in the woods , quietly take out the bounty hunters stationed on the perimeter , and get into position at the edge of the courtyard .
the windshield had been hit in at least three places with a baseball bat or tire iron , and deep , jagged cracks crisscrossed the glass like the thick , silvery threads of a spider 's web .
i reached up and touched my right shoulder ; my collarbone was completely mended , the broken bones fused together and in their appropriate places once more .
the other two giants were still trying to get around the table , so i raised the staff and brought it down again in the same place .
` ` hey there , baby sister , '' i said , using one of the day 's credit card receipts to mark my place in the copy of watership down by richard adams that i was reading .
i practiced removing the grate from its frame until i was sure i could do it without making any noise , then i slid it back into place .
peaches discovered fletcher 's hiding place underneath the desk and let out a loud , delighted bark , as if he 'd just found some secret treasure .
cement mixers for laying foundations , cranes to hoist beams into place high in the sky , and all the other equipment you would need to fill in all the spaces in between .
i frowned , wondering what he was talking about , what contingency he might have put into place that i 'd missed- crack .
sebastian stood in front of his father 's desk , one hand on charlotte 's shoulder to hold her in place in front of him .
at dawn , the main deck had been empty , except for sophia and her shotguns , but now two tables had been set up in her place , each one covered with an impressive spread of food .
i took the pie plate , washed it while murmuring curses under my breath , and put it in its place under the stove .
the black - and - white photograph looked absurdly out of place on a red - and - white - plaid tablecloth .
she came home , opened the cabinets , and found everything exactly the way she had arranged it , every cup , every plate , nothing even an inch out of place .
steel struck stone with a loud clang and the white rock slid an inch out of its place .
i bet his room did n't have a single item out of place .
the place was n't ransacked , but someone had looked at each of greg 's files and did n't return them to their proper place , instead choosing to stack them on the first horizontal surface available .
i put the file back into its place and walked out of the office .
he slid the shark teeth one by one into their places on the bracers .
the slack expression reasserted itself and he moved back , returning to his place in the ring of furry beasts .
i was suddenly glad i 'd shoved my gun into my boot instead of its normal place at the small of my back .
when giguhl was in place , adam circled him , pouring the white grains around him .
for her to escape new york and make it here to rome so quickly told me that she had the escape plan in place long before tanith 's murder .
i took my place between them and turned back toward the audience .
robert ran to the nearly sheer glass wall , scrambled up , quick and silent , as if his hands had glue on them , and slid in place next to us .
he sat back in his place in the middle .
hugh 's mouth hung open , his lower jaw out of place .
not a single carpet fiber was out of place .
it lay on its back in a puddle of blood , its chest a forest of bone shards where someone had wrenched ribs out of their place .
the woods ended , jerked away suddenly like a green silk scarf pulled out of place .
another slid into its place .
muscle whipped and stretched like elastic cords , and a wererat crouched in his place , one enormous clawed paw leaning on the ground .
five poisonous creatures , '' she said , nodding at the five animals still sitting in their places .
the bed was back in its rightful place .
` ` then i want infrared and rk2s in place in the other rooms .
once we had everything in place , anyway .
it had taken bones and me plus chris 's team a week to lay the previous trap in place .
maybe they were waiting to attack us until they had more forces in place .
she bent over , shudders wracking her body so viciously it looked like her muscles were being torn out of place .
cooper complied , and the capsule 's door slid into place with a series of locks clicking back together .
i was just about to get the rappelling platform in place when don walked in .
bones took his place beside me on the couch and clasped my hand , pointedly .
spade strode forward from his place at the perimeter of the stage .
i resisted long enough to hold up the messily written page and have tate read it as rodney chained his arm back into place .
i went inside the makeshift dressing room and put the privacy screen in place with a pointed look .
so i gathered up all the bricks that i 'd loosened from the wall , including the one from my breathing hole , and put them all back into their proper places .
i ' m sure she already has a plan in place for that .
he swallowed and stepped forward , clearly nervous , but all i did was place my champagne flute on his tray and give him a dazzling smile .
eyebrows furrowing at his tone , i held my place in the files and peered up at him .
` ` shit , '' he muttered , quickly pulling away from me , scooting backward off the bed ... and falling straight on his ass when he landed on the headboard , no longer in its correct place .
his eyes narrowed , and he slowly took the banana pudding from its place between us .
clyde huffed at him , but when no other attack came , his head began darting between ezra and bonnie , his huge paws pattering in place on the table .
a deep breath , a few jumps in place , a shake of my limbs .
as jim ambled toward king hall 's entrance , elly took his place at my window with a toothy grin .
once he had a huge mound in place , he rested on them in an almost sitting position , but reclined enough so that he would n't fall if i took too much .
i parked in my normal place at the back of the parking lot under a large oak , the spot empty .
it looks like lili did n't have a plan in place for everything .
even through all of this insanity , i noticed that not one hair on the prince 's head was out of place .
there 's no doubt she had plans in place from the moment you left her weeks ago .
he slid forward and i rolled once , scooting myself into place .
but my shields were already in place , my magic kept her out .
everything in its proper place ? ''
she glanced over at me once everything was back in its rightful place , seeming proud of herself for providing the trick to terrify the human .
i yelled , grabbing on to my forearm with my other hand to keep it in place , resisting the urge to pull back as she began sucking ravenously .
drake , although not full on brains , would ' ve had a loose plan in place .
james stepped from behind my chair and handed my father a hunting knife from its resting place on his belt .
` ` my gut feeling is someone has been waiting for jessica to turn , with plans in place all along .
other sects , not just wolves , must have been waiting on your change , with plans put in place .
danny gave a little salute from his place on the floor , on what appeared to be a plaid picnic blanket full of empty plates and a couple of red - stained wineglasses .
` ` you 're delusional if you think i 'd risk your life by sending you away with no plans in place and no adequate protection to speak of .
leaving the kitchen , vicki came to an abrupt halt when she saw that the stranger had arrived and was sitting in his usual place in the back booth .
after removing her shoes , he tucked her under the covers , fully clothed , and then he went through the castle , making certain all the wards were in place .
after doing some measuring and a little cussing , she figured out where to drive the nails ; then , praying that she would n't drop the darn thing , she wrestled the painting into place .
with a feeling of reverence , rourke lifted the sword from its place over the mantel .
` ` please , sit down , '' she invited , taking a place beside ramon .
` ` always keep the reader guessing , '' he said , taking a place on the sofa .
ronan returned a few minutes later and resumed his place behind her .
she sat in her usual place at the dinner table , her head bowed while her father asked a blessing on the food .
returning to the kitchen , he filled his pockets with several vials of holy water , made sure his crucifix was in place and visible , then picked up four of the wooden stakes .
kissing her tenderly , he put her to bed , then climbed into his own resting place and closed his eyes , truly afraid , for the first time in his life , of what the night would bring .
deciding that everything seemed to be in place , she breathed a sigh of relief .
ronan found a place at the bar and shannah sat beside him .
she followed him up the stairs , watched the play of muscles in his arms , back and shoulders with feminine appreciation as he dismantled the frame , stacked the pieces one on top of the other , and carried the lot down the stairs to the basement , where he quickly reassembled the thing , then lifted the box spring and mattress into place .
` ` stay here , '' the warrior said brusquely , and dropped the door flap into place .
a brown leather recliner , looking ridiculously out of place , was the only piece of furniture in evidence .
he placed the gun on the shelf ; then , lifting her into his arms , he took her place in the chair and settled her on his lap .
` ` one drink , '' she agreed , taking a place at an empty table .
a king - sized bed occupied a place between two windows that offered views of the distant mountains .
the witch stood in her usual place in the corner of the room , the hood of her long black cloak pulled forward , her face shadowed in its folds .
the rest of the men came next , then went out two by two to take their places on the outside of the fence .
` ` i expect you all to have cameras in place by tomorrow night . ''
he took a place in front of her chair , his arms folded across his chest .
` ` sit down , '' daisy said , taking a place on the sofa .
from his place beneath a pepper tree , he watched a young man stride down the street toward him .
rhys grinned as he took a place on the sofa , one arm resting along the back .
` ` no need to be so formal , '' he replied , taking a place on the sofa beside her .
suddenly nervous , she hesitated a moment before taking a place beside him .
taking his place beside katiya , drake reached for her hand .
andrei materialized in the room and took his place beside drake .
and so saying , he returned to his place in the circle .
` ` soon , i will have something to bargain with , '' nadiya said , her mind racing as a new strategy fell into place .
she filled a glass with ice water , then returned to her place on the sofa .
` ` drake , '' elena said , taking a place between her husband and her daughter .
drake and lucien took their places in the center of the circle , facing each other .
lucien 's second took a place outside the circle .
francisco and stefan did as bidden , bowed to the torchbearer , and then returned to their respective places outside the circle .
jones stood and tugged his jacket into place .
the black receded from tess 's hair , and blair and elliot had resumed their place against the wall .
with skippy safely in the sorting room , meg closed the go - through , sliding the top bolt into place .
then , gritting her teeth as the prickling in her arm increased , she slid the two hidden bolts into place .
* * * taking his place behind the checkout counter , simon wolfgard glanced at the clock on the wall , then said , now . > the howl from the back of the bookstore produced the expected female squeals and more manly grunts of surprise .
by the time she got her place locked up and returned to simon 's apartment , sam was dancing in place .
he spoke with certainty as if he already had a plan in place .
she took another step , and that 's when she felt someone move into place behind her .
endelle asked , keeping her voice low as the orchestra conductor took his place in the pit .
she hung them back on the wall in their proper places and continued unpacking .
she looked down at her clothes , too , but there was nothing out of place .
she poked around in his drawers but there was nothing secretive hiding there , and nothing out of place .
they 'd moved everything back in and put it back in its proper place just as she 'd remembered .
he dropped the thick curtains into place and effectively blocked out any sun .
he watched her intently , his gaze searching as he pulled her tighter against him , keeping his hand firmly in place .
cassie managed to get another bolt into place , taking aim she fired it , finding satisfaction as the bolt hit home .
everything was so out of place .
the beauty of the snow was so out of place and wrong with the monster standing amidst it .
melissa inquired as she returned to her place by the mantle .
the customary hotel painting of a serene landscape hung on the wall , it was completely out of place amidst all of the destruction and mayhem .
the room was also completely spotless , everything neatly put in its place .
aria hefted the broken spear ; she rotated it in her hands as she moved to the place where she had climbed onto the beam .
locks , she realized , that braith 's brother had put into place .
he lifted her into position , and she locked her legs around his waist , feeling the rough prickle of stone and masonry against her bare back as he settled into place .
she walked back to her chaise and settled back onto her place .
her sword hung from its place at her belt , and she had a dagger sheathed against her calf , as well as several small bottles of holy water in various locations .
giving a great , last , harsh buck and twist , she managed to slip her hand beneath and under her hips , scrabbling for the stake behind there as lilith forced her back into place .
although his body blocked her view , she heard the faint clunks of something tumbling into place .
i 'll take care- '' but her words strangled in her throat as sebastian leaped into place beside her , stake in hand .
she stared for a moment without seeing as the pieces clunked into place .
when she 'd removed the shard from the hideaway , returning it to a safe place behind the door of alchemy , max had been there as well .
three faded silk bookmarks fell lifelessly from their places .
the odd lumps of dirt and out - of - place boulders , groupings of trees and brush , and piles of paving stones that bespoke john nash 's ongoing redesign of the park reared up in the dark , sending awkward shadows over the road .
` ` that has left me free to put my other plans in place . ''
the fake bolt in its spot , victoria squeezed back into the small doorway and used the metal rod to tug the chair back into place .
the heavy slab of wood had been wedged tightly in its brackets ; a sign that someone had violently shoved at the door , and its moorings creaked as she forced it from its place .
he was standing at one of the cupboards , apparently also returning a weapon to its rightful place .
he started toward the door , and she remained in place .
knives and stakes had protruded from every angle , and when she tried it on a blade had slipped from its place and sliced through the delicate shift to her skin .
sebastian gave a groan of relief as the stiletto at last came free of its place in her stays , and he pulled it away .
he reached up to one of the iron sconces that were studded throughout the entire consilium and lifted the torch from its place .
he knelt as victoria had done a week ago , when she 'd come with ylito and wayren , and scratched away the moss and dirt so that the small metal tab would fit into its place .
a few quick movements , the dull scrape of stone on stone , followed by a small grunt , and he produced the little silver key they had just slipped into its place on the outside of the door .
the wall that she came upon ended in a neat doorway that appeared to be covered by some kind of tapestry ; it wafted back into place , indicating that sebastian had just slipped through there .
she kicked out , but it was too late - something smooth and cool latched into place on her left wrist .
but when he glanced over , he saw that it was still on the table , held in place by pesaro 's hand .
there was no sign of any disturbance ... the books were still lining shelves , the pillows perfectly arranged on the furniture ... even the silver tray with the brandy and sherry bottles was in place across the room .
victoria eased from her hiding place , staying in the shadows , but shifting so that she could see through the stair railing curving above her .
her arms clunked against each other as though someone was moving them , the stake fell from loose fingers ; something hard bumped into her sore wrist ... something curving and hard that was out of place ...
their blades clashed and clung together as though glued , pausing in midbattle , their faces so close together victoria could see one golden copper hair from his eyebrow curling out of place and catching in the bangs that had fallen over his forehead .
her other hand found its own place to hold on just behind sebastian 's ear ... but she was n't thinking about the smooth wood under her fingers , nor the shiny but worn brocade upholstery .
we shall commence with that discussion shortly and put our preparations into place immediately , for we have less than two days .
sebastian had not moved from his place next to her side , and the warmth of his legs next to her body was becoming unbearable .
victoria turned her head away , her stomach pitching , her back arching , hoping that whatever protections sebastian had put in place for her would be enough once the vampire had smelled and tasted her blood .
the leather corners were creased and bumped , but the spine was true , and three faded silk bookmarks fell lifelessly from their places .
she picked a place in the shadows of a spreading oak , standing behind its trunk .
he shifted himself onto one knee on the sofa cushion and covered her hand with his fingers , holding it gently in place on the top of the back .
a loud thud against the carriage door caused the vehicle to lurch to one side , then rock back into place .
rockley 's thick walnut hair was brushed back high off his forehead , and did not dare fall from its place even when he tipped his head to look down at his bride .
for the first time in her memory , his hair had moved out of place and fell forward on the sides , brushing his sideburns and the edge of his jaw .
she wants the book back , and she 's put some plan in place to get it . ''
he had one other he might call on , and if he hurried , then he might have things in place before everything fell apart .
* * * ` ` i 'll call when everything is in place , '' wildrif assured friesianna .
ask marcus - see if he 'll tell you , '' bear lifted the last file box and maneuvered it into place .
a nearly new , red lexus raced past ; aedan made a note of the make and model as nathan placed the suv in gear and spun out of their hiding place , driving toward the access ramp .
` ` trade places with me , ashe , '' dori had her hands on ashe 's waist , moving around him in the water .
how quickly can you get those prefab homes in place ? ''
i believe the council has arranged to have vampire assistance tomorrow evening to put everything in place .
jane finished folding a turquoise t and patted it into place on a display table .
sali craned his neck from their place in line .
ashe sighed and watched as his friend disappeared through the bedroom door , holding their place with a thumb while he looked ahead .
toff asked as he moved to take corent 's place at the wash pan .
refizan had the factories already in place ; they just had to rework the assembly robots , '' ry added .
` ` i ca n't decide whether i want strawberry ice cream or a brownie sundae , '' nissa stood on tiptoe to see everything from her place in line .
he turned to give me a concerned look as i knelt in my accustomed place next to his campstool .
ibbitt 's footsteps crunched - it was an old trick ; place nutshells or another , similar substance on the floor - it was meant to alert anyone inside to their presence .
two months later , the brothels were in place and the pleasure workers were arriving .
i ' m right here , '' i said , materializing at my place at the head of the table .
additional guards fell into place as gabron walked away .
` ` in a tree ten miles away , crying her eyes out , '' griffin formed light around his hands and repaired the broken hinges on the refrigerator door before floating it back to its proper place .
merrill nodded respectfully and we moved to a place at the left against the wall .
most of the security team was already in place .
` ` lissa , place compulsion to tell the truth on avery , here , '' weldon ordered .
* * * ` ` she looks like she 's sleeping , '' sam helped winkler place lissa inside her body bag .
merrill did n't have a hair out of place as we stood there , surveying the bodies .
gavin now stood slightly to the side so i could take my place amid sergio and edward 's ashes .
all he had to do was place compulsion and it would be sit , stay , blink .
i asked , dusting off the back of my jeans and climbing up again to sit down in my usual place .
there is nothing out of place on his desk .
` ` we each moved six books out of their proper places , '' called george the stegosaurus .
` ` though we did put them into place backward , '' charles said .
if i had to work that hard to get one boot to stay in one place , there was no way i 'd be able to summon enough effort to get all the way to the top .
i froze in shock , one of my boots locking into place on the bird 's glass underside .
those lamps were hung back in their places on the walls , even the one i 'd tried to use to burn the place down .
she smirked , then pulled back into the butterfly , a glass plate sliding into place where she 'd been hanging .
it sits on the shelf above my desk in the same place it 's been since thanksgiving .
johnny , a pudgy but muscled filipino , is in his usual place behind the information desk , which is raised as if the guys behind it hold the end - all truth about good musical taste and knowledge .
he shoves her legs from his place on the floor , and she shoves his back .
another pin slides into place as i catch sight of the back of his hand .
having someone find a place on your shoulder and be able to rest .
jill and emma materialized next to her , and the three of them joined our place at the front of the line like they knew exactly what they were doing and were confident they 'd get away with it .
oh , he 's always looking for ways to get me into his bed , or at least to that place we were that time down on the banks of red roses when ... well , never mind .
it is therefore not easily spotted in this dim light , as i hurry it to a place next to one of the heavy , thick oak knees that hold the planks of the hull together .
then , and only then , does clarissa release my hand from the death grip in which she had held it , flinging my hand down and stalking off to return to her place on the balcony .
after i ' ve gotten the still - helpless rebecca and the still - distraught elspeth arranged in place on either side of my pillow , i use my cloth to clean rebecca 's face , and the coolness of it revives her a bit , so she 's able to sit up and lean her back against the wall .
chubbuck releases julia and moves back to his place by the door and resumes his former stance .
in a matter of minutes , i finish , then i squirm through the rat hole once again and return the brace - and - bit to its place on the workbench .
we all fear discovery now that we ' ve come this far , and we can not wait to get the cover boards cut and in place .
a crack in one of the massive knees of the ship is a perfect hiding place for the screwdriver , 'cause we 'll need that close at hand when the time comes .
churchmen are beginning to come in and take their places on the altar dais .
i yanked on the door handle , prepared to make a fantastic exit but his hand shot out over me , holding the door in place .
` ` alright , let 's go over the winnings one more time , '' fin said , taking his place in the second lane , just a few feet ahead of me .
he calls us to our places and she turns away , a shadow of confusion on her face , but ready .
the world had tilted overnight , and everything had fallen into place .
standing on the rung below her places my mouth level with her ear .
` ` um , may i ask how this took place ? ''
do n't worry , i add to the note , and then sign d. * * * after i let myself in , i find them both in the kitchen , parked in their usual places at the table .
his wisecrack allows me to swim back to a place where my feet can touch the bottom .
when the doorbell chimes , i freeze in place .
i can see this is going nowhere and pipes up that all the tattoos got to be in the same place on each of us or it ai n't a brotherhood thing , and it 's got to be hidden and secret from everyone ' cept us so 's we can swear secret oaths on our tattoos and reveal them only to each other when we 're down in dungeons and stuff and hideously disfigured so we could n't be recognized any other way , and it makes sense to them and we decide on the right hipbone up front just before it meets the belly .
` ` now , where did all this take place ? ''
` ` we ' ve found a place for the earrings . ''
she had guessed that my spirit was capable of leaving its natural place in my body .
she grins and waves , and i wave back , then go to my usual place on the quarterdeck , where i place one foot to either side of the centerline , the better to feel the movement of my ship .
it 's something so simple and everyday - smiling before the flash , checking to see if everything 's in place .
there were a lot of missed kicks , sliding attempts to dribble or pass the ball , along with times when the ball was left spinning in place .
the laughter filled up the hollow hole , and my heart returned to its proper place in my chest , putting me back together again .
she asked anna when sara started unzipping the duffle bags to put my minimal possessions in their place .
a few helped put the pool furniture back in place , but the other pale , grumbling faces took their possessions and dragged themselves out the door .
i laid them on my bed and returned to my door to slide the lock in place , concerned how my mother would react if she saw i 'd kept the pictures she 'd smashed at the bottom of the stairs .
i slid the trash can in place and rinsed my hands just as the screen door slammed shut .
there were mallard ducks on his pajamas , which seemed out of place , considering he might be about to jump off of a building .
link dribbled the ball in place .
i knew exactly when the last piece slid into place .
that night , the jars of salt , river stones , and graveyard dirt - the ingredients in so many of amma 's charms - were missing from their places on the shelves , along with at least two dozen other bottles .
moving the letters into place was like digging up a rock from the sisters ' garden , but my mom helped me .
i picked up the nearest letter and pushed it into place .
he picked up the receiver , dropped it immediately into the cradle , and tried to return to the comfortable place on his pillow .
as he walked past her to his old place on the floor , he used the book to slap her on the butt .
the cards fell beautifully into place , so she hew through them , her hands moving without the benefit of her mind , her entire existence on cruise control .
i dribbled the ball and changed places with him .
some other teachers had wanted to only do a symbolic memorial , saving empty seats and acknowledging their names in the correct places among the other students , pointing them out , but not dwelling on the tragedy .
there was n't a strand of brown hair out of place on marcus ' head , and the dark suit he wore looked so out of place .
new rules are being put into place and these rules will be unconditional and effective immediately . ''
these rules were put into place to protect the half - bloods also . ''
everything that i ai n't got on is packed away in my seabag with my other stuff that i ' ve picked up along the way - needles , threads , awls , fishing lures , my concertina , my blue dress that i made myself and my kingston dress , my pennywhistle , and , yes , me shiv , too , 'cause i ca n't figure out how to keep it in its old place next to my ribs in this dress .
but then i 'd have to leave the ladder in place and somebody might spot it in the morning before i had a chance to go out and stash it .
when i get back to the school , i slide behind the bushes and find that my rope is still in place and i get up it quickly , and then , when i ' m on the rungs , i untie the bowline knot and sling the rope over my shoulder and climb up to my room .
the lad follows my glance over to john thomas who has resumed his place by the wall and is glowering at the young man with very little love in his eye .
besides , there was n't a place in his car to put my bike .
he held a magazine low at his side ; two fingers keeping his place .
he slid the half empty mug away from him and crossed his hands upon the table in its place .
he said , putting another box into place .
the room had been cleaned ; everything positioned neatly into its own place .
when i provoked him ... . one movement out of place ... a single cell triggered by fear and it will all be over .
i scan the den and the kitchen one last time , checking to see if everything is in place .
she stands in front of it with me , checking herself out , making sure all of her spikes are in proper place , pressing each one between her thumb and index finger .
as i go to grab my bags , i notice something out of place sitting on the little round table by the window .
if the traitor finds out that we 're onto him or her , and you have no plan in place to trap it , it will kill every last one of you .
just please be careful to put the pillows back in their place and avoid mussing the sheets . ''
kishmish was perched in his usual place on his master 's right horn , and spread out on the desk were trays of teeth and small chests of gems .
she just shrugged , kissed karou on the forehead , and tacked up the drawing in a place of honor .
kaz 's sexy vampire vixen to a t , black cape and all , and she was , most inconveniently , wedged into karou 's intended hiding place .
it settled back into its place at the base of her throat .
` ` okay , '' she said with a sigh , and madrigal spilled her wishbone from her cupped palm so that it settled back in its place , where her clavicles met .
honey sweets and sin berries , and roasted birds for their ravenous appetites , and always they remembered to take the wishbone from its place in the bird 's breast .
after they were settled in their places , she said , ` ` i saw razor earlier . ''
even the wall brackets had been pried away , so she could n't just find another beam and slot it in place .
karou 's sob escaped and her face found the place it wanted , against issa 's neck where human flesh transitioned to cobra hood - the odd mix of warm and cool that karou had known since she was a child and issa had held her on one hip , rocked her to sleep , played with her , taught her to speak and sing , loved her and been half a mother to her .
the serpent - woman uncoiled from her place in front of the door and gave a little hiss of exasperation when she saw the needle stuck through karou 's earlobe like a fishhook .
still , the vivid green of the grass- where the grass is actually managing to assert itself through the dirt - seems out of place .
now there 's the sound of shuffling , of guns being loaded and straps being snapped into place .
that night raven builds a fire and places blue next to it .
a second later the iron cover slides into place .
my heart flips a little as i hear her slide a lock into place .
my palms are so sweaty i can barely return the book to its place .
as tack and pike place the bodies down on the ground , near the fire , two faces are revealed : one old , dark , weather - beaten ; a woman who has been in the wilds for most of her life , if not all of it .
` ` did you find a place for the backpack ? ''
the loose bones shook free from their places .
they looked so out of place , lapping at the jagged dark stone that stretched from floor to higher than the eye could see .
i glared at him from my place on the golden slab .
when i was in place , i dug my fingers around a scale to keep from falling off .
when they finally fell to their normal place , she re - crossed her legs and put her hands in her lap .
his hand flew forward as i drew my dagger , untwisting the stone from its hidden place .
i take my place behind the register , pull out my english reading assignment , and do n't look up until the bell on the front door jingles .
rick clips another slide in place and i peer through the microscope .
the voice sounds as if it comes from right next to me , from his usual place beside me on my bed .
look around and tell me if there 's anything out of place .
i walked toward the back , trying to see anything out of place , any clue as to what they were doing .
i noticed a bouncer place a reserved sign on the table after we were gone .
when my shirt had gotten caught , it had slipped out of place , revealing part of my mark for a split second .
you might have all the other pieces in place , but nikki will never do the century feed . ''
an important piece of cole 's puzzle had just popped into place in my head .
` ` there 's a tree out of place , '' he said .
i wonder what would happen if she woke up tomorrow morning and found everything in its right place .
everything is in its right place , and my heart wants to believe this can always be true .
everything was in place , which was n't like you at all .
there was n't a tree branch out of place .
the details for the wedding at roderick had more than likely been in place before they 'd gotten engaged , probably before charles was even born .
everything back in its right place .
things that might have rightful places around this new house , on tables and windowsills and shelves .
she set them at his place at the table , side by side next to his plate .
i could only imagine how much this scene looked out of place to her .
heck , it seemed out of place to me .
every single thing in the room was perfectly in place .
you probably just popped it out of place . ''
but even after i landed with a great stumble , and a bump of my elbow , i still was n't sure i was in the right place .
half of the cake was already in place .
i 'd waited so long that it took a second to register that all the pieces had just slotted into place .
we took our places on stage .
at the name , ari 's heart seemed to unhitch itself from its rightful place and drop into her stomach , splashing up acidic bile that lodged at the back of her throat .
he then stepped out of the circle the brothers made around nick 's body and took up his place on her other side .
she was n't surprised as charlie , jai and the red king snapped away from their places leaning against the nurse 's station .
the sultan smiled benignly down at him from his place on his throne .
a scowl found a place on her forehead but she managed a nod to ease charlie 's concerns .
gerard roe stepped back from his place at the table , drawing all attention to him .
mike frowned over at him from his place beside ari on the floor , the game controller dangling from his hand .
chapter twenty - three - blake - everything was in place and ready for the grand reopening .
there was broken glass in the family room , furniture moved , and things out of place .
dr . demarco stood in place , his hand twitching at his side .
if we forget our place , we get a bullet .
vincent shifted his desk back into place .
it sat in its place in the corner of the living room , a black vinyl cover safeguarding it .
the chaos she had encountered minutes earlier was gone , everything back in its place , cleaner than she had left it that morning .
nate asks a few minutes later when we take our places , ready for the other team to come at us .
i watched her place a hand on his shoulder and lean in , so that her br**sts - much bigger than mine - pressed against his arm .
they peeled away the ruined door , and while they hurried to get the back board in place , i stepped out and stood up .
the teachers took their seats , but the chair stayed empty as my mother took her place at the podium in the center of the long head table .
bookcases slid into walls , doors swung closed , locks slid into place , and i struggled to yell over the sirens .
` ` i 'll be standing over here now , '' preston said , taking his place beside his parents .
` ` have them sit on her until we can get a grab team in place . ''
bex stepped out of the darkened alcove by the movie theater and moved into place behind him .
the window was like a kaleidoscope , a moving , swirling mass of glass and hidden gears as i slid the blue section smoothly into place in the center of the massive frame .
macey , yelled , pushing the final piece into place , but nothing happened .
i glanced quickly down at the pile on the table , reached to finger the pieces of cool metal , the heavy springs , while my aunt talked on from her place in the center of the room .
i ... '' ` ` you fell asleep , cammie , '' dr . steve said , taking his place at the end of the leather sofa .
` ` that was self - defense , '' buckingham snapped from her place near the window .
before anyone could answer , my mother took her place at the front of the room and said , ` ` women of the gallagher academy , who comes here ? ''
` ` it looks the same , '' i said from my place by the window .
barriers slid into place over every door , blocking me off from my teachers , my school .
at first , the snow shifted slowly , settling into place .
it had been years since my mom had told me about it , put the plan into place .
her first thought was to fight , but two men were settling into place on either side of her , and kat knew it was n't an option .
from where kat sat , she could n't see a single hair out of place on the woman 's head , but marianne patted at them just the same .
` ` then push your wig back , '' gabrielle told him from her place by the windows .
` ` i still wish i had a computer , '' simon said from his place by the doors .
gabrielle was in place at the corner , and besides , they already knew the route .
then she thought about her trip to garrett 's apartment , the carefully organized shelves and perfectly straight pictures - not a thing out of place except for the pile of mail that lay discarded on the table .
he squares his body up with mine and places both of his hands on my shoulders firmly , like he 's getting frustrated .
i began to panic myself , because i knew i 'd get in trouble if i lost my place in line .
every time i cross my arms in front of my chest to keep them in one place , i lose my balance and bump into doo - doo ( who 's on one side of me ) or ofra , ( who 's on the other ) .
miranda stays close to jess 's side as we find a vacant place on the floor to sit .
jess gives me an excited look before taking her place on the stretcher .
she relocks the door , slides the security chain into place , and eyes my shorts .
marcie millar took her place on the pitcher 's mound .
typically , he arrived at the last possible moment , tying with the tardy bell , but the bell rang and coach took his place at the chalkboard and started lecturing on equilibrium .
i checked to make sure the window locks were in place .
i felt my mind being sucked inside patch 's , into all the thousands of private memories stored there , when suddenly he took my hand and slid it lower , away from the place where his wings joined with his back , and everything spun sharply back to normal .
various wooden bowls , tin cups , and utensils flanked the walls to either side of the oven , hanging in place on large nails .
i 'd just shoved it inside my bag and one - armed the chair back to its place at the desk , when the bedroom door smacked open .
i knew i should walk out , but that elusive flare of recognition caused me to hold my place .
peeling out of my clothes , it was n't until i returned my scarf to its proper place in the drawer that i noticed the black feather again .
vee took her place beside me and sucked in a long breath .
so finally , i 'd spoken to my father , king oberon , and another bridge had been constructed , this time made of stone and fashioned in place by trolls and rock dwarves .
stepping back , i glared around my room , making sure everything was in place .
` ` i sharpened them this morning , so be careful , '' was all he said , and i backed away , taking my place along the wall .
he did n't say anything as i approached , just nodded for me to take my place in line .
it seemed out of place , surrounded by complete nothingness .
with a quick glance at the giant to make sure its back was turned , we bolted from our hiding place , crossed the open aisle and dived behind the trunk with keirran .
bolting from our hiding place , we tore across the field , hearing the giant 's angry bellows grow fainter as we ran .
yael and i take our place among the masses and push into a stuffy gold hall , wending our way to a flower - covered statue of the elephant god .
i mentioned a few squats and also said if the key was still in its hiding place , and no one else was there , he could camp on the boat .
there 's a door stopper that she puts in place before we enter .
when her leg starts to hurt , i clear a place on the floor and we lie side by side next to each other .
the room is very clean , everything consciously put in a place .
the door closes very quietly and clicks into place .
eight makes a big show of peeking delicately under a rock and returning it gently to its place .
after all these years , after all the running and hiding and training , everything is nearly in place .
i try not to look at the dead girl as anu reaches above the chair and lowers a metal cylinder down from the ceiling , covered with circuitry that would n't look out of place on the inside of a rocket .
anu pauses before the cylinder is in place over my head and peers down at me .
` ` i was delighted to hear from your father last night , '' he says , flitting around the laboratory , putting monitors in place , booting up scary - looking medical equipment .
` ` the parameters are in place , '' zakos says .
nervously , i stepped forward and took my place at the campfire .
i told her to hang on and went back inside to put the two pieces of paper in a safe place before i headed out again .
there was no place on the couch to sit , so i just sat lightly on his legs .
most of his features were covered with a pair of oversized sunglasses that seemed out of place on such an overcast day .
doing as instructed , i pivoted in place .
when the dress is in place , i drop the coat and struggle with the stays .
elliott looks at his father , who smiles from his place in will 's grasp .
gears were starting to shift into place inside thomas 's head as well , almost as if a prior memory was beginning to break loose .
i am sure , jacky , that you would have been out of this place in a minute and on your way , knowing your skill at escaping confinement , but i , alas , was found wanting , and the bar stayed in place and my attempt at fleeing this madhouse was thwarted .
` ` the guns will be delivered soon and i want to see them put in place .
when we get them in place , with the help of our carpenter , mr . maccauley , i stand back and admire them .
katy sees them drop , rolls over from her place on the bow , nocks an arrow , and has that same arrow drawn and pointed at the chest of the taller of the two .
matthew and nathaniel untie moseley 's feet and lift him from the chair , leaving his hands tied behind him , and all three take their place behind the preacher .
it took nearly ten minutes , for example , to find his revolver ( it was the first item on the list ) , which was not in its usual place , the top left - hand drawer of his desk , but on the bookcase behind it .
he stabbed it into the earth and then continued , until five were thus planted , one on either side of the headstone and three more in places all roughly two feet from the freshly - turned earth of the grave .
while three men hung on to the ropes that kept the backs of the platforms against the anchor trees , the others slid four - by - four braces into place along the front edge .
` ` it may not look it , but there 's a place for everything , and everything is in its place .
` ` here , let me , '' i said , taking his place at the door .
all the men stand at their places .
i buzz the door open and there 's mr . garrett , a stack of two - by - fours on his shoulder , so out of place i actually do a double take .
stalking over , he takes his place beside jase , who surreptitiously checks his pupils and sniffs his breath .
dodge swung the door closed behind her , leaning into it until it popped into place .
everything was slotting into place .
he places a rock in its place .
i pull a tale of two cities from its place and sit down .
apparently thinking that was an invitation to join me , he pulled out the chair and plopped on the floor in its place , then held up the book .
with a wave , rowan took his place back on the beanbag .
he returned the tool he held to its place and put his helmet on .
she even looked up on the ceiling and out the classroom door , but nothing seemed out of place .
she still had to find a place for the boxes of yarn , extra blankets , too - small shoes , and board games from her old closet .
hanna pulled an extra container of sushi rolls out of her bag and set it in ali 's place .
everything looked in its place .
then she took her place at the head of the room , shut her eyes , and let out an om - like hum that sounded vaguely spiritual .
naomi 's suitcase was in a completely different place now .
her conservative gray suit looked out of place among all the tulle and silk .
mona 's birthday was this saturday , and she had almost all the party details in place .
just as she slid the electric blue pen back in its place , everything inside her started to fizz , like she was a science - fair volcano about to bubble over .
he stepped out of his place at the bar and made his way over .
scott places boxes of cheerios , branflakes , and shredded wheat in front of me .
i pull out echo 's cash and place half of it on mom 's bedside table .
beside me , mom pushes her hair into place .
there , half buried in the sand that slopes into the depths , is something that looks out of place ... a roundish , white thing ... not a clam shell , not a piece of coral ... what is it ?
i motion for davy to hoist the star 's sail , and tink takes his place on the tiller as i call up to my first mate , ` ` mr . tanner , make all preparations for getting under way .
now the chains are in place only at the sides of the channel , to direct all traffic down the middle and so into the range of the guns .
` ` dr . sebastian , if you will show the gentlemen to their places while i change ?
` ` just those who had to know - davy and tink , for they were the ones who moved the gold from a hiding place on the bell and down to the bilges .
by the time tegan arrived , i had everything back in place .
by nightfall , we had a primitive structure in place , made of raw cut logs , and the first sentry went up to stand watch on the platform .
behind us , the heavy weight went back up in cadence with grunting men who hauled it into place .
with judicious use of our limited supplies , we employed twine , vines , and resin to fix the logs in place .
after spotting the best vantage points , i set the riflemen in place .
the brat glanced up from his place on the floor , where he was stacking wooden blocks .
tegan was distraught ; we had no plan in place for victory , no facilities for the wounded .
i pulled up against a steel wall , slapping my mobile into its place on the upper - left front of my jacket and unslinging my rifle .
he snatched a pen from its place on layton 's desk , then opened the notebook .
that glyph - the glyph of rending - was only taught at nebrask during the last year of a student 's training , when they went to maintain the enormous circle of warding in place around the tower .
the lines were wobbly , and the circle lopsided , but she 'd gotten each part in the right place .
leaving her place by the window , lady arista had come closer .
i sat down in my usual place opposite charlotte , who obviously had n't touched her toast .
the count had now left his place on the balcony , but not to sit down and rest .
they take their place on his wall just beside his bed , so he sees a portrait me when he wakes up , and also real me .
i look for warner but he has already taken his place at the edge of the courtyard ; it 's obvious he 's done this many times before .
the entire group shifts : left fists released , dropped to their sides ; right fists planted in place on their chests .
he goes weak in my grip and i ' m being ripped to pieces , my eyes , my bones , my veins all tumbling out of place , all turning on me to torture me forever with memories of the horrors i ' m responsible for .
one had a bunch of geese flying in formation and a caption that read , ` ` with a plan in place , you can go miles . ''
it was like his whole existence was a jigsaw puzzle that finally had every single piece in place .
` ` all three of you have just bought yourself a place on the mantel . ''
he quickly plunged through the living - world water , as thin to him as air , and then passed into the lake bed , toward his place on -- or rather in -- the mantel .
she surfed her way down the boulevard , until there , between convenience stores and gas stations , stood a mansion on a hill , completely out of place on the ugly urban street .
i fold the note up and put it back in its place .
he calmly returns the desk to its place in the aisle and walks back to the front of his room , grabs his things and leaves .
he texts me a minute later and ensures me the plan is in place .
he puts his hand on my shoulder to hold me still and places gauze over my eye .
i stand up and swing the chair back around until it 's back in its place under the table , then i place my hands on the table in front of him .
i ascend the steps and take my place in front of the microphone .
i walk back to the stove and place lids on all the pans to keep the food warm .
my brother 's small body lay at the feet of the cave , the dagger edged in blood from his neck slipping back into its place on the soldier 's belt .
i then heard a hissing noise and saw l roll her eyes from her place behind the tree across from me .
he halted in place , and i watched the pie pan flop to the ground , and then the rest of the pie slid down his shoulders .
gabriel slid into place next to them .
` ` well , eden , welcome to the resistance , '' avalon gave me a roguish smile and gestured widely with his arms as i took my place at his side .
` ` excuse me , '' kiran 's familiar voice nearly shouted his apology and all at once he moved from his place next to his father and towards me .
chapter fifteen ` ` eden , why do n't you put out more of those cucumber sandwich thingies and i 'll find a place for the silverware , '' aunt syl instructed carefully , while fretting over her elaborate but catered spread .
` ` if all goes as planned , caden 's team from morocco and alina 's team from switzerland will already be in place in ooty and the surrounding jungle .
that 's real great , '' avalon growled from his place by the fire place .
avalon jumped from his place on the couch , shouting .
it was n't the romantic setting , it was n't even the gigantic emerald stone kiran was taking from its place in the box and slipping onto my ring finger .
i snapped a couple quick pictures of the happy couple while jericho moved into place .
jericho asked , turning from his place at the counter and walking over to stare at me directly .
` ` well , a good cause and all , '' jericho mumbled from his place at the stove .
we walked in on a balcony overlooking the party , and as we mosied down the stairs , we watched the titans move into place .
they burned against my skin as if blasphemously out of place .
i smiled , still finding the technology severely out of place , hidden in the long folds of his robes .
i reached back down to the ladder , pulling it magically from its place and letting it crash loudly against the cave floor , the sound echoing noisily off the walls .
my feet reached the bottom of the ladder , and with no other place to step and the darkness obscuring how far the jump down would be , i hesitated nervously in place .
with a burst of magic that left my hand like a shock wave against the atmosphere , i pulled the light fixture from its lofty place and crashed it onto lucan 's desk , severing it in half , spilling lucan 's coffee all over his lap and scattering his papers .
books and splintered wood were thrown from their places as the chandelier impaled the wall instead of the titan guards who had been standing vigilant only a moment ago .
i would take his life with the same callousness that he took so many others and i would end his bloodline so that mine could rule in its rightful place .
i was too afraid to move anything from its place and disturb the careful order of the library .
out of the corner of my eye , i watched him move into place beside me and then wait to protect me from his father .
i continued to scan the apartment from my place on the couch .
out of the corner of my eye i saw avalon take his place on the base of a fountain .
` ` you 're awfully testy today , '' angelica clucked her tongue from her place in between silas and gabriel .
jericho turned from his place on the balcony with a confused look , ` ` what ? ''
i hold up a hand to warn her to remain in place , and she nods as i back away from her .
if so much as a hair on his head is out of place , i 'll know .
jude 's forearm was under tristan 's neck , holding him in place while his other hung casually at his side , holding his still - lit cigarette .
the blades looked decidedly out of place among the piles of dirty clothes and random stacks of books .
at first it did n't seem to be working , and lucien had laughed quietly from his place at the kitchen door , amused at marion 's disgruntlement and caia 's ethereal coolness .
ryder watched jaeden from his place on the twin bed next to hers , and was amazed at the feeling of peace that settled over him just by being near her , and being allowed to look at her .
a click sounded in his head as everything fell into its natural place .
6 - compartmentalizing ` ` i ca n't take much more of this man , '' ryder 's grumble reached him from his place on the floor .
jaeden meanwhile was whistling as she cleaned the axe off on the vamp 's leather duster and slid it back into place on her belt .
rose shrieked from her place up on the wall .
he closed the window , slid the bolt into place , and closed the shutters as if he lived there .
then he took his place beside the squallers at the mast , where he would help them navigate through the dark .
i took a place by the fire and ate my small portion in silence .
genya twisted a final piece of my hair into place and secured it with a golden hairpin .
i saw privyet peering at us from his place by the wheel .
sturmhond leapt down after us , then swung up onto a raised platform behind the cockpit and took his place at the ship 's wheel .
the sails billowed up and out , snapping into place high above the deck like two gigantic wings .
until he had more of his own men in place to guard me , i was just another soldier in the prince 's retinue .
the brothers took their places at the head of the column , and our procession was moving once again .
vasily went to stand behind the king , while nikolai took his place behind the queen .
i took my place at the center of the roof , directly between the dishes .
tolya slammed the chapel door shut , dropping a heavy wooden bolt into place .
in our places , two long snakes lay stretched out on the ground .
and of course , my bloodstone lay in its normal place against my chest .
turning to rush back out the door , i stopped in place .
dad looked up and closed the book , holding his place with his finger .
` ` saul ordered aaron to cut off the call to security and told everyone to get into their places for the jump .
i took the disk and pressed it back into place behind my own ear .
` ` i had men in place to grab the idiot .
the door closed firmly and i heard a bolt slide into place .
dad 's wok was in its usual place on top of the cabinets .
cooper looked down and gently tucked a strand of hair that was out of place behind her ear .
he drops the bags back in the same place and looks over the top of the roof at me .
the townspeople came to marvel at the wolf 's hide and jurek bid his sister rise from her place by the fire so that he could lay the horrible patchwork cloak over her shoulders .
` ` i had the jewelry maker place raised ranunculus around the top of the cuff .
a low bureau and a large lcd - screen tv sat in the place where clarice 's ratty dresser used to be .
while everything in sutton 's closet had its place , laurel 's blouses and dresses hung messily on their hangers , straps and sleeves dangling halfway off , jeans and t - shirts piled in the corner .
puzzle pieces began to slot into place .
her goddess wings drooped , her floral crown was squished and tilted , but her homecoming court sash was stil proudly in place .
laurel peered around her desk , as though to make sure nothing was missing or out of place .
char , is everything in place ? ''
my eyes were already angled down , so when those legs of divine origin settled into place beside me , i almost gave my arm a pinch to make sure i was awake .
and believe me , he knows it too , '' dallas said , watching with something that looked a lot like pride as emma took her place on the court , adjusting her knee pads into place .
she made an event of checking and adjusting her gown to make sure everything was still covered and in its proper place before answering .
i 'd never been one to be able to stand by and watch someone else crash to the ground without a net in place .
she asked , settling the frame back into its place .
the metal caught the sun as he slid the brass knuckles into place .
her head left its resting place below my chin .
i asked as we found a place on the bar .
you ca n't just squeeze yourself into a place on the couch and start drooling all over the girl .
ansel slid into place at a table and patted the empty spot on the bench beside her .
it was flattering that he even considered her worthy of second thought ; she 'd avoided looking in the mirror in the month since that night with arobynn , only checking to ensure nothing was broken or out of place .
as soon as doneval plopped into the plush cushions , four of the corset - clad girls slid into place beside him , smiles plastered on their faces .
celaena carefully shut both doors , making sure the locks remained disabled , and then returned to her place in the shadows of the cellar 's vast wine collection .
the movement was so easy that his well - tailored clothes barely shifted out of place .
celaena checked the dagger beside her on the couch , then glanced around the room for the hundredth time that evening , making sure all the concealed weapons were in their proper places .
from her place at the back of the balcony , celaena could still see as the woman in red brushed a hand down the front of her skirts .
the crown prince took up a place safely beside chaol as they walked on .
she took up a place near the archery targets ; nox joined her a moment later , and started firing his knives at the target .
he could probably see what was behind the curtain from his place on the mezzanine .
taking that as a sign that she could clear out of the ring , celaena stalked to where chaol stood and took up a place beside him .
and when she 'd come here , she 'd been foolish enough to think that chaol had put the final piece into place .
taking no notice of those onboard , she set down her sack and took up a place by the railing .
noah replied with a picture of finn and bo wrestling a keg into place in what must be noah 's backyard .
i claimed a place in front of the tv and refused to move .
perry brings the arrow to eye level and inspects the goose feather he 's just slotted into place .
he met aria 's eyes and then straightened slowly , nocking an arrow in place .
climbing to her feet , she swayed in place for a moment , waiting for a wave of dizziness to pass .
she blinked , clearing her eyes , and the ship was suddenly there , floating in place just a hundred paces away .
then brooke emerged and took her place behind the two guardians who continued their careful approach , unaware of their fallen teammate at roar 's feet .
in eight hours , when everything is in place , we 'll leave the komodo behind and take the hovers . ''
they move to their proper places .
jared comes up next to me and upon seeing it , takes an ax from its place in a bracket on the mainmast , swings back , and smashes the lock off .
higgins reaches down and pulls the napkin that was supposed to be in my lap from the tabletop and puts it in its proper place .
` ` would it be out of place for me to recommend some restraint tonight , miss ? ''
all of the guns are loaded and primed and ready to go , matchlocks in place and cocked .
there 's a great hustle and bustle about the deck as the guns are manhandled back into their regular places , cleaned , swabbed , and reloaded .
` ` just stay calm , '' she whispers as she moves into place between jeffrey and me .
i climb quickly , easily , my nerves giving me even more speed than usual , and take my place on the rock at the top of buzzards roost , legs dangling over the edge , staring out across the blue - black tangle of clouds that lies heavy over the valley .
finn showed me the supports he 'd jacked into place to hold the ceiling up when the walls came down .
from his place on the carpet , david started to stir .
he shoos them away , and they stampede to the center of the room , jostling for the best place on the floor .
he shakes his head , trying to push something - anything - about himself into its proper place , but shaking his head only makes it hurt .
they create a reasonably comfortable place for themselves among the luggage .
when connor looks back , he sees that lev 's shoulder has popped into place .
just as night begins to fall , he comes to something wholly out of place , yet wholly expected .
at last she finds a suitable spot in the storage unit for the box and sets it down gently , making sure it 's in a place where it ca n't fall and nothing will fall on it .
i duck into an alley and quickly turn back into a girl - black skirt and stockings on , vest in proper place over my white shirt , wig on head , with mantilla over that .
fresh oils squeezed out onto their proper places on the palettes , the easels set up with the paintings of the shepherd boy - or faun , or satyr , or whatever he 's supposed to be - on each .
i , however , did know that , and i rose and extended my hand , golden castanets in place at my fingertips .
then i open my paper packet of three dried mushrooms and place two of them beside the bottle , keeping the third one for myself to maybe show dr . sebastian , or mr . sackett , whichever of the two scientists i happen to meet up with first .
i gave out an evil chuckle and put the backs of my fingers under her fallen chin and gently lifted it back to its proper place .
the bible is brought around , and all concerned place a right hand upon it and swear to tell the truth , so help them god .
i grab a ratline and head for the foretop , my natural place on any ship .
she hesitates , then smiles and shakes her head , and goes back to her place with my newgaters .
i will find that on succeeding nights , that will always be his place .
mystified , he does it , and i grasp the pin and place it butt down on a bollard and lay my cutlass , blade aimed down , upon it .
i needed to have my head clear tonight so i could put my plan in place .
with her strength , pulling the brick was like sliding a puzzle piece out of place .
tobe asked quietly from her place on the bed .
eden glanced up at him from her place on the bed and their eyes met and held .
* * * staring at noah and mhairi was getting boring , so teagan had sauntered back upstairs , making sure everything was in place .
i ignored him and made sure my seat was in place after the pledge .
everything i set up is in place , except for one thing .
he pushed up the lower half as far as it would go so as to leave a place on the sill for sophie to sit .
in seven minutes every scholar was in place .
` ` he seems to have lost most of that , too , '' said van cheele , making frantic little grabs at the morning post to keep it in its place .
the stick lifted under him , and he wriggled into place on the bucket seat .
she was relieved that it was not a windy day , for everything was still in its place , every water - filled plastic cup weighed down the paper tablecloth as it was meant to .
in the living room , i discovered the blankets gavin and cole had used were folded , and the couch cushions were pushed back into place .
` ` let 's unpack and put things in their places .
i noticed with some pride the stitched - up scar on his cheek , same place as mine lay , but my gut wrenched and my heart started hammering .
i used the fire poke to hack off a bit of a fireplace log and set that in its place .
tucking my new knives into their proper places , i frowned at him .
the riders trotted back to their places and were handed up another lance .
` ` with the stones in place , they can be used to manipulate thoth 's mirror , opening a window that can peer forward and backward - both in time and space .
wordlessly , he set me a place at the barstool .
he 's on one of the chaise lounges that he must have dragged out of place to its position against the mosaic wall .
the sprinkled beetles left the paste and wandered toward the mushrooms , and several more took their place in the open shoe polish can .
pigeon had called to report that the mirror was in place .
as cole followed , from above and behind , he heard the sound of the bed sliding into place .
` ` to your places , '' aram commanded in a loud whisper .
a wagon laden with some of that oil presently waited on the road leading to the gate of west keep , casks and barrels strapped in place .
musicians took up places by the forest edge and the world filled with their violins and fiddles and flutes and drums , such beautiful , ancient music that her flames moved with it , turning into rubies and citrines and tigereyes and deepest sapphires .
aedion took up his place flanking her , shoulders back and head high , already her protector and warrior .
not a drop moved out of place , not a scrap fell on the table .
then we took our places by the door , so the pallbearers could do their work .
she slid the letter back to its place in job and squared the bible into the bottom of the case .
from his place on the flatbed , harlan said , ` ` next time i tell you to shut up , tom , you 'll shut up , or i wo n't be wasting a bullet . ''
the others were still at their places on the bench , but he had descended , coming to stand alongside her .
as paul hurried back inside , kincaid wrestled the gurney alongside the wagon , butting it in place with his hips .
it was kincaid from his place along a far wall between two mumbly denture - suckers who served as the prison house guards .
from her place by the pallet , mina was looking at her with a perplexed expression , as if wondering what all the fuss was about .
from her place on the floor , alex saw marley , long dreads still frosty from cold , swinging the mossberg 's muzzle from the ceiling and bringing it to bear on the two boys .
with no flashlight , it would be crazy to go down- he heard something shuffle off his left shoulder , tensed , swiveled , socked the bushmaster in place , then felt a surge of relief .
from his place in the middle of the kitchen , chris gave jayden a slow nod , then put a finger to his lips .
from his place opposite luke , chad muttered , ` ` yeah , well , it 's my ass to freeze , butt - face . ''
from his place close to the fire ring , buck 's head raised and cocked a question at her sudden appearance in the middle of the night , especially since she 'd kicked him out of the tent .
a sudden headache spikes right where it always does , under that lacy cranial plate the doctors screwed into place between her eyes so her brain would n't bubble out .
from its place on lizzie 's memory quilt , the glass galaxy of lush cobalt and fumed silver gleamed .
from his place directly behind chad , eric said , ` ` what ? ''
i looked up , startled by the voice interrupting me , familiar and out of place .
she was in her usual place on the sofa , but her hair was clean and freshly brushed , held neatly by a dark headband .
my notes slipped into their predetermined places above sam 's voice in the chords .
sam stepped onto my stage and helped me up before grabbing his guitar and hat and returning to his place on the bar .
during the drive , i was surprised that charlotte did n't engineer some excuse to trade seats with me so she could sit with sam - oh , i must sit near the back so i can put one hand on my tom to keep it from falling - but she seemed content to keep her place in the front .
it was a fragmented memory , entirely out of place .
everything was in place as far as i could see - blankets folded neatly beside the dormant television , watercooler filled to the top , and jugs lined up obediently behind it , waiting their turn .
grace i took my place on the sofa and tried to pretend that dmitra did n't intimidate me .
you walk into a room and you realize something 's out of place before you ' ve bothered to properly look .
from my place in the cold , dry leaves , i gestured toward victor .
he is in a half - rear before i realize it , but then he brings both his hooves down in the exact same place they left , making a mighty wall of water spray my face .
on the other side of the stall door , sean looks up and down the aisle , as if he 's scouting for a place for me to hang the jacket , but then he frowns at me as if that was n't what he was looking for at all .
sean maneuvers him into place and says , ` ` that 's as still as he 's going to get . ''
she sat perfectly straight in a chair designed for slouching , out of place behind a cheap shared desk cluttered with mismatching personal knickknacks .
` ` the things we would put into place , '' adam said .
with all of the deterioration , the elegantly symmetrical wheel did n't appear that out of place beside the shield boss .
pressing his finger on the paper to keep his place , he compared it .
he 'd not only brought two small containers of fuel additive , but also a rag to place between the gas can and his khakis ; he made the entire process look commonplace .
most of the bed was covered by strange , embroidered leggings and plaid tights running in place , but she found a place to lean her butt on the edge .
then one afternoon czerny and whelk , standing in the middle of what seemed to be a naturally formed circle of magnetically charged stones , had experimentally pushed one of the stones out of place .
in the clearing , entirely out of place , was an abandoned car .
from his place several feet away , whelk made a strangled noise .
errol gave abeke a thumbs - up from his place on the floor .
it was so out of place that it took conor a long second to realize what it was .
the ensemble marched out and took their places on the stage , just eight of them .
they clapped , delighted , and took their places near me in the circle .
he slammed the door shut , and i heard a piece of furniture move into place outside the door .
i thanked him and took it , finding a place next to the fire to sit .
` ` we no longer need to be quite so careful about making changes here- we will change everything back to its rightful place with the sword .
those days were gone forever unless i found them and restored them to their rightful places on mount olympus .
she nodded silently , taking her place at the door .
` ` in readiness for it , i must put safeguards into place to protect us all , although i know you are only concerned for your wife .
the twelfth one is in place , secured in the fifth .
if frazier was correct , all the pieces were in place and everything else was up to her .
sato looked to his right just in time to see a light green , marble square settle into place after rotating .
by doing so , you will put the pieces in place to heal the breaches in the barriers .
said claire , pointing from her place in bronwyn 's arms .
it was in a place of honor at the front of the room , in a fancy case that rested atop what had been the altar .
there was n't a shingle out of place or a broken window .
she took her place at the front of the room and faced me .
on towering shelves down labyrinthine aisles , every book and scroll his scribes had penned since the dawn days was in its place , unplundered and untouched by time .
we leaned against an ancient oak tree , watching workmen on the promontory below stack great white stones , one on top of the other , and when one stone slid into place more workmen filled the cracks with mortar .
her jointed and hair - covered limbs tapered to hands that seemed horribly out of place ; they were the hands of a beauty , with long , thin fingers and sharp , curved nails , painted a swirling opal color .
he rolled into place in the line of three men on their stomachs and positioned his gun on the sandbag .
alejo closed the door with one foot and slid the deadbolt into place .
it was cracked open , and alejo pushed the deadbolt into place after they slipped inside .
he took his place at his wife 's side and tried to focus his attention on wara .
after a moment , without looking at the many faces who had gathered here to remember her best friend , wara forced herself to put the guitar back in its place .
it was weak and lop - sided , and looked out of place on his pale face .
what a stupid place to put the keyhole , she thought , there should be a better entrance !
henry looked around the messy room ; there were clothes still on the floor and things still out of place .
a stately chandelier , which would not have been out of place in a palace , was hanging down in the centre of the room .
a gradual change took place in our surroundings and the reeds on either side gave way to tussocky humps that protruded from the boggy brown peat .
the daily paper was in the usual place on the sideboard and i picked it up to confirm the day .
the butler indicated our places at one end of the table .
i took my place in front of the altar to await chrissy .
he moves slowly back to his original place next to razz .
the stone of awareness rests in its usual place around his neck .
after swopping places with the coxswain i then had twenty minutes of reverting back to a ten year old ( i have seriously got to get myself one of these little beauties ) , but finally all good things etc etc , and we slid alongside the sea sprites accommodation ladder , where two very petite sea - persons , complete with shiny boat hooks held the riva steady whilst we disembarked and climbing up to the main deck , where i was greeted by a beaming captain hill , obviously that experience was only a sample of what was to come .
into pauls jeep again , and off we went to the main house ( via the new ramp ) and disembarked in front of a set of horrible metal doors , although paul quickly assured me that the new hand carved wooden ones would be in place before i moved in .
the next morning , as he tucked into his full english with his table pride of place in front of a hastily installed television set , he waited for his mothers first live broadcast of the day , and the black pudding was just inches from his mouth when his mothers dishevelled face lit up the screen ; and the delicacy never completed its journey .
what a pity that the only place left for helen spade to sit on was tim farmers lap .
just a few more cables to put back into place , he said with his hands still in the engine bay , i guess its time to start her up .
dim light was radiating from an out of place looking device in the middle of the desktop .
it took him the better part of an hour to cross the meadow to his designated place at the head of the table .
lilly grace along with the rest of the brides entourage had taken their places on stage next to the groomsmen to form a half circle around taylor and lilly ann .
as the avon wound down and the ladder was clipped into place i reluctantly vacated the cockpit , and then spotted teddy bearing down on me with a face like thunder , so i quickly turned my back on him , moved up to the nose of the aircraft and gave it a big fat kiss , and in a voice loud enough for him to hear i said thanks for a wonderful ride baby ; you were worth every one of my pennies .
finally everything on the ground was in place , and after a quick chat with teddy back at el campo , and one dummy approach , i committed myself to reconnecting with terra firma .
as he came to the end of the large doors he noticed a large red stone that was totally out of place , no , it could not be as simple as this he thought as he lifted it to one side , and below it , wrapped in a greased rag was a key ; obviously someone had expected to come back .
with a plan in place , i sold my house and 32 - foot express cruiser then purchased an old 30 - foot hunter sloop .
everything had fallen in place we had gone over and over every conceivable detail , we could think of and had all reached consensus .
eleven - thirty rolled around and all the preparations were in place .
he had been formulating his plans and carefully putting a rudimentary infrastructure in place yet being careful not to step on toes .
i think mr . vella has plans in place and is ready to act upon them .
from his place in the water he could not help but to admire her .
her legs felt unsteady and almost out of place but soon the feeling of stable firmness of the land returned and she walked steadily behind pierre .
finan was moving restlessly on the bed , and she reached out to touch his forehead again as eda took her place on his other side .
adele continued with the task before her and was startled when someone took edas place at the other side of the bed .
eda rose from her place by the fire and took the medicine she had made to finans bed .
when the lines of the two opposing forces were in place , field officers began barking orders to their men .
opening the book up to the northern hemisphere star chart , he held it up to the sky and rotated it until he had the big dipper lined up and all the other stars fell into place .
as they approached , they startled a large fish about four feet long from its resting place on a rock shelf .
as they proceeded along the shallow rocky bottom near the island they saw something that looked strangely out of place .
thomas felt a sense of surprised relief as he slid the brass dead bolt latch into place .
joseph picked the old rifle from its resting place on the wall and examined its mechanism .
the cabinet was easy to open but it was hung in such a way that when it was released , its own weight swung it back into place against the wall .
reaching down , i slicked my pistol from its place .
the first of the other processional marches was already too close to their position ; it would look out of place and draw too much unwanted attention if their march were to break formation any more than they had already done .
they would simply all have to trust that nikolai had some alternate plan in place for this eventuality .
as you can see lord michael the spell need only to be in place on the floors above ground , anifrig said , still smiling , if you will follow me , and she began to walk down the stairs , after first ensuring the door was closed and bolted behind them .
the silver coyote let go with a yipped reply before the three returned to their places ; princess on the porch , and midnight and duke wherever sidney was .
the colors began to coalesce , and flow into their proper places .
sluv stood and took his place behind the podium and rapped sharply .
the oarsmen are in place and all the people are on board , garish said .
bearl and geron descended the ladder and took their places in the boat .
then bearl took his place at the rear of the boat to watch and rest to spell another man .
the king withdrew his scabbard from its place on the wall and belted it on .
he asked , but she remained in place , eyes transfixed on the screen .
then they told him to jump twenty times on his standing place , and measured his hearts pounding and blood pressure .
things long worked for were falling into place .
prissi scrolled and found her files and folders in place .
joe arranges the body so that bob toms head is held in place by the vee of the bow and his legs hang over the first of the boats three thwarts .
the rock fair has hurled smashes into his shoulder in exactly the same place where prissi has hit him .
the mechanism for that campaign was already in place and awaiting her discovery .
when they arrived back at the camp , the two unpacked and put the equipment away in their proper places before going in , despite the pain , because that was how it was done .
when considered logically , it did nt appear any more out of place than anything else .
the gold bullion will be given to the iraqi government once it is in place and stable .
after looking around carefully and deciding the sheet was virtually undetectable , he ducked under and pulled the sheet into place .
consider it done , then , he said , and then moved back to his place on the sofa to stretch out and think .
jimmy and the other boys began to walk slowly around the edges of the wreckage , hesitant to step on the out of place ashes .
echo absolutely understood the importance of stopping the creature and whatever plan it had in place .
kenslir had just gotten the earpiece in place .
tables and chairs , loungers , and large umbrellas lay on their sides , or pushed out of place by the mad stampede .
one was actually trying to pass another on the overcrowded taxiway dad was in his usual place when i found him ; standing just outside the main engine room hatch of broad arrow , milords personal yacht .
it was impossible to hear any more battle - sounds through our hull , but just then another rolling series of detonations took place , the last one severe enough to knock me off of my feet if i had nt already been strapped in .
better still , a facade connection , to make it look like his lab is up and running , can be put in place .
hs1 took up his place near the top of the stairs on the second floor , immediately making connection with the eye in the washroom .
one evening , after they had been in ireland a month and it was cold even in the middle of the day , they moved to their usual places in front of the fireplace after dinner .
she returned to her place in bed , watching him .
once gavin and aidan are in place , they should be able to take out at least a dozen .
we timed it so that we had fresh magazines in place before they came back for more .
as for me , it turns out i have a concussion , santino concluded , that fact quickly becoming more evident as he started swaying in place , forcing him to reach out and brace himself against the wall .
if you will please , have someone place that large piece of fruit on the highest level of the arena , at the farthest end .
are you referring to that small brick i saw your very large man place on the column ?
at 0430 tomorrow , hunter and santino will accompany agrippina to rome and rescue nero , as well as place c4 around key areas along the walls and gates .
and maybe she really liked me as if on cue , helena entered the tent , removed her duty gear , and slid into place beside me , but kept even more distance than normal .
on the last row sat a tattered group , out of place with the rest of this congregation .
that day hell bitch was fine during the curry - combing and hoof - cleaning , did nt nip at us with her huge teeth as we put a blanket on her and cinched a saddle into place .
how many times i heard him say the person responsible should double - check to make sure everything important was in its place ?
haleton connected the battery pack , placed a drill bit in place and commenced to drill a small hole in the top of the tomb .
chris spent a few minutes mesmerized by images of the grand ship , fully restored now , its sails wrapped and its rigging in place .
chris watched as the amphibious crane moved into place , knowing that men on shore were now carefully attaching the crane to the booms .
turning the corner , he saw the large screen hung in its usual place , at the end of the green nearer the church .
chris was also there the day the wheel was installed , and the day the massive rudder was attached to an overhead crane and lifted into place .
evidently it was not in its accustomed place , for he explored ever nearer and nearer the wall where tarzyn stood .
the others saw the cunning of the suggestion , and so the trench was lengthened to accommodate the corpse , and in the center a deeper hole was excavated for the box , which was first wrapped in sailcloth and then lowered to its place , which brought its top about a foot below the bottom of the grave .
dusk was falling , and the interior of the cabin was very dark ; but the woman could see the latch moving from its place .
then from the other side of the attic another light sliced through the far window , obviously yet another helicopter flying into place .
working on the soft meadow , no sooner were the feet in place than adding trusses or guides would cause one or two of them to sink or slip , necessitating re - bolting and re - alignment of components .
swann stepped forward as tobie , still muttering defensively , edged away to his accustomed place beside koskinen .
he now took his place on the right side of the column .
swann looked around as ealhstan clambered into sutton 's place next to the entry .
nance slid the bolt into place .
the gate bolt was still in place on the inside .
as he put things into their places he wondered how ryu and cross where doing and of course if they had found anything at all .
torches made of rush and soaked in oil lit the way and we d place one in the scones as we passed to mark our way and give more light .
i cleaned her and fed her and gave her a place by the hearth and the next day took her into town to see if anyone knew her .
back to contents the second night i had the men sleep during the day , no real effort after last nights work , and so when the sun approached the western horizon , erik woke all and we were in place and ready .
with a lot of shouting and some pushing , i got the shield line in place and then we marched forward , killing as we did , ignoring the headless corpses at our feet .
instantly rica had the thought that he was one of those people who had a place for everything and everything was in its place .
we need time to get things in place .
the onur were seated at the queens table , nab was placed at her right , in his brothers rightful place .
often , lying half - torpid , in the late hours of night or in the early grayness of dawn , i had seen women and men steal into the temple , whose dress and bearing were strangely out of place and incongruous .
the door gave one final mighty groan , before settling into its resting place .
as to the gentlewoman , she resumed her place at the window , and surveyed the crowd with a certain impatience , evidently annoyed by their remaining undispersed .
athys , without saying anything , emptied her pockets , got together all her jewels , purses , aiguillettes , and gold chains , and offered them all to porthys ; but as to the sword , she said it was sealed to its place and should never quit it until its mistress should herself quit her lodgings .
however , the revolution which appeared upon her countenance was so visible that bonacieux was terrified at it , and she endeavored to draw back a step or two ; but as she was standing before the half of the door which was shut , the obstacle compelled her to keep her place .
the matter was all explained to her , and the friends gave her to understand that among all her high connections she must find a place for kit .
what had taken place during this long sleep ?
once in place he waited , i can only assume for the thalach to detect and recognize his scent .
catching a glimpse of something out of place ahead , i slowed to a walk and examined my surroundings .
we must keep our places , so we can look after things , as well as after our late masters only daughter .
but then again , the whole house was out of place .
henrik racked his brain , trying to shuffle all the pieces of his elaborate yarn into place .
the table was set with simple plates and utensils as was their custom ; everything in its proper place .
long ago it was separated from the cane , and the time has come to return it to its rightful place .
everything had its place and nothing was overlooked .
they each took a place on the ground near the low brush .
in front was a steep cliff - face ; to the right a cluster of trees seemingly out of place in the rocky landscape .
mr . clancy moved along and bumped into seika unexpectedly and quickly gasped , frozen in his place .
they pushed it back into the wall , and the perfectly fitted block of stone slid into place .
the satellite cameras switched places as another platform came into better alignment and jay - ls computer automatically centered the best available shot .
his hair was slightly disheveled , but the thick grey strands did nt stray far from their usual place of residence .
with this in mind he doubled up his bow and stern lines and checked to make sure his fenders were in the right places .
there was no sign of any robbery , nothing seemed to be missing or out of place and the safe in the study was intact .
his exit strategy was in place , the building blocks put in place several years before .
once in place they helped the two men in the truck unload the equipment covered under a tarp .
it was quickly hoisted up on deck on its skid and two wheeled into place in the mess .
once all this is in place , which should happen within the next couple of hours , i want to identify all the cctv cameras both on and around the docks with their links .
his mind had been churning ever since he put his head down after having assisted david and the commander put everything necessary in place .
they re going to start test drilling shortly so we have to have everything in place .
in about half an hour were going to take down the house in whitechapel and the warehouse in kings cross , i m just waiting to hear that everything is in place .
logan waved me back to my place by the column , nursing his arm .
the jacket , stolen from the unknown courtier that morning , was too big for him , and it hung limp about his frame in several places .
i tightened my belt and ensured my knife was in its place .
taking his place at the head of the table , destro looked out at the assembled group and paused a moment before speaking .
the rest of team 2 is already in place to cover them .
how long until we need to be in place ?
he handed it to the sergeant major and returned to his place at the window .
everything stood in its proper place : the orange log walls , the brown bearskin rugs , and the antlered heads of stags on the walls .
her belt and holsters were still on and , as the man returned with her guns ( ducking into the circle only long enough to hand her the guns before quickly jumping back as if it burned ) , henri slid her shining guns into their rightful place .
the building had several hitching posts , to which more than two dozen horses were currently tied and mulling in place , but no people were in sight , not even stragglers , no one under the long , arching awning that surrounded the structure on all sides , and it was accompanied by a blanketing silence as they approached .
her belt and holsters were still on and , as a man returned with her guns ( ducking into the circle only to quickly jump back as if it burned ) , henri slid her shining guns into their rightful place ? though the crowd and winds and panic caused a blanket over the sound she so dearly loved , gun metal sliding along leather .
at his far left he saw the support teams in place .
example three : on his first official couple date with sabrena ken rented out a restaurant and had waiters place on each table a portable tv which was playing each one of sabrenas favorite movies .
jumping from the truck lady took her place beside the captain as they ran through the rain up the walkway to the porch .
the two men walked to the shed behind the ponderosa and backed the nash rambler station wagon out of its parking place .
the captain thought , they are at this exact moment , putting the final plans in place to kill president kennedy .
the police had just begun to block the intersection , but he had blown through the barricade at the corner of elm and houston before it was in place .
he was meticulous in everything he did - a place for everything and everything in its place .
i know , for a fact , the word mk - ultra was written on a napkin in jack rubys place by one of the cosa nostra guys .
as the captain was beginning to close the barn door , a though occurred to him back inside he ran he had to relieve the hat from its resting place on the nail .
he thought he still had a vertebra out of place , and a kidney , which seemed to be out of sorts .
i d overheard him asking his steward to remove the portrait of emma hamilton from its place in the great cabin and keep it safe .
the books were in the same place as i had lifted them ( the teach- er rarely tidied his desk .
it was a good job that none of them believed hitler to be a worthy recipient and they agreed to leave all traces of their find in place reporting nothing of the find on their return to germany .
you can come in with our group if you like i vould like zat very much the group led by one of the adults began the short journey to the caves entrance , a guide rail had been put in place and a timber stair case which led them down into a large cavern .
richard looked about the deck ; there was no one to appeal to and he had no option but to clamber down the bosuns ladder and take his place on an oar .
on earth , cruise ship modules were easier to control because gravity was a solid , predictable force and a good crane operator could quickly bring the massive segments into place .
she strolled over to her place at the middle of the table and set her tablet down , picking up her coffee mug and cradling it in her hands .
i picked it up to return it to its place on the shelf but my curiosity got the best of me .
he found himself a hiding place next to the now hidden cave entrance , squatted down , and began an alert vigil for any and all possible intruders .
the dog sniffed upward from its place under the table and slunk off to the den .
sleep well , he said with his customary cheerful smile , white teeth shining out from his neatly trimmed beard , and walked over to his place by the fire .
he was a step closer to making his way back to his rightful place beside his mother .
the girl and tomaz switched places , the girl taking position beside the door in the shadows , and tomaz approaching the prince , grabbing the chains that were holding him in place .
he could claim credit for the tracking spell , claim he knew that it was in place , that he did nothing , and in doing so helped his brother to overthrow the exiled kindred , to reclaim the final piece of the empire .
the talisman that my mother bestowed on me allows me to sense his arrival , and it is my belief that he has in place a tracking spell that is leading him straight toward us and through your lands defenses .
if a tracking spell is in place , ramael would be able to track us even through your enchantments .
the stone bridgeways connecting the walls were cut off as soon as the kindred passed , portcullises with giant metal spikes rolled into place to prevent the empires soldiers from following .
darin could see places for at least twenty seated oarsmen ; they would not have to rely on favourable winds to get them home .
the man said breathlessly , commander ( cough ) the package is in place .
the bombs would be in place in four to five hours , and by then he would be a rich man .
as a rolling ladder was wheeled into place , the pilot , dressed in his flight suit , climbed up pegs extended down the side below the cockpit then stepped over the edge under the raised canopy and down into the front seat .
as the front team moved into place , two men were partially concealed behind a shrub on the north side of the stoop when the front door opened .
waiting one second too long , the princess loses her opening as the man scoops his helm up from its temporary resting place beside the pedestal , and forms a glyph beneath himself .
the entire temple shakes momentarily before returning to normal , but unfortunately for the boy , the gigantic staircase leading to the next room breaks in several places as a steady flow of water pours up through the broken sections .
do nt look so good , the goron retorts , looking him over briefly before returning the necklace to its proper place .
glancing around curiously , he finally spots an out of place blotch on the pale , green ceiling that is a deep black .
long before reaching the apex of his ascent , another magical platform warps into place above the gerudo as he flips upside down and comes to an abrupt stop .
a deeply embedded arrow wobbles back and forth as she runs , firmly establishing its place within her thigh .
on the second circuit she turned her attention to the walls of the buildings as she passed , but again nothing seemed out of place .
she did n't want to risk snapping the metal before she was ready to climb , so she pushed a couple more knives into place higher up the wall .
` ` take as long as you like , '' he reiterated as she settled herself on the seat of the boat and slotted the oars into place .
wary of the uneven ground , she crawled forwards until she reached the wall , then stuck one of her tarasanka throwing knives into the ground to mark her place and began a slow circuit of the space in which she 'd found herself .
the derrotero could be real because there were numerous grammatical mistakes , misspelled words , and punctuation marks that were out of place while the grammar in his fake derrotero had been perfect .
catalina watched eric and chris each place a gun into their shoulder holsters .
she was then ordered to regain her place and pick up her scanned backpack .
she kicked the stand into place and leaned the bike so it would rest near a small wall .
above the fireplace was a framed picture , positioned in a place of honor .
carved into the stone it looked odd , out of place .
i carefully checked each room in the unit , which did nt take long , but i found nothing out of place or missing .
two key events had taken place directly affecting the lives of countless valirons , and yet no official statement had been released .
the drivers door swung open , and tork took his place behind the controls .
observing through squinting eyes , the two halves , that were revealing this monumental opening , slowed before clunking into place .
the exterior walls of the spacecraft were up , but lines of cables and electrical lines were being fed into dials , controls , and hydraulics already in place in the cockpit areas by the scientists .
on the middle cubes , we only need five walls ; the sixth is already in place from the last cube .
over dinner that night , jonesy happily told vin that every single one of the hundreds of thousands of rivets were still in place , which meant that they had nt over - flown the aircraft yet .
you will have twelve hours to get yourselves to the russian satellite , place astermine one onto one of the docking ports , dock the shuttle onto the second docking port , and nobody should see you there once you turn the system off .
she touched down lightly on the runway and taxied the c-5 to its usual place on the apron .
a week later vin waved at the same police cruiser in its usual place after picking up colonel pringle , a tall extremely good looking pilot , a bit younger than maggie .
then michael would get a second panel ready and move it into place slowly next to the first panel .
maggie was not shy with the power this time , and they left the crater floor at 95 percent power and shot up into space 200 feet before she reduced the thrusters to 20 percent power and brought the craft in to the same landing place next to the canisters .
it seemed out of place since there were no other stumps around .
any thoughts that seem out of place ?
my thoughts for the last two whole weeks have been out of place .
angell ran into her room , making sure that everything was at its place and no one entered in .
after the girls took their place right next to the bride , at the chapel , finally sabrina arrived , very emotional , taking dorisss arm , who was sharing the same feeling like her .
after that angell took a place with the barefoot in the middle of the flowers , turning her face to the moon .
yes , i took care of it , everything with its place .
alongside , under the falls , the crew wrestled the heavy blocks of the hoisting gear into place and the boat rose clear of the water .
he looked at his watch ; within the hour he and his men would have to be up there , above the ship , ready to hoist the netting into place .
they had spent the whole day moving their equipment and hauling the heavy net into place .
keeping one eye on the still distant e - boat he eased the branches into place one by one .
the english seamen shouldered their machine pistols and moved to their places by the barges mooring bollards .
* * * grant looked astern , he could just see all his charges in place , hoggs boat brought up the rear .
reaching the front of the lorry they dropped it into place .
minefields for instance , always a thorn in clandestine operations , they took time to put into place .
* * * the extra sandbags had been a wise precaution on the part of the petty officer , an hour of steady work had barely elapsed , the seamen were putting the last of them into place when the german snipers returned .
in their wake other seamen appeared dragging a gangway between them , with greys men giving what assistance they could from the overcrowded jetty , it was dragged into place .
he could see a group of three or four men moving about just aft of her bridge structure ; petty officer stones first armed guard were also in place .
he was looking at a professionally executed and pre - planned ambush , either that or a defensive position that had been in place for some time .
he took his place on the couch and looked up at her ceiling fan as it spun .
castler was the last to don the mask and nodded to karen once it was in place around his head .
after the sentries were in place , the observation covered about two miles in either direction , up and down the river .
they were a curse upon the land that was out of place and did not belong , but yet it was unavoidable .
these people took their places in the square .
they were still on top of the mound , and from their resting place they could see the goings on of the village below .
odd shapes took their place just outside the perimeter of the firelight .
when they arose from their places by the fire , they appeared as living corpses .
brian took his place in front of the portal , exactly as he had done last february .
it had returned to its normal state and color , and it was , once again , resting in its place on the stage .
they delivered us to the orb , which once again was nestled in its resting place , and loosening their grip ever so slightly , they put each of us in front of our own stone slab : the same one we stood in front of during the first ceremony .
true to his name softfoot had come silently from his hiding place on the ground from the dark side of the fence in the green yard .
he watched as the old man prodded the bricks with his cane , stirring the lizards from their hiding places .
and from his safe place behind the tree trunk he heard the mans stomach growl the hungry sound so he knew his friends were in serious trouble .
the following morning thadeus was back in place , counting the young squirrels as their parents pushed them out of their holes in the ground .
* * * * cheza had gone to the bathroom to return her panties to their rightful place and had come back while i was lost in my memory .
i think its safe to say that you spooked him , muttered george from his place on the far side of yoshi .
amy was speaking to yoshi from her place next to shawna on the floor .
dude , mumbled dave from his place next to jamie , do ya think shell ever actually practice with us when we go ta the park ?
between his words , the murderer grabbed his ninja - to from its place on his back and nudged the blade belonging to yoshis father toward her with his foot .
exclaimed shawna from her place at the front lab table .
he grumbled as he pulled both pair of his nunchaku from their places on his belt and assumed a defensive stance .
` ` jamie raleigh , '' he said as he placed the chain over his student 's head , letting it fall into place around his neck , ` ` it is with great honor and pride that i admit you as a chunin to the funakoshi ninja clan . ''
stepping out of her place in the circle , she walked determinedly past jamie .
the thing is , the star that belongs to your family has disappeared and you need to find and return it to its rightful place in the heavens .
do nt worry , they are fine , but in order to return your familys divine star to its rightful place , you need to carry out a task , or to be more precise put something right .
once they got back to their cabin they noticed that although their things had been very tidily folded they were not in the place where they had left them , nevertheless nothing seemed to have been tampered with .
our ship was trying to carry out negotiations to ensure that the divine stars ' energy that has been stolen would be returned to their rightful place .
the star , the familys divine star had been restored and was now shining in its rightful place in the firmament where god himself had placed it .
a hit drew loud cheers , and the triumphant archer ran to take his place at the end of the line .
when she came back , jones had rolled up the sleeping bags , but remained in place .
if not for the broken chain on the gate and a few things out of place , it would be hard to tell that anyone had ever come and gone .
after marveling over the exquisite craftsmanship of the small statue , melody carefully returned it to its place on the shelf .
the speed loader released all of the cartridges simultaneously to fall into place in the revolver 's chambers .
all of the ' neighbors ' were in their usual places .
i ' m going to sit right here dangling the gps over this bucket until i can see you in place .
he carefully returned the binders to their places on the shelves .
chapter 30 hermalkins luck while matilda and her crew were busy the next day putting the finishing touches to their video , the wizard was making sure that everything was in place for the invasion in the early hours of the following morning .
now that everything has been restored to its rightful place i would wish that we could resume the natural order .
unable to get to the bathrooms , they simply threw up in place .
he took a place behind the pilots and plugged into the intercom so as to monitor their conversation .
jason uses his hand to signal his squad forward and walks in a crouched posture towards jack 's place holding his long barreled pistol at the ready with both hands .
as warrior lands , she blinks her eyes , the pupils returning to their normal place .
on every other side , smooth rock walls and enormous boulders rose around astralis , nestling it into its place as if to protect itor hide it ? from the rest of the world .
focusing all his energy , feeling the warmth , he swiped the ball from its resting place with the flat of his hand , bouncing it off the wall at the far side of the room .
all you have to do now is place this map on the story mat and your adventure can begin .
jay bit his lip and shuffled in his place before saying , i m only coming because you re going to take me back !
every slice of chicken was in the exact place he imagined it .
hollie did nt move , she just stayed in her place .
jay took his place under the door they were trying to catch , while jordan , claire and broudie ran to the other three .
the beaters had taken their places and started moving forward slowly though the long grass .
the three of them moved toward a small door set behind the dais , and jackobs fox rose from her place beside the throne to follow them .
byron pressed his attack , aiming at her stomach and then right shoulder and left knee , but aislynn 's staff blocked each attack easily as it snapped into place .
he dressed carefully , not wanting anything to be out of place .
the musicians were tuning their instruments and warming up next to the dais at the far end of the room , and tarren was already in place on his throne , ready to preside over the event .
eryk and branden took their places at the foot of the dais , and eryk indicated to the herald at the door that they were ready to begin .
byron shut the door and took a place beside and slightly behind aislynn , carefully on the other side of her from cheta .
oh joy , eryk thought , as he turned and took his place at the kneeling pad that was waiting for him .
looking around quickly , aislynn could nt see anything unusual or out of place , and she moved into the bedroom for a quick examination of that area .
perhaps she and byron should have a contest with axes one morning , she mused , returning the weapon to its place .
he quickly spurred the stallion after aislynn , and his guardsman fell into place behind him .
shed thought that she had been careful not to leave anything out of place , but what happened ?
damn it , the third man swore , leaving his place by the door .
claw draw something in the air and all the stuff float , going to their proper places as they danced to the sway of the wizards hands .
she put back his hand to its resting place after she had bandaged the wound .
a throne of gold was place at the center of the hall , resting over the raised podium in between two pillars .
she carried a long black ski bag that seemed as out of place as the entire scene did , destruction and all .
the more observant ones , able to shift their eyes from her exotic beauty noticed the off - season black ski bag slung across her shoulder , far too early to be useful and especially out of place combined with the white blouse and plaid skirt that barely reached the girl 's knees .
every two liter and glass bottle was gone , but the cans , which seemed to be the reason for the sale , were stacked unsteadily in their place in the warm fridge .
eventually the chanting ended , and truhud hung his brilliant cloak aside and returned to his place in the circle .
only then did he pick up the high - cantled spanish saddle and swing it into place , making sure it was well up against the big stallions withers .
it is good , cha said , pouring powder and ramming a ball into place , a good place for a trap .
air support was requested and awac aircraft were ordered into place for airspace deconfliction and communication support .
she attended a board meeting called for attendance by all department heads no apologies and delegated responsibility , her father looked on with interest , he stopped nothing his only sibling put in place , he wondered but knew his daughter well .
the nobleman vaulted onto the horse , pulling the animal into place .
and his heart was still lodged in his throat , despite his best efforts to force it back down to its proper place .
as we broke through the trees to enter our meadow , valiant barked from his place beside the sheep pen and came running to meet us .
i resumed my place on the stool .
i bent to slide papas crossbow back into place and grabbed the repeating crossbow , slinging its strap over my shoulder .
a few women gasped and clutched at their throats as he bounded from his hiding place in the forest .
at least he could rest and eat , while i had to stand and sit in place for celia like a marionette .
so he notices when something is out of place .
a lifelong project begins because the waters constantly pulling some of the dirt from those levees back in so machines are operated to scoop up the dirt and put it back in its proper place .
alas , it was nt to be and my other hope was dashed when i noticed trudys clothing had also disappeared from their resting place on her chair .
by the time george and vivian arrived back at my apartment we were all settled in my living room with phillip , trudy and me sitting on the floor while the two zombies took their rightful places on my soiled and unusable futon .
the egg - drop soup covered the entire range - top and my toaster oven , which i d picked off the floor those many hours ago , was now back at its rightful place in my sink .
horns ten feet wide and eyes the color of steel this massive bovine strides out of the locker room after giving his impassioned pre - game speech and takes his rightful place in the end - zone daring just daring ! ...
in fact , there was no formality whatsoever , only a procession of superiors walking in silence and either sitting in chairs or standing on the dance floor until the leading ladies of terror finally entered , walked to their respective places at the leaning - rail , looked out and said we rule the ramos own the occupation the queen of darkness said and an immediate hum began .
i was contemplating the situation as we returned to our reserved standing places at the edge of the giant dance floor and did nt like what i was coming up with .
the automatic alarm would have one of his commando teams in place in minutes .
that really loud , really fucking loud , horn that the ship has - ill place something heavy on the button so it continually sounds until the ships batteries are drained .
once the butcher was in place , vuk stashed the axe inside a tent and moved out on to the helipad , his arms held high and palms out to demonstrate that he was unarmed .
it seemed out of place amongst the granites forming the bulk of the cave .
he moved the papers on the short cabinet to the floor and set the basket in their place .
melina bann appeared and took her place at the base of the throne as court raleigh spoke .
thorn was only a few feet away from where they were standing , in a place of prominence before the throne , court raleigh , and the amber bones gang .
len dietrich had wanted his army in place before the browning trade caravan came through webster grove ; thorn postulated that court raleigh was following the same time - table .
the weapons were in their proper place , having been moved from the cave and hidden inside david scontz tent .
thorn , however , was not in his proper place .
in order to be in place at webster grove before the trade caravan came through , they would need to leave within a few hours .
at prince darin 's fortress near the harbor , the elves were floating the last of the massive stones into place on top of the fifty - foot structure .
she thought she had left it running when she departed the cave months before , but somehow , the fountain had shut down , and the rocks returned to their proper place .
send your men to their places .
by nightfall the wind had fallen to a breeze , the clouds had cleared and it was a beautiful clear , starry night and the ship went back to anchor in the same place as before , followed by victoria .
they breed large cocks and place spurs on their legs and make them fight to the death against one another .
although carvalho sat in his usual place at the head of the table , elcano opened the attack upon him , still furious over the debacle in brunei .
they ignored the express lift whose shiny steel doors looked so out of place set into age - worn stone .
marcellus strapped his son in the back , leaning over the backrest from his place in the front passenger seat .
are the cameras all in place ?
a lock of her golden hair had fallen out of place and rested across her forehead .
` ` i 'll need at least one night to get my stuff into place . ''
think we can get it down there and in place without being seen ? ''
he followed his hosts and shut the front door , threw the bolt in place and as a show of thanks cillian nodded and meeka smiled .
meeka began chasing at a slow and equal place .
meeka put on clothes , put her leather thigh strap away , slid on her boots and slid the knife in its proper place .
it took hours to move the tired troops into place for the attack , and the american commanders underestimated the force it would take to defeat the germans and therefore did not use their full strength .
angelique hesitated only a second before resuming her place between drew and dane .
i would think the cruise ship owners could get together with the locals and have them offer something different for people traveling with children who get quite bored when they ve seen the same thing on three previous the top of the pyramid was the key and as long as they controlled the tip everything below would fall into place .
things began to fit in to place .
defensively he said , yeah but amys room his voice stopped short as an instinctive penny rolled around his mind and dropped squarely into place .
the lads took their place on stage .
he took his place at the head of the table ignoring the now tepid champagne .
the guests settled around the table , and mary took her place at the head .
a couple chairs were turned over , and desks were moved out of their places .
carol stood in the doorway and took measure of the stranger : dark hair with a little grey , a long fur coat , matching gloves and elegant earrings ; quite out of place in this modest neighborhood .
once in place , raven and kayo use special night - sensory goggles to detect the terrorists actual positions .
kayo moves forward to take ravens place before the crowd .
by the turn of a dial on the wall behind her , she raised the lights a shade and enthusiastically skipped to stand at her place in front of the long , white dry - erase board to which all the furniture faced .
kerou walked from her place center - stage in front of the class to her desk where she climbed up onto it and sat with her legs folded under her .
trecille slipped into a roll of laughter and fluttered her arms up and down the table , knocking the dishes and silverware out of their places .
the devices lifted from their places and flew through the windows to take shape as a robotic army on the battleground below .
the stones ' halves came back to their place in the ground and revealed shadow minnie smashed flat and sparking .
their places adjacent to the silence of the city through the window reminded trecille of the first night steffennie stood on the balcony outside and was in awe of the fact that she was able to call such a beautiful home hers .
from beneath the table , samuel watched shiptons worn leather boots and grubby trousers trudge across the room towards his hiding place .
he d already found himself a place at the foot end of the bed and was nestling down for the remainder of the night .
mary found a place at the edge of the bed near to alice and quickly fell asleep .
he checked for the missing floorboard where he 'd found the hidden stone , but all of the boards were back in place .
mary finally had both oars in place .
for a moment , i had the unsettling image of two chairs the original one still in place and the other one into which he sat .
boris looked at us from his place near the saucer ; giddeon spied something under the table , and held his hand out to me .
before that , he had pointed us into the wind and there was a minor amount of luffing ( a nautical word for the flapping around of a sail in the breeze ) as the canvas went into place .
on the putting green , when i pulled the pin from the cup and let it fall to the earth , it took an extraordinarily long time for the fiberglass rod to complete the arc and settle into its temporary resting place on the emerald surface .
after we had everything in place , i checked the sound , and then sang three songs behind my guitar .
i looked around for a pack of matches , then mechanically reached into a top drawer and found them in their place , next to the rubber bands .
when the tears came again , in fits and starts , he reached across and patted her knee ; always removing his hand back to its resting place .
most boats that size make use of a bucket and a piece of rope or a porta loo from the local chandlers if they want to go posh , but they had me fit a really flash electrically operated one in the bow , that would be hidden away for the majority of the time under the bow bunk , if i had spent that amount of money on it i would mount it pride of place in the centre of the cabin and charge anyone to use it .
they had manoeuvred it into place in 1932 and it had nt moved since ; the original paint is on the wall behind it and the original varnish on the floor underneath .
i held my place in the line .
this then was the plan that had been put in place and which the thousands of men , including me and my friends , would give our freedom to for the next few years , and possibly even , i realised , our lives .
i tried to focus on the youth , but could not when next i awoke and saw sam sitting in his usual place , he turned to look at me , putting his hand into the fire once again .
it read , plaza juan pablo ii , john paul ii plaza and place jean - paul ii respectively in a circular pattern .
a bit out of place , i suppose , but then what is the eiffel tower ?
` ` do n't these trees seem a bit out of place ?
bobby cocked the hammer back and put a cap into place .
on all sides were stretched the tense white surveyor strings , their clean straight lines out of place in the construction disorganization of the site .
each shard found its place , piecing together the dome till it reformed .
it seemed to be out of place , and when opened , it appeared to be full of cash money , us green .
his trailblazing led them across the field , around a multitude of thorny obstacles and several out of place boulders until their destination finally came into view .
when they finished shuffling into place , mr . miller called to andrew , give me about three hours and do nt forget to keep an eye out for visitors .
uncovering the ropes from their hiding spots , dragging them into place and securing them on both sides of the river usually takes two days .
if no signal is spotted then the ropes are taken down on the seventh day , stowed in their proper places and the wanderer departs .
they all stopped singing when everything started to vibrate and the objects around the room began to dance in place .
he did n't want to remove the jacket and bottles from their hiding place in the door , but he did want to know for sure whose jacket it was .
kind of got suspicious though when they said the aps would board as soon as we got the stairs in place before the rest of the geese were offloaded .
the only thing that was certain was that some event would take place that would change his life and satisfy the hurt he had bestowed upon mapita .
he did n't need to be around because what he did was place a talisman as he had been directed by morita .
it was possible that some event had taken place , some political situation had changed that they were not yet aware of and which might have placed them at risk .
bodhmhall saw the grey one stiffen , the bread half - raised to her mouth , frozen in place .
straight ahead of her was a long work bench with tools hanging above it , much like the man who worked the forge everything was neat , orderly and had its own place .
what happens if we need to get away quickly , surely you should leave the mast and sail in place , said sarah watching the boys with concern .
both boys nodded their agreement as they crouched behind a tree , waiting until they were sure it was safe for them to come out of their hiding place .
sarah hesitated , something was nt right ; still frowning , she did nt move , waiting for the pieces to fall into place .
sarah watched in fascination as all the children on both boats seemed to know exactly what to do with the older ones taking charge , oars were quickly put in place with two children per oar , each pair working together to row the boats out and away from danger .
the woman had used the distraction to finally scramble away and pull all of her clothes back to their correct places .
logan stepped closer as the two men ; skinny guys both wearing clothes far too big for them , both of them trying to smoke , pushed the door closed and began moving the bookcases back into place .
everyone roared with laughter as jerith took nehemiahs place on the rock .
jerith jumped down and nehemiah took his place on the rock .
she returned the talisman to its place around her neck .
by the time they were burning again the breakers had resumed their previous places .
we did that and placed our bags one on top of the other , and used three bungee cords to secure them in place on the back seat .
a large , ragged dog watched us with one eye , and deciding we were good sports , got up from his place in the sun to sit down right next to me .
everything is in place and the weather is going to be excellent .
faith found a place under a tree to tie the horse to and waved to william and george as they approached the wagon .
angie refused to say anything and walked past her , finding her place at her desk .
the ground offered many favorable areas and before evening , campfires were lit , teepees set in place , and meals were being prepared .
they held their places , waiting to see who would emerge from the trees , their husbands and sons , or the arapaho .
normally , imps would turn and attack him as he approached , yet they remained in place .
recalling her moment of blinding rage , she noticed that the bookshelf was now back in place , though a few of her books appeared to have suffered damage .
from his place on the floor , matthew extended his arms over his head several times .
flanked by mr . finch and miss nuttle , matthew took his place near the library 's archway and brooded .
bax and cordelia took their places before the targets .
in spite of its agitated movements , the thing kept itself more or less in one place on the bed .
matthew remained motionless , allowing the hatchling to coil itself around his upper body until it found a suitable resting place across his shoulders .
in several places the plumes of fire had breeched the roof , dotting the rooftop like hell 's own flower garden .
the silver dollar sized watch came out of its resting place in the front right pocket of his dungarees .
brad checked his friend from one end to the other and could hardly find a hair out of place .
she took her favourite place on the kitchen bench behind the massive table and here she could lean back with her right arm on the windowsill .
the raindrops were escaping from the furious flashes and wanted to find a safe place inside the train .
~ frederick held the entry gate to the house in place as john screwed it into the brick fence .
no longer thirsty , he took his flying rod from its place and tapped the rune to lift him into the air .
he slipped his club back in its place on his belt .
his mount was fresh , and she pranced in place , obviously wishing to be gone from this task and off into what was left of the starry night , but ravan held her just a bit longer .
tors confidence swelled as he recognized the scope of the army that eased into place behind him .
he is in place , positioned at the north front , just as you wished .
on the arm of the chaise was a book , open and laying across the soft velvet brocade to mark its place .
when the leaders diatribe finally ceased , the executioner stepped into place , and the guards forced ravan to bend forward , his hands bound behind him .
take him , velecent encouraged ravan as his horse stepped nervously in place , but ravan was perhaps not entirely sure he could .
pan popped into place on the other side of the parthenon , where he was gliding a hand over a doric column and humming an ancient tune .
the plank was withdrawn from its hidey hole and slid into place .
he knew he had to get out of his current hiding place before the tender boat was needed , and the change in the engine noise possibly meant they were nearing shore .
maurice had the rusty duck fired up and they laid him on the seats , with chan stepping in to hold kobi in place .
matthew returned to his place beside katharine just in time for dessert , a cool coconut sorbet .
butler and katherine eased from their hiding place , and hurried as quietly as possible down to the dock .
cap waves the crew off ship while the dock - hands move in place to unload the ships cargo .
her smiling mouth drupes wide open , as her elbows search for a place to rest on the counter top once more .
the pleasing news places smiles on everyones faces .
ava is elated , placing everything in its just appropriate place .
his parents had only one book , a splendid copy of the bible that was kept in the most honored place in their house , next to the statue of the virgin mary .
feeling that he had sinned for thinking such thoughts within the walls of gods house , he felt instinctively for his medallion , was relieved to find it still hanging in its proper place .
all forces will be in place by two hours before sunrise .
a thin , dressed in traditional costume shirt black trousers gray old woman , holding a dish , a limped got xu place , slowly put it on just given psyllid occupy small wooden desk .
if i could crawl over the sleeping men , i could get to the horse on which my carpetbag had been kidnapped from its resting place in the leaves .
the barbed wire installed halfway up the pylons to discourage baboons was still in place on every pylon .
bestot arrogantly took a place at the front of the line , straightening out his clothes , smoothing his hair back , and then snapping to attention .
i m just more concerned with this , matchra replied as he worked another gear back into place on the spider .
esephris joined ka at the railing , standing in the same place he had the day before .
he may well be used in the future - from his place in front of the fire , ed yawned .
at the call of the trolls ' battle horn suddenly there was a desperate heaving of ropes and trolls in a frenzy at the base of each shield struggled to keep them from sliding from their appointed places .
admiral , the units are in place , veron is gathering an army , increasing security .
with eyes reverently hooded , they assembled the stools , motioned the children to take places on the warm stones beneath the hearth , and produced a few yellow crystals to cast light into the darker corners of the cottage .
the children settled restlessly at the foot of the old one and the women took places on the stools .
the movers arrived just after noon and the quiet stillness of the house was shattered by the constant movement and shouting of the men as they jockeyed furniture into place .
the knife she sought was in its place , bracketed to the wall of the shed .
it was the kind of clutter , artfully done , where everything and anything had its proper place .
hard as it was , she leaned forward and found the place where the business end of the binding met the wall .
julie shuddered at the thought of him , and ethan assumed the place on the arm of the couch .
things were looking bad until the proprietor told them if they wanted to fight in here they needed to go outside ; which did n't make any sense but did defuse the situation , the frebergs resuming their original places , al seeking a neutral corner , and j - man opting to beat an exit .
finally it was tanya who directed him to his place .
nothing can grow in its place because the place is already occupied .
dawn hung the water bag in its place and went to check on yael .
seated in his customary place , chaiko was working on a falcon .
it called forth bear , lion and wolves and set them into their places .
he took the guest to the bachelors fire and assigned him a sleeping spot , tanya hurrying to give him extra covers to make his place more comfortable .
he took baers place by the fire , smiling up at them disarmingly as they hurriedly arranged themselves in front of him .
predictably he chose the former , and he and his retinue drew off to their sleeping places .
from their hiding place behind a screen of bushes , they watched the river , the far shore and scanned the surrounding hills .
crow found the main pathway easily , but right away he went aside and found a hiding place among some bushes nearby .
however it did nt come to blows and baer and cosh returned to their places and pretended a calm they did nt feel .
with the threat from the crossbowman gone , james had miko move out of the way and took his place between the oars .
then he took his place back on the bench .
again rupert hit the door and the force of the blow knocked out whatever bart had been sliding into place .
but it will be a week or more before a new stone can be brought here and put into place .
there s no telling what safeguards the previous occupants could have put into place .
over the next hour , he worked most carefully to remove each dart , dip it in the liquid , then return it to its place in the leather pack .
once he was finished with applying the liquid to all the darts , he replaced the small vials back in their places .
once he reached the place where it was up to his neck , he glanced back to kevik and saw that he was ready .
he pulled the last one from the rack and quickly crossed over to his place next to chad .
the estate also held defensive magics which allar had put into place .
the building on the left had three walls still in place , with the fourth having disintegrated into a pile of rubble .
reneeke took his own netting from his pack and settled it into place .
ill show you who , as he reached for his sword hilt , he felt reneeke place a hand on his wrist .
grabbing his rifle from its place upon the wall , he staggered outside weeping and on the outskirts of the forest he saw a white stag watching him .
tom gathered up the parchment and returned it to its place beneath his shirt .
the warrior had to confess , at least to himself , that the idea had not even occurred to him , although he realised now how out of place the dove really was up there above a barren desert .
returning the sword to its place at his side , dredger turned and walked back through the lost city , now reclaimed .
coming to the longboat , they began to embark , the crewmen climbing aboard first , taking their places at the oars , but as tom moved to pull himself over the side , he noticed that mo was gazing at him thoughtfully .
the fog was less dense now and tom was surprised to see one or two buildings that appeared to be out of place in the victorian streets , their architecture vaguely modern , incongruous in the midst of the more ancient structures .
he admitted as kira picked up the strap off the ground and lifted ken back to his original place at her hip .
it still remained a majestic place to be sure , everything having a proper place and natural beauty that seemed so right .
by the time he heard a hum , the box disappeared by some magic and seconds later it reappeared in its original place empty .
kanade touched the logs with a finger and wrote something with a green spark and then the wood floated over the wall and was put back in its original place .
she pushed the glass aside and heard dresss loud thunk each time as he hopped back to his place in the corner of the room .
when the pegasai came over floa crossed the gap and took her place back on ethans shoulder .
tomorrow , or the next day , he planned to set the explosives in place and do a few other things to get ready .
sandifer countered by having tony run in place in the galley freezer after each swim .
i guess we should take our places on the stage .
the sheriff headed for annies booth and sat in his usual place .
raj closed the apartment door and clicked the lock into place , how are you young man ?
the monk smiled as he returned to his place by the fire , imagine the most fearsome werewolf you ve ever seen at the movies , now double its size , and that s what were up against .
he turned , saw that they were putting the final screw in place and asked , well , what s the verdict ?
sarge said placing the snake back upon the ground and everyone watched it slither back into its hiding place underneath the pile of debris .
the door to the off - license sounded a buzzer when al opened it , and a middle aged woman appeared from out the back of the shop , taking her place behind the till .
he decided to follow the bug , moving the books out of the way where the bug seemed to stop next to a thick dusty book hidden in the back of the shelf , out of place .
now i want your back towards the screecher , and what you re going to do is place the sword out in front of you , like this .
unable to wait any longer he removed the blue ring from its place and slipped it over his right index finger .
with the guitar he once again swung it at one of the undead , square in its jaw , knocking it out of place .
things were about to fall into place .
but he slowly calmed as each button of his shirt was put into place .
baca started the car and drove to take his place in line at the border .
they roamed the premises until they heard the noises of trucks , men ordering to place boxes ` ` here , '' and the thumps and bangs of heavy crates dropping .
they reached the factory 's receiving yard and walked to their places .
he turned and saw most of the women who were behind sewing machines rise quickly and scatter to their hiding places .
the chair and box were juggled and then balanced into place , but the top box still fell .
rodolpho took his place at the window .
he took his place at the table and waited for the other men to start working .
orosco and octavio took their places beside rodolpho and lifted him to their shoulders .
rodolpho drank to that and felt connie place herself under his arm .
he walked slowly to take his place among them .
within one hour , with a final scratch and click , the kid slid the last rock into place .
i look towards tavos , who has taken his place on the throne .
he disappears and i hear the sound of a very large bar drop into place .
you ll have a place on the bar .
somehow , matthew knew that a sea battle had taken place between her and another vessel some miles behind them and she had caused a powerful explosion in the other ships supply of gun powder with her heavy firepower , breaking its hull amidships with a resulting and inevitable descent to the ocean bed below .
then miguel showed him how to attach the bags to the ropes in the barn and heave them up high and fasten them to the ring on the floor and carefully slip the ring - pin in place .
bolo served the ball to rego and it ended up in the same place again .
he sat at the foot of the table , an honored place one of their mothers would have occupied had either still been alive .
tucked against the protection of the wall , he scanned every foot of the yard and found nothing out of place .
gandy tiptoed between several perplexed school children staring up at him from their places on the floor .
worth checking out , gandy replied , in the sort of tone that suggested half the story had just slotted itself into place and the other half was not far behind .
framed by the entrance , backlit by the morning glow , the figure of the shaman sat at his customary place .
then all the dignitaries of the tribe secured places around them .
cora went back to her sleeping place , and drew from among her meagre belongings the little treasure that she had found this very morning .
but then some floating weeds got wrapped around the reed and the water could no longer slide by it , but plucked the reed from its place and swept it down stream .
sisy takes the moment to throw the lance at udess and swing his sword in unison , impaling udess arm in place , and lops it off with the blade .
jera came out of her bedroom , throwing the door shut behind her with a well - practiced swing so it did nt slam , but gently rolled into place .
usually , a first - grader will present with a double row of teeth as their adult teeth shoot up from the healthy gums then the baby teeth fall out of place or a dentist gently removes the baby teeth .
landric doubled back to the statue and took a look around to find nothing obviously out of place .
the man who was standing guard in the usual place on his bench in the garden suddenly jumped back when he noticed a slab of stone moving by itself .
landric knew then why he saw all of that siege weaponry being place around the ramparts of the city the day he left for azrias .
for a while johnnie held his place , straining to see anything moving from the direction of the frog , but not neglecting all the rest of his environment even so .
we will be seen and questioned why were out of place .
i spot some berries then pick them and place inside my long dress after tearing a strip from the sides .
brian had been appalled by the two hired guns from de brandt minerals who had been in place when he arrived .
joe greeted him deferentially then turned and took his place at the fire .
finishing a little early , shanna swung back to chases place to change and then headed south .
joe , you and willie get your men up there and in place late , lets say about midnight .
then they found their places in the shabby tent and laid their bodies down for the night .
i just had to put everyone in their proper places that night and it would all come out .
i looked to the front flap again , but kept my place .
the great man himself would not come until everybody was at the rightful places assigned to them , so that he could make a grand entrance .
the stables were busy assigning places to the new arrivals on the near fields .
everyone was tired of the excitement and singly and in groups , returned to their camps , collapsing gratefully on their places .
no i did not do either , because i could find no place to keep the quills except in my claws and i had better need of them , to hunt and hold onto my perch .
amidst great shouting of instructions and encouragement , the teams took their places along the ropes assigned to them .
baer sank gratefully down on his place , exhausted from being pressed and jostled from one end of the camp to the other .
chaiko sat down at his place , the other two just behind him .
a place for everything , and everything in its place , his mother used to say .
he went to the fireplace and loaded up another block of wood , struggling to get the large cooking pot into place .
he pushed and heaved and dragged the pot on its crane over in place , but could nt lift it high enough to hook the metal bar connecting the mantel .
i have plans in place to coordinate with the city watch as well .
* * * * * giorgio hefted the cask of oil into place and looked around the shipping yard .
they sauntered off , and jon took their place at the bar .
giorgio also had other thieves in place among the crowd .
sound about right , geist smiles , climbing to his good leg and snatching the noisy label from its resting place .
igos roars in desperation , snatching his shield from its resting place beside the throne , and diving forward , rolling to a knee as he braces for impact .
custar and dugway huddle in place on my right , while unakite hugs on ametheta on my left .
the fire was still roaring away , and the chaise longue was still in its resting place , right by the warmth of the flames .
a new identity has been arranged for her and , with that in place , she will join my team in palo alto . ''
i 'll go to california to make sure all of the necessary elements are in place and to meet dr . fitch 's plane .
she did nt answer , but instead , the strangest change appeared to be taking place in her .
she tapped feverishly with her fingertips at the tiny keypad till the site co - ordinates and links to google maps and facebook were all in place .
suddenly , as the angle changed to place tuothroor out of the path of the sun , the profile of a large ship became visible on the viewscreen as it cleared the edge of the planet .
alarm klaxons rang out and emergency harnesses sprang into place as the bone - chilling sound of scraping metal filled the cabin .
sit on the chair and ill place him on your lap , but do nt let him escape .
every week shed come in with something new to either hang on the wall or place on a desk or table .
colonel tomain , i trust all of your sniper groups are now in place and are keeping themselves hidden ?
as the girl watched police come into place in front of the un building , she remembered the senator coming in the elevator and actually meeting her gaze and looking straight at her big feet .
the final count yielded a vote from famed author truman capote to keep the ketchup bottle in place .
he slid the chair back to its former place .
most of them looked out of place .
as much as he wanted something to be out of place , he could nt see it .
mccutchen finally put the piece in place .
perry released him and lifted his hand to the air before gisbo returned to his place in line .
` ` and , '' jim said , taking over and continuing the rant , ` ` so when michael jacksons nose was removed along with the part of his brain that kept him from wanting to do bad things to little boys with unmentionable parts of his body laced with jesus juice both pieces were sent into space at imperceptible speeds and sent through the space time continuum to the point that it came back into the hands of the generically named man just in time to be in place for it to be used in this idiotic book . ''
nearby , the uss arizona battleship also sits on the frozen surface , still in its final resting place .
he knew his marathoners would not abandon him -- he d kill their children if they did -- so they died in place , unarmored and half asleep .
a flash of reflected light caught billy 's attention , something he later recognized as a mirror , and the squad rose while turning in place to fire point blank at them .
as the heavy steel fire door closes behind them , mike hears the discrete clicks of bolts automatically sliding into place .
` ` give them a minute to get in place , '' says lance as he leaves , taking a circuitous route to the area behind tom and bob .
he immediately slides the locking bolt into place in case someone saw him enter and tries to follow .
heavy broadcast quality cameras are hefted into place , banks of high intensity lights pop up from the roofs of the tv stations ' trucks .
but as that truck moves forward , another one closely following behind it slides into place .
they hear the latches , attached to a rod the length of the door , slide into place .
kiene took his place on the bed beside jake and lifted the ipad , seeing a listing of suspicious deaths filed .
they returned amidship , grabbing up mam ' as they came along , and returning her to her place in the hold .
the next that mam ' remembered , she was being carried by her white lad , back to her place in the holdher ` ` sanctuary . ''
it took'em that long to complete the process you 'd set in place for'em .
it was ever so slightly out of place from the shallow embossing covering the rest of the structure .
nothing seemed out of place or in disrepair , every valve , cog , and moving part sauntered along with casual precision .
marley was now attending to the casualty on the deck who had fallen from the rigging ; most of his crew had now found their places , but some were still dashing around .
he had trouble hefting it into place even with two arms , and he feared to pull the tiny trigger that rested against his index finger inside the steel casing .
she laid down , about three feet from keith , and i took my place between her and gabriel .
need a place for your horse , mistress ?
after using the internet to discover that macadamia , alaska , was only three hours ' drive from where his aunt mabel lived in anchorage , everything fell into place .
he reflected on the plan he 'd set into place once the information had poured in from his network of spies in the other realities .
the only thing out of place was the other end of the metal tube which stuck out of the wall to his left .
he made it two feet before he came to an abrupt halt ; his legs dangled below him , his body lodged in place .
i wanted the best for my dark infinity project , and i knew there had to be something in place to block your chi'karda levels .
but we know this : karma escalated events , put pieces in place , so that we 'd all head back to the source of the void 's birth in our dimension . ''
taking the short staff from its place under the counter , he quietly slipped down the hall past the toilets , hoping groggin would nt notice the untended taps .
i had the power to permit myself to sleep , but even with our traps in place , failing to set a watch in unexplored territory would be an extremely poor decision indeed .
faala , its not khaaaaa i froze in place , rapier held out before me , my muscles like iron .
i carried them to the rear of the barn , to the animals , looking for a place to store them until i could figure out the riddle .
he had all four corner posts and three walls up and the frame of the roof was in place .
the horus remained fixed in place on the next plateau , beyond a rumpled depression too shallow to be called a valley .
victor then let everything go , the books returned to proper place .
as the energy dissipated , ukyo , shampoo and mousse peeked out of their hiding places behind the statues .
suteko felt three ribs crack under the force of ranma 's attack , which finished with a hard spinning kick to suteko 's knee , moving the delicate joint out of place and crippling him .
maybe we should ask her what she was doing with seth , duffle bag commented as the man who was missing teeth went to hold victoria 's arm in place .
mityai gently lifted the glass from its place and slipped through the window into the council hall without a sound .
sion and daryas had taken their place upon the top of one of the eastern pinnacles , after a somewhat treacherous climb .
silos shouted and sprang from his place , sword held high .
the noras warriors began to quiver in their places .
the disc player made a small whooshing sound and a couple of clicks as the second disc moved into place .
tiny repeated herself a few times while lo made sure the post - it notes were firmly in place on the back of the door .
mr . bird leaned back and rubbed his chin slowly , taking it all in and putting each of the pieces into their proper place .
kiani folded her towel into a precise square and set it down in its specified place on the counter .
reaching the building was just a matter of running a few more minutes , in the way cristobal picked up a sledgehammer he found laying in the floor , it was a huge tool which looked just in place between cristobal 's huge hands and the others followed his example by picking up some useful tools or building materials that they could use to defend themselves .
the adept walked him back to his place in line .
the third boy resumed his place in line looking relieved .
kate kept her eye on its nimbus , noticing that it kept its place and colors steady as they approached .
harkin moved quickly into place but leaned around his mistress to see a large silhouette striding up the slope , a vague black shape against a dark and gloomy night sky .
most of the furniture was knocked over or out of place .
an hour later , the blood was gone and the furniture put back in place .
three men move with practiced purpose into their apparatus bay and pulled on their turnouts , which were placed strategically outside the door to their place on the engine .
he thumbed through the pages , settling back into his place .
then they could unlock the cell doors and chris took the key from its place and stuffed it into his pocket .
chris gripped the edge of the door and lifted up , best he could , and pushed the door back in its place .
when leo 's canoe landed on the beach things were definitely out of place .
the last part of his plan , which was to get grimey to join he and kane , had fallen nicely into place .
serena dips below the surface to follow kai , and ervin takes his place beside her .
` ` oh , serena will be too absorbed in her books by now , '' mariam responds from her place at the catalogues .
the trio takes a place toward the rear , backing up against the rough rock .
the ridges of the webbing between serenas toes fall into their individual places in the moldit is a perfect fit .
` ` guilty , your majesty , '' she says without looking at serena , then returns to her place in line .
she races to catch up to the group , taking her usual place at the rear .
she slips into the great hall , taking her place in the shadows , unnoticed .
she tries slipping to her old place in the back where she is shadowed by the overhanging cliff , but nerin does nt let that happen and motions serena to her side .
murphy takes his place at the apex , then motions for serena to join him .
in the king 's place is a large , hardback book and a tightly - wrapped scroll , cinched closed with the king 's mark .
his basic hunger fell back into its proper place .
one slender unarmed man riding double with the last fighter appeared out of place .
quickly he secured his fur to its place beneath his cloak .
slowly the bolt edged back into place .
he sat back down at his usual place at the bar and once again targeted his mind towards the vamps as they began to exit the bar once last call had been given .
perhaps , this is dasens place in the order .
that is why the world stagnated under the churchs long reign and why we have seen such growth since it was returned to its rightful place .
plants had been left untended , their stems sprawling across the ground when they should have been staked in place .
elton and the guards quickly unhitched the enormous draft horses that pulled the coach and found them places in the villages only small stable .
the sound erased her smile and brought the knife back to its place near the innermost leaves , but the man did not approach .
she took his place on the log , wrung the water from the socks , and pulled them onto her bare foot then doubled them back over again to give herself as many layers of protection as possible .
he scanned the sheer wall , his eyes roving down its expanse , until he came to the bottom where the grey of the stone was interrupted by something out of place .
so much for remaining inconspicuous , jaret thought and cursed traeger as he strode back to his place in the center of the courtyard .
it all implied that the outcome was not guaranteed , that the asht had real power , that they could undo everything that ipid had put in place for better or worse .
knowing what he had to do , jaret broke from his place in the middle of the line and bounded to the far side of the stairs .
rather than fade from his minds eye , they burned their place there permanently , building one on top of another , each brighter than the first , to create a meaningless jumble .
when all the men were in their seats , arin took a place at their center .
a look from wren kept her in her place .
grundhelm was not even trying for killing strikes ; wisely he held himself in one place and used the knife to fend them off when they charged .
unsure what to do next , and guessing this was the same elder the officers had mentioned earlier , ian stayed in place , shoving his hands in his pockets .
not knowing what else to do , ian fell into place behind whisper after casting a final glance over his shoulder at his wife , who was heading back for the trailer with slumped shoulders .
when the dead souls opened their mouths to speak , their mouths distended and distorted their faces , translucent eyes rolling back into their heads and jaws audibly popping out of place , thin strings of flesh stretched across the gaping black hole , revealing rotted teeth .
when he dared to look her way , he saw that she had taken her place at the edge of the bridge , but her arms were still crossed and her eyes still narrowed .
when he had settled in his place , gripping the splintered oars tightly , he offered a final look at whisper .
he retrieved it and handed the hemp - string bones to whisper , who quickly fastened it in its proper place .
whisper kept her place two steps behind the raven - eater , staying focused on him should he choose a sudden attack as they watched the army of the dead advance on the river .
arrangements come together to safeguard the dragons clutches produced to place in stasis .
by the time the final egg is in place , she quivers from the effort and breathes in pants .
i walked for a while , looking for something out of place .
maji turned around in her chair , marking her place in the book she 'd been reading .
he picked up the two pieces of wood and tossed them onto a small pile and then grabbed another block to place on the large tree stump before him .
he returned to his place on the parapet to check the progress of the riders .
why did you leave your comfy place at king temas right hand to follow me ?
they have been returned to their proper places .
with a soft laugh he reached back to the door and slipped on heavy lock in place after another .
he gestured as the last bolt slid into place .
running into the church , ailia searched for a hiding place .
she heard his voice in her head , speaking in a language she did nt know , his words flowing over her , holding her in place for his touch .
the link with damiens third eye clicked into place .
he d helped when he could between bouts of sickness , mixing sweet and salty waters for the voiding and holding bowls to trembling lips but as more and more succumbed to the disease , he found he could tolerate the stench no more and found a place on the deck to lie undisturbed .
and now they stood in shy uncertainty , for the doors had opened and scarlet clad servants were emerging with pots of steaming food to place on trestles standing under the trees .
he intended to show his guests the workings of the marvel his artisans had toiled day and night to set in place .
as a lighting designer , my housemate 's life would be crazy for the next seven days , while the cast learned to perform their play with all her lighting cues in place .
i excavated the pile from the back of the closet , placing teel 's lamp in a place of pride on my desk .
i was the stage manager , for god 's sake , the person whose job was to pick up the pieces , to stay organized , to put each and every thing into its preordained place .
his desk was pristine , not even a post - it note out of place .
she looked over peter , but saw only the launch , still in its place .
you re gon na place that case under her ship .
a crown was place on her head as everyone applauded her .
before she left for her proper place along the road , alex looked once again into the darkness from where the next vampire would emerge .
they helped him to find a place on the road behind those who came before , and then returned to look for jaklin .
nothing had been missed , nothing left out of place , nothing for an assassin to hide behind .
with the target in place the competition began .
prince blight immediately sent out search - patrols to scour the area and locate the individual who dared place an arrow in the vicinity of royalty .
they appeared out of place .
from their place behind the shrubs they had a wide view of the area .
little had his race known what kind of cataclysmic chain of events he d trigger by setting it into place .
he asked , unable to quell his curiosity and gently nudging the firm head of his warhammer back into its proper place upon his back as it had slid uncomfortably to one side .
after he had completed his meal and the tent was in place , elec set off in the morning sun looking for any and all unique plant life .
curiosity and increased interest prompted him at once to make a closer inquiry into the matter ; and , by a careful and diligent scrutiny , he was almost induced to come to the positive opinion , that it no very distant period in time past , the portrait had been removed from the place it occupied .
having completed the circuit of the martian globe , we were moved by the same feeling which every discoverer of new lands experiences , and immediately returned to our original place above the land of hellas , because since that was the first part of mars that we had seen , we felt a greater degree of familiarity with it than with any other portion of the planet , and there , in a certain sense , we felt at home .
that murderous light still in his eyes , draegon flicked a knife at them , and one of the fleeing savages took it in the back , causing her to fall form her place on the wagon .
he had taken his time making certain it was in just the right place , and he had constantly been looking over his shoulder when he did .
frightened at the chaos that had erupted around her after splitting up with draegon and zanthys , she had found herself a hiding place in a large audience chamber , and she was still there .
he rose and squared himself to look at the blackness that was still creeping toward his place by the door .
he found hern in the loft of the barn , in their usual sleeping place .
he turned as the butler entered and took his accustomed place at the head of the table .
shifting our place toward the northeast , we hung above the city of tokio and dropped down into the crowds that had assembled to watch us , the prepared accounts of our journey , which , the moment they had been read and comprehended , led to such an outburst of rejoicing as it would be quite impossible to describe .
she was laughing and barking instructions to him as he attempted to maneuver the tractor into place .
as opposed to the previous room , everything here was in its right place , with no signs of abstract interference anywhere .
instinctively i fell back on my place of calm and put all else from my mind .
the sound moved into place directly above me and stopped .
no sooner had the words been spoken a second car , bright red and shimmering , slipped into place behind bennys .
she had this poster in her office , completely out of place .
upon opening it , much to my lack of surprise , i caught a glimpse of a small feminine figure shifting into a hiding place behind the dining room table .
a chair skidded from its place at the dining room table and into a wall , connecting with such force that wood splintered and the backrest hung skew .
i am returning the egg to its rightful place .
the two from one have come and the other signs are falling into place .
she waits until the worker is far down the corridor before she leaves her hiding place and in the dim light from the lamps in the main corridor peers into the opened altar .
by the following summer , all key components of the operation are in place and large - scale production begins .
when the king arrives , everything is back in its accustomed place .
within two hours , the barricades are in place and workers have begun cutting murder holes in the ceilings above the likely entrance points .
everything remained in its place , clothes and books left where they d landed .
he carefully slid the lid of the vault back into place .
the only thing that kept him from falling was a vine that broke loose from the zombie netting , pushing him to safety before it returned to its rightful place .
thereupon another group was leaving , several families , two young lovers , and an oddly out of place tall older man .
as soon as they managed to do it , he went back to his place by ma - tins side , ignoring the dazed and violently blinking kandrigi .
some change had taken place , he told himself ; but the stars do not change , therefore it is lamla who has changed .
while korkungal put the helmet down on to his head , she lifted his sword from its place on the wall and presented it to him with mock - serious ceremony .
some of the buildings and the thames were right , but the resthe could nt figure out how all of these changes could take place in so short a time .
her eyebrow raised slightly , and she tucked the knife into a hidden place within the folds of the sari , sighing as she did .
something clicked into place for macconnach on learning that .
the satyr walked , his captor keeping pace behind him , with the spear point held in place between his shoulder blades .
` ` astronomers among the human race were baffled : how could stars be out of place according to their telescopes and books ?
omar discovered them , and elsa laughed to herself : they seemed so out of place .
he snapped a mental shield into place around his awareness , breaking the contact between wizard and sphere .
standing in jaspers place and wearing jaspers clothes was the chubby , bald man in the photo .
furniture and knickknacks still occupied their places , as if waiting for their owners to return and make use of them once more .
as they were moving the dresser back into place , dorothy thought she saw something out of the corner of her eye .
captain dafoe had rallied the soldiers to their places on the wall , barking orders to be ready to fire their cannons and arrows on his word .
fryx took his place behind them .
before long she had cried herself out , and in defiance of a valas proper place , she kicked off her shoes , crawled under the blankets of her ladys bed , and closed her eyes .
still looking for a job that would nt put my journalism degree to waste and glaring at parked cars with tinted windows because i was 99.9 % sure that they were surveillance vans put in place by the feds .
he came to her , kneeling before her place at the hearth and holding her face between his hands .
samuel 's inability to speak and mark me , it was so , only persisted for perhaps a few minutes , but it was enough to tell me that something wonderful has taken place and that i am forever altered .
below , the tiles where they had been standing were viciously perforated with deadly spikes and the girl gazed down from her place , perhaps ten feet above , with a tremendous sense of relief .
returning the heavy draping to its rightful place behind him , the attendant then retired back down the dim lit hall .
they would each take a place on the floor around it and enjoy a pleasant time together as they ate .
once he gently pressed one of the lead sheep to head off , the others quickly fell into place , and he was on his way .
returning the flute to its place in one of the pouches on the mule 's back , he turned and began to scurry up the hillside separating him from the noises he was now hearing .
dropping his hand to his side , he felt the sling hanging from its place attached to his leather belt !
he spoke to us concerning his lands and such and then he asked to be sure that we lay him in his place beside mother .
she was holding a golden necklace attached to a pendant in her hands when she returned and took her place again in front of nathan .
that is most important , for , after that , it is a free run and , as a rule , all things fall into place with ease !
what takes place here today , if any man speaks of it , i will not rest day or night until i see his body hanging outside the walls of ramah ! ''
upon his doing so , a second philistine soldier ran at him and drove the blade of his sword into the valiant man 's bowels , clear up to the hilt , not withdrawing it but rather leaving the blade in place !
following his work , he ate a sizable breakfast , washed up his dishes , and put them carefully back in place .
after placing the necklace back into the clay box , nathan carefully returned the lid to its place .
as he placed the box safely back in its place he made a vow within his heart .
as the angel had instructed , he gathered up what he would need for the trip and started out with all haste , but not before taking the black cloak his own mother had made for him out of its place and wrapping it around himself .
and , slowly , he moved to take his place on the cold , stone floor beside him , his hand rising to gently rest on the shoulder of a broken man !
nathan walked to the opposite gate and looked out at him playing and smiled again as he watched the boy intently stacking each stone in its place to make a small house nearly as tall as he himself .
with that spoken , they all turned to flee , leaving the crown placed upon the table just beyond davids place at its head .
so superior to moving armies of warriors with swords which could be very questionable in their outcome and often taking weeks and months to maneuver into place !
quickly he drove it down into its proper place and disappeared from the sight of all those upon the earth !
i stood in place , ummoving , the bed between us .
ariadne took her usual place by the window .
when they had gathered enough firewood , and all the bodies were in place , they lit the fire .
she despised pretty boys , the kind that primped like hollywood starlets and fretted when a hair was out of place .
with a plan in place , arianna began moving .
the boxes were still in their place .
he stopped pretending and returned the broom to its place on the wall rack .
that night , after he washed up and found a special place for his broom in his small apartment , jesse lay down in his bed , rested his head on the pillow and slept peacefully .
everything was in place , she hoped .
she noticed that he had utilized his very own dewey decimal system , and each book was individually etched with a number to indicate its place on the shelf .
riyad circled around paris , the hunters holding him firmly in his place .
altians division took its place on the right wing of the main body and waited .
the minute your mother found out she was carrying a female child she put a protection plan in place for you .
look for things , things that do nt seem right , things that are out of place .
lets get back to the cabin and ill show you how to properly put the wards in place , '' kennan said as we walked .
it was as though a blue wall shimmered into place all around the cabin .
the ones he had me use took a great deal more time and focus to put into place .
` ` i saw you in my dreams last night , '' moriana spoke to timonus from her place behind him , her tone as overcast as the gray sky above them .
she had arrived in the village in a truly horrible state after being half - dragged behind her father 's horse during the entire five - mile trek from their home of big oaks to two - crows , her hands tied together by a rope that he had held from his place upon the saddle .
they remained clasped even as the slightly smoky voice that they belonged to spoke aloud , ` ` lucan , my little man , are the plans in place ? ''
kakri looked up at the sun , wanting the light to fade only to scowl as her attending sprite moved the umbrella one of the others had given it to shade her into place .
also he probably has something in place to prevent my abilities to get us out of this situation that easily .
kakri quickly shifted and put her foot in the correct place and felt the coldness of metal as she swayed trying to regain her balance .
you will find all the native traps reset and clearly marked for you right now so you can document their place .
but the door remained open , the steps remained in place .
and so , even as night fell , they remained in place around his caravan , the townspeople having reassured him that nothing would be stolen as everyone would be safely in their beds .
janus sighed , and slipped out of his hiding place in one of alcoves .
goga told him , and then turned to his mounted men , six of them for now , with three gone to look for their horses , and the seventh about to exchange places with hava .
perhaps he should have thought this out better , made certain that he had a plan in place when he went around the mountain to capture the group , but there was no way he could have anticipated every possibility of the groups movements .
he was afraid for a moment that she would scramble into it to show him how it was done , but instead she stopped at the edge and pointed to the bucket , now dangling in its proper place over the top .
there was nothing , not even a small cottage at which they could beg a place by the fire , until the stubborn horse would go on .
she appeared inside the fence , as he was nailing broken slats back into place on the trellis at the side of the church , which separated the cemetery from the garden .
the young queen looked up at amandie from her comfortable place on the well - padded seat , and gave her a friendly smile .
englans not from dis place .
do you think i would set out blindly without any preparations in place ?
they both had their horses saddled and gear secured into place .
ashley grumbled from her place on the ground .
i watched her , from my place in the trees , as she drug his body over to the hole shed dug .
he had nt moved from his place by the window .
she moved across the outer bailey toward the dais , where two wooden chairs were being set into place , a tall one for him and a smaller one for her .
the monk had taught her how he had catalogued the books , and she had taken him seriously ; already she disliked it if things were not in their proper place .
the music climbs , rising , and now the tub is rising , hauled aloft on a pulley , and she s taking her place below it and desmond can not believe what s about to happen but there is no stopping it and as the music goes into its pounding , strobing crescendo the tub tips and the blood comes down and she s bathed in it head to foot , and the grin splitting her face says she could nt , could nt be happier than she is at this exact moment .
god told me to come here tonight and lead them to the path of true righteousness cynthia took her place at the end of the line , behind two teen - aged boys who passed a doob back and forth between them .
but desmond was ripping the plant from its place , his hands bringing up from the water a swollen sac , dark red amid slithery roots .
he returned to his place in the shade .
he d kept himself in fighting condition , his t - shirt and jeans would nt have looked out of place on a guy half his age .
the beam fell onto a big lump that was even more out of place than the barbed wireor not , depending on what you expected to find in crawl spaces , which in turn probably depended on the type of movies you watched .
he moved on to the bathroom and went in , taking his place in front of a stall .
-sam , is your body in the place of the wounded gorge ?
angel did nt whine much about physical exhaustion , but one day , after a particularly long section she watched me casually pick up the couch and move it back to its original place .
the place looked old with the antique furniture , but out of place with the bright clothing and make - up littering the floor and draping over the wood frames .
everything was still in its place .
i did it more for something to do after my minor temper tantrum , than to really see if my gear was in place .
she retrieved from the box a rolled up piece of parchment and returned the box to its place beneath the altar .
the house and outbuildings were already in good shape from the paid labor force and construction crew ; the trio just made sure everything on hand was in place and looked as good as possible .
with conference calls between himself , gordon , and simon , the arrangements were put in place for brody 's cousin to be an apprentice farrier under the old man 's sponsorship , as the national rules mandated .
they remained in place while the carriage was brought to the near end of the bridge .
she slowly found a place behind his ears , which the big , happy dog leaned into .
both nymphs immediately stopped their giggling when they saw who was in camp ; they both straightened their simple , revealing gowns and hurried over to take their places behind their apparently displeased mistress .
* aldritch stepped up behind the harpy ; the low - caste creature was wary of the young hunter 's pet , but kept his place despite his fear .
the villagers nudged each other as he went by , clearly out of place in the nondescript little village that keira called home .
by the time she was satisfied with the display , customers were already starting to file past the market stalls , and keira took up her place behind the table .
it was a small garden , easily searched , and a small bench against the wall would have made a good hiding place .
with the large log in place across the entrance , he faced the crumbling halls of a forgotten palace .
after he let go and went careening into the bushes , horus pulled his bowstring from his place in the trees and let a barrage of arrows fly .
hanks steady hands caught her and kept her in place until guntar set her foot down .
he began to make allies and put strategies in place to ensure his smooth transition to the throne .
the large stones began to shift from their resting place but did not fall .
everything tumbled and spun ; robert , esmeralda , and the phoon all ended up in different places on the ground .
all the signs of the event are falling into places just like it was foretold by our ancestors .
gaspar asked lena and alexander to move to different places in the room .
breathless , elen dropped into place next to neste , handing her a white flower .
as she slipped into place beside him on the wooden bench , he lifted his mug of ale in salute .
four pairs flew their routines before morgan and elen took their places in the air .
his lips were going numb , and protective membranes had flashed into place across his eyes .
with the magical wall in place before her , henrietta backed off , quickly jumping and flipping through the hole in the fence , rolling on the ground , and then forcing herself to her feet in a snap .
he stood the pieces up and placed them in their starting places .
flitting her glance across the room , chaeli took a sharp intake of breath ; four kings guard stood by the door , the red of their jackets out of place in the white room .
chaeli shoved through the observers to a place at ringside .
the black collar sat above her clothes , out of place and conspicuous .
the grand maji stepped back and her son took her place on the golden platform .
using a knife takes two hands one to hold the meat in place , the other to cut it , so i have to ask someone else to help , and it makes me feel as helpless as a baby .
holding the bread in place with his hand , he set the knife to it , at first gingerly but then with increasing force as the knife cut through the tough crust .
the ship is pulled to the hill where it will be set to rest , and everyone helps to shift it off the frame and settle it in its place .
he took his place in the centre of the wooden structure next to maran as the bard set polished metal mirrors to catch and focus the sunlight that slanted through the shattered ribs of wood .
satisfied that they were all in the correct place , he shouted across to lodden , who was paying close attention to the ribs of the ship and how they fit together in the tight space .
teams of men and women of all races had hauled on the ropes and now all thirteen keels were in place .
the keels are all in place now but there are shards of wood everywhere .
make sure all is set in place and put away before anyone else rises .
the night wore on , and others filtered in and went to their own bedding places , until the sides of the halls were one big wall of curtains , with the occasional gap where some drunken warrior had slumped on his bed ( or off it ) in a stupor of mead and anticipation .
as the front edge of the army grew nearer , the skrals and their allies spilled out of the clan - halls and went to take their places around the circle .
the leaders had set their defences in place .
she wiped the blade on the jerkin of the last , and returned to her place as the drums began again .
the last wave of the ice lords men had fought and fallen and now there was a brief breathing space while the next company shuffled into place and lined up .
as the ice lord turned his deathly glare upon them , they staggered it into place .
chapter three clean , warm water felt marvelous on his skin , all of which appeared to be as in place as it ever had been .
a careful scanning of the room showed everything in place .
then he snapped the book he held closed and tucked it back into its proper place .
blinking away lingering sleepiness , he spotted analee first , in her typical place on the bed curtains .
merran accompanied him and joined him at the center of the floor while the twelve mage - superiors assumed their places around them .
korsten could nt be certain his scenario was accurate , but it fell into place very easily in his mind .
then take the above items and place in front .
as he snuggled down he saw gabriel leave his place at the fire and walk over to an adjoining fire .
it was then that adar and the other men burst from their hiding places beneath the wagons .
it looked out of place under two moons and would drive any scientist back home nuts if spotted from the hubble telescope .
she released the arrow , finding its place in the knights arm .
it occurs to me just how out of place my sleek black lexus is here .
from my place on the floor , i can just see the screen .
the second troll had just registered the change and was now rising from its place upon one of the rocks .
rising , he stumbled slightly , his whole world spinning for a moment before it finally settled into place .
placing the crown upon the giant , all the goblins worked to position it in place before they began the process of closing the clasp .
we have the infrastructure in place .
i took my place on top of the rock and began to speak .
immediately they returned to their places in line .
only pacifistic fools can regard this as a sign of animal depravity , failing to realize that this development had to take place in order to reach the point where today these peacemongers could force their drivel on the world .
the head that wears the crown was not sleeping easy ; even though the crown had been carefully removed and placed it in its appropriate place beside the royal bed .
the throne was in place on the dais at the far end of the hall and there , waiting for him were both steelstrom and moonshine ; and moonshine was holding a crown in his hands .
you have a natural talent for weapons , he complimented as he turned around and walked over to the wall , placing the swords back on their places .
he gave them orders , and they divided up in groups of four and started walking through the crowd , taking up standoff places , waiting for us apparently .
my eye caught one of dons team members taking a step inward , which in turn left their circle a bit out of place , and the griffin team attacked .
turning my head to look at him , i kept her in place .
demons started to take their places around me , creating a circle of attack .
he gestured for us to sit and took his place next to melissa , continuing with his food .
if i had nt been holding my guitar in the right place it could have been very painful , and could have also severely affected my chances of becoming a father in the future , if you get my meaning .
i almost expected expensive decoration and glittering lights but thankfully the dining tables and the chairs are the only thing that looks out of place for a judiciary meeting .
when i actually come back to my conscious senses , i look up to find neal standing still at his place , his mouth slightly agape , his hand extended in the same posture i have rejected , an inscrutable expression on his face as he stares at me .
neal is still in his place , glaring at me .
amelia patted him gently on the shoulder as she moved past him to sit at her place facing the window .
under the streetlamp across the street , she could see that the neighbors large mesquite tree was uprooted and had come to its final resting place on top of the old van that had been parked in the driveway .
cutlery out of place even- i m not joking , denise added , when miriams jaw dropped .
two more wizards slowly stepped into the room with their wands pulled out and shields already in place .
i watched you move everything into your place .
as i got to campbell , there was no place for us to go but over the railing .
it is just a matter of getting the original drawing in place and then jumping up and down on the big green button .
we paw bumped as he told me that he would put the time and place information on the poster and have it ready for the work crew that would copy it .
four of them scurried across the glass , slipping on the smooth surface , falling , then standing again until they got the poster in the correct place .
the inquisitor stepped to his customary place near the bottom of the stairs , clearly ready to leap to the hierophants side if needed .
while the dark men were strewn apart , belnavar hauled another bolt upon the war machine , and then the gears were turned and massive levers were put in place .
something out of place , something importantsomething gone !
weeks passed uneventfully with katrina sitting in her usual place at the back row of the classroom .
the sheer curtains effortlessly fell back into place and he returned to his place on the couch .
she rose from her place on the couch .
they returned to the front living room and resumed their places on opposite ends of the couch .
she fumbled around with something , making quite a bit of racket and when i turned to see what she was doing , i noticed her place an ipod on a speaker dock .
in their places were a field of tulips on one side of the road and a cedar grove on the other .
tom keeps his place , keeps holding the torch , illuminating the fight .
the berger and the soldiers dismounted onto the platform and waited for a sturdy wooden chair to be carried on , and put in place .
korhan having sorted out his horse ; took up his place , a respectful distance behind her .
korhan took up his usual place , a short distance behind vashni , allowing her to lead his horse .
a roaring fire had been set , and fruits , meats and ales were already in place along the table .
now go and lie in your place on the floor against the door , i have a surprise for you tomorrow .
he rose sleepily out of bed and took his place on the floor blocking the doorway , while vashni spread herself out more comfortably .
korhan took his place at the rear , riding a respectful distance from vashni .
she snapped her reins and trotted to the front of the line , with korhan taking his place behind her and brael following along after while silus scowled silently at her .
before korhan could drop back to his place behind vashni , she leaned towards him .
ok . elliot breathed out the word as long as he could as he kept his arm in place around my shoulders .
as he pulled rollers from my hair , i looked to cyrus who was still standing in place .
by the time she righted the fallen table and started pushing the chairs back in place the journal was already forgotten .
its back legs looked like they belonged to a chicken of all things , and a pair of bull horns seemed out of place on the top of a feline head .
his only bag was gone , and there was nothing out of place except for his room key , lying on the little bedside table .
now that they were closer , erin could see that they were shadows , bizarre and out of place without anything to cast them as they moved under the bright , sunlit sky , flitting across the ground and moving in random bursts of speed .
terra asked from his place near the stairs , speaking over the other guests .
entry 58 : first snow erin fumed as she went around the inn , slamming chairs into place only to move them back a minute later , or picking up the broom just to put it somewhere else when she realized that she would rather swing it at kotas head than sweep the floor .
i will never stop asking , he called , settling down in his place against the door so he could hear her .
she had hidden from his scrying vision when the resurrected lemurian created a new hiding place for the great cluster of black crystals .
adri took a place beside telimo , crossing his arms as they all waited for the warrior head to appear .
it 's older , she said hungrily as sortare place it before her .
at one point , tatiana took in the beauty of the flowers before her , only to notice that one flower was out of place .
not knowing how to get home , shed found a place next to the lion to rest her eyes .
throwing his hands to the skies , the water threw to the air , coming to a holding place either side of corozon .
corozon jolt and then tense as a hand place itself upon her shoulder .
corozon took grasp in the fingers place setting .
they were a pack of corporate tools , and ibm as usual moved so slow out of the starting gate that the whole thing might well be over before they got anything in place .
but in truth sun does nt even see them , they are beneath his notice , they will slink around for ages before the other gods and goddesses put them in their place for all time .
then ah - balam jumped down from his place on ah - puch 's roof and came to those boys .
the boys rose from their places in the rocks and hurled their darts .
later that day my father brought my sleeping bench to the storytellers hut , and he and kaakik put it in place under one of the windows , so i would receive sweet air .
ah - puch and his servants and children were forced to stay outside the village , though the lineage - shamans and the priest did place sacrificed turkeys and small bits of bloodied paper outside the acantuns so that the spirits could feast and watch the celebrations without loneliness .
that was when ix - xotat flew down from her place in the treetops .
father sun was just risen when we arrived and stood at our places ; no one sits at a caning .
the timbers were harvested under mother moons full face , the wood is best when she raises its sap in this way , and i assisted in gathering thatch for the roof and weaving it into place .
then there was mud to be mixed with reeds and built up into walls , and the doorway had to be carved and pegged together , and there were frames to be made for the windows and put into place .
nothing weak was allowed , no crossed thatch was put into place but only straight , no curved beams were set even if they were strong , mud with too much reed was combed out and made proper .
it was the spears of the hunters which kept ain , the crocodile , in his place in the river , and it was their spears which kept balam , the jaguar , from tearing the travellers .
together they walk to the great plaza and take their place at the feet of the pyramid - mountains .
at the black acantuns are the priests who guide the artisans , to take their place behind the rows .
the twenty high priests , the chilam balamob , lower their horns and leave their places by the acantuns .
now the water merchants flee back to their places .
this is what happens after the farmers return to their place in the plaza : there is weeping from inside the tree - fruit jars .
their children and their wives present themselves quickly before the altar and return to their sitting places .
i will perform a new dedication , a new hearth will be put in place .
as they took their seats , he moved to his place at the head of the tables , facing the direction of the entrance from whence he had come .
pulling it forth , she slid it into place , resting it upon her hand which held the bow , slowly drawing it back against the string .
i was nt messy , i liked everything to be in place and in order so to know that she was somewhat the same was reassuring .
from the time i was done with my morning routine to 11:30 a.m. , i reorganized some of my stuff , i did nt like the places some of my item were in so i fiddled around with it all for a while .
it is getting close to breakfast time and it is jarrods duty to move the tables in place .
summarily he trades places with me and his body is over mine , his lips so close to mine when he speaks , provoking me .
the table is set already with my plate in my place as always .
when liam is in place to herd the animal our way , john and jarrod flank me to make sure the elk wo nt get away if it gets past me .
plan in place , i go to sleep .
when i get to the hall , roland is standing in the same place as always .
carmina painlessly lowers the lynx heart over the blond girls sporadically beating heart , stroking it into place and shaping it until they match perfectly .
beatrice shook her head ruefully , took tibbins hand , and returned to his place amongst the birches .
he sighed deeply , checked that his sword and dagger were firm in their places , and flung himself into the saddle , intent on pursuing the woman he had so inadvertently and grievously wounded .
calea just looked at her , then turned away , returning to her place along the guardrail .
stenns efforts kept his head in place , so while he could nt see anna , he could feel her tugging against his arm as the room continued to rotate .
so lets keep looking for more just then , a bunch of papers randomly scattered into the air from their respective places .
` ` well , i guess look around and check if anything 's out of place , '' isabella answered .
and anytime you need to get back to the normal state of affairs , which is to get back out of a dream , or make the mortal form you donned vanish , or the object you have brought forth return to its original place , you will just need to click your fingers together and it will be done .
after putting the lantern he was carrying for illumination down in one of the corners , he went to take the thick book out of its resting place and placed it on a nearby termite infested table .
there was a switch just below the rest area that i would have to flick , for the rest to contract back inside the slot , freeing the arrow from being held in place , allowing the string to send it flying .
she turned from her place by the hearth when he flung open the door , and her shapely brows went up .
she put a hand on his nose and slid the bones back into place .
as he took his place beside nolen , he surveyed the ladies .
she pulls her cot back to its original place , leaving the way out into the corridor free , which is probably what , unconsciously , margaret wanted all along and not because of the danger of tumbling into that kind of minor temptation .
he had just emerged from his chambers , taken his sword from its place on the wall and secured it two his belt when his mother approached him .
he took a step in place with each foot , like he was climbing invisible stairs , and stood a few inches above the ground .
jesca swallowed , and held her head up high as clive clipped a gorget in place around her neck .
pauldrons settled into place on her shoulders , with overlaping lames running up to the gorget , and down to her rerebrace .
coral directed the guards to the edge of the platform and took a place at the rear .
the last few units doubled timed it into place .
scattered soldiers panicked and broke ranks before being hauled back into place by their brothers in arms .
i know i will have to put them back into their places when i return .
the continental alliance sets up camp four miles north of atlantis and stays in place .
duncan edwards feels he is going to make an impact on the world , but many puzzle pieces on the board are not yet in the right place .
this earth fell from the vine to its appointed place in space and although it seemed to be separate and apart from the vine , a single strand of bright light revealed that it is anything but separated as the power and force that emanates with love continued to connect this new earth to its creator .
these small drops of lightning bright light fired forth and took their places on the giant land mass as well as the smaller islands to cling to their appointed place becoming colorful , mature grasses , trees , flowers and various kinds of shrubbery .
these small drops of lightning bright light fired forth and took their places on the giant land mass as well as the smaller islands to cling to their appointed place becoming colorful , mature grasses , trees , flowers and various kinds of shrubbery .
then a single tiny ball of shimmering white light was birthed from the vine and took its place on the large mass of land introducing the first human , a man , into this beautiful world .
with the nurse observing nearby , dr . staff took another close look at alex 's shoulder and felt it to make sure everything was in the right place .
the missionary continued to read the scriptures to the king about the creation of adam and eve and how their fall from grace brought about a carnal state of being for mankind and how god had already put a plan in place for redemption through jesus christ .
the fall of adam and eve was expected by god and his plan to have a savior to save adam and eve and all humankind was in place before the earth was even created .
one of the dragons fell into place beside him .
but the cold season was coming to an end and the animal furs appeared out of place .
but this man was clean - shaven , which seemed out of place next to his otherwise tousled appearance .
he then could see it for himself , a place within the chest plate , it would be ideal for a precious stone to sit within .
he focused as best he could and eventually his hand steadied , he allowed his body to complete the routine , checking one last time to make sure the armor and weapons were in their proper place .
he had nt heard a single rock being pushed out of place or the whisper of a dirt trail being disturbed ; they truly were like an army of ants .
chapter eight the knight when alice was 8 alice was in her usual place when she was nt running her roundsin her hut , chained to her desk .
yet as i draw that bolt into place , i ca n't fight the feeling it wo n't be enough .
i can pretty much hear them clunk into place .
that 's when i hear the bolt being slid into place and a muffled , who left that unlocked ?
it 's foolish and out of place , but i ca n't stop myself .
once in place , dr . dorn turned the crank and opened the chest revealing a large pool of blood that had filled the chest cavity .
as one set of was cleared , i moved to the next set , pulling at weeds and ivy , clearing the deflating tires , then pushing the culm back into place before i threw the weeds into a pile under a creaking maple .
after he let go , the green branch only straightened partially back into its proper place and thus remained noticeably askew .
he anchored the vessel in place with the intention to return in the morning with sufficient help to finish the chore .
fastillion felt surprised to have lars speak to him so deferentially , if you and yours will go down to the river and haul my sailboat up to its proper place , ill be happy to help you .
she and lord fauv stood supervising the servants cleaning up the scraps and replacing the tables to their usual places .
the teamster swung the supply wagon into its assigned place , and a familiar figure climbed down .
about two minutes later a roar erupted which shook pebbles from their places and sent a shiver through martas spine .
the intensity shook rocks from their places and created a fine dust that quickly enveloped the hollow .
pebbles were shaken from their resting places and the branches of the trees trembled as though they were frightened .
the men slowly crept around to their places .
they made a place for him on the opposite wall of the tent .
the men slowly got into place .
she took a deep breath as groth took his place in front of the dwarves .
shock was the common feature in the many faces around the room , turning variously to awe and disbelief as the retinue made its way to the center of the large room , where a stage was in place .
after no more than a minute , the whole crew was in place and ready to hear what sky had to say .
dwight walked up to sam 's place at the counter , slowly so as not to spook him .
khalil said nothing , putting ceramic plates and mugs in their places quietly .
arrigio fixed her with one of his disapproving glares , while nathaniel just looked bewildered , craning his neck to look at her from his place in front of the dais .
take a place by the fire , and i think that its time for our watch change .
he put it down in its place , and picked up another .
the room was silent except for the occasional rustle of a page turning , or a chair scraping as its occupant rose to either get another book , or to return one to its place on the shelves .
an old barrel sat off to one side , brie raised the lid slightly , glanced about , smiled eagerly , and then resumed her hiding place , determined to discover what it was the lady and that odd servant intended for her confused brother .
jared was standing at the castle gates in his usual place when they brought him in : a cold , pale form , nearer a corpse than a living man , a weak , thready pulse the only sign of life ; a returning patrol had found him along the road , curled in a ball , as if some great fist had attempted to crush him in its grasp .
he found the swordmaster in his accustomed place in the practice yard .
baye and jace crept from their hiding place and charged the guards minding the door , immediately engaging the pair in a vicious sword fight , the brethren being careful not to injure their opponents , as they were not truly enemies but rather simple men doing their appointed duty .
once the unnamed party was settled in for the remainder of the night , with all save the sentry sound asleep , the three crept from their hiding place thinking to explore the camp , but adan nearly stepped on one of the villains and took a sword through the heart for his inattention .
he grinned and returned to his accustomed place near the gate , leaving the pair to find their own way to the ladys usual chambers .
baye started awake while jaces severed head miraculously settled into its natural place as his advanced age vanished , the boy blinking in wonder .
soft curls framed my face , hanging loosely here and there from the half up - do kisten had so expertly place on my head .
it seemed so out of place and yet just what he needed .
his eyes landed upon the open book in front of her and the other tomes on the desk that remained out of place .
too confused to argue , trevor took her place on the ground .
the missile shrieked forth , snapping into place beneath the dragons right wing .
my hearts just struggling to find the right place to fit so manywonderfulamazingpieces , she had expressed in a tone filled with awe .
although i managed to find a place for every item , my area looked like a hoarders paradise .
by the time i returned , everything was back in its place .
by the time it faded , the colors had also returned to their correct places .
whatever it is , could it be as dumb and stupid like the plans you put in place to kill me ?
that s why the first generation earthlings moved here in the first place , to give earth a chance to survive , before they killed it entirely .
we will show you how to fix the bots when they break , how to file the records in their places .
from his hiding place behind the golem , martin was positioned right in front of the large latches that ran down the back of the suit of armour .
footsteps began to recede from my place on the floor .
anchille bent down to kiss her head before the four of them returned the slab to its place .
once they were separated , with a space on the sofa the size of a continent , she returned to her place .
every choice she s made since the beginning , since putting atum in place , and sitting by as the world unfolded , has been with great purpose .
mister and miss toohey muttered , consulted the grimoire , frowned , consulted the grimoire , nodded , and used their wands to draw curious lines and figures , which swarmed over chart , settling into their places .
like iron filings drawn - up to a magnet , the crimson stream sought out its place at the boughs and branches of the great tree in seconds , a vivid red canopy bloomed above their heads , thickening and growing as the magic of the fronds bound into the magic of the tree .
finally , gregory had decided he would go with vincent with one measure in place he would leave uncle quincy a timed letter on his table , a letter which , once the clock struck seven in the morning and gregory had not returned to disable it , would flutter its way over to uncle quincy at breakfast .
i despatched a detail of men to gimmel hamlet last night to rescue remys victims , but there must have been some kind of failsafe built into place , a cursed fire it must have happened as soon as remy died .
she lifted a cedar bucket into place at just the right moment , and caught the cool , swirling water as it came rushing from the pipe .
then she went to the door , and removed the late opliviune junta chair from under the knob , returning it to its place .
the largest fish , dead , rotated randomly in place , fragments of its flesh diffusing through the water .
just as thousands of soldiers , living in many places , are called up , and fall into a single great formation , thousands of pieces of information suddenly fell into place in vidigeons mind .
the captain took his place at the front of the guard and turned to address the group .
the guard watched , fidgeting slightly in his place , he seemed to be uncomfortable with his new guest .
sayjin found a comfortable place against a tree trunk and let the soft growl of the wild dogs relax his mind .
she smiled at the others , warmly , and took a place in the circle .
sayjin noticed the stone wall at the back of cave was stretching away from him to allow more to take their place in front of him .
the lock had n't been broken or open , and his windows were locked tight , and he did n't find anything out of place as he looked around .
when he finally put the gun back in it 's place at his waist he almost felt silly .
it took what seemed like an eternity , but eventually he closed the door and put his shotgun back in its place .
arthur took a place beside morgan leaning against the workbench .
the flagpoles still stand at their places , trumpets , screams , slogans , dances , everything is intertwined with each other .
there were clothes scattered on the floor and a few missing items from their rightful places .
i held my breath as i could hear the bolts of the old door move into place .
inside was a small fridge at the side and a medium size table made of thick wood , it took its place in the center of the room and sitting at the table was sophia eating her breakfast .
in a quick slash she slit both of the mans wrists and then took her place back on twella 's skin .
her spine cracked as she went back and her elbows busted out of place .
` ` something large would still get through any ward you could put in place . ''
i bent over and shook my right breast into the cup of the bra , having to use my hand to get everything into place .
her body began to fold upon itself , the bones sliding out of place , the muscles sliding to the surface like logs rising in water .
the queen 's darkness stood beside me , and the colorful feathers looked out of place .
he had his clothes in place , and all his weapons .
` ` galen and frost have already had theirs , '' rhys said , and as galen went back to his place in line , rhys pretended to box his ears .
barinthus did a very graceful bow and tried to slink back to his place .
` ` not entirely true , '' hawthorne said from his place at melangell 's side .
` ` then , mistral , take your place on the dais , for goddess knows it will probably be your last chance to sit here . ''
a few seconds later , tavi heard running footsteps and ehren puffed into place beside him , his expression nervous but resolved .
the bull yawned , scarcely noticing what must have been half a ton of burden the two earthcrafters had casually lifted into place .
he realized half a breath later that the form under the blankets was simply a bundle of bedding , piled into place as a distraction .
on the other side , a leather basket sat in its usual place on the rough floor , an arm 's length away from the bars , and tavi leaned through to drop the letter into the basket .
keep to your place , or i will have that gown whipped from your flesh .
there was something about their expressions and bearing that seemed odd , somehow , and tavi stared around the entrance to the canim embassy until it dawned on him what was out of place .
giraldi bellowed orders , and fellow legionares in the ranks behind the first seized the wounded man and hauled him back , then stepped into his place in the line .
tavi felt his face flush but said nothing as he stepped away from his place by the wall and walked up to the front of the room and stood before maestro larus .
tavi gritted his teeth , but withdrew back to his place on the wall , while maestro larus looked over his sheets , then asked , ` ` have i overlooked anyone ? ''
when varg turned to him , he had already picked up the heavy clay water pitcher from its place on the table beside the door , and he threw it with all the strength of both hands and his entire upper body .
he slammed the door shut behind him , and tavi heard a heavy bolt sliding into place .
but he found a place on the wall and leaned on it with no evident intention of moving anywhere , and regarded the enemy line of battle - such as it was .
get your shield into place . ''
delegates were scurrying into place around their floor leaders .
gregg swung to his feet and tugged his tie into place , running fingers through gray - flecked hair .
he caught sight of figures in the distance , out of place against the common folk lying in the streets .
no matter how many times he did it , no matter how many times he knew they would n't be there , he continued to anticipate pieces of himself still in their proper place : a nose , an eye , part of his lip .
another came to take their place at the edge of the docks .
asper pointed to the dagger , its hilt jutting from its place wedged between the stones surrounding the fire it smoldered against .
sand shifted under asper 's feet as she took a hesitant step in place .
the only sign that anything was wrong was the sickening crack resounding in the silence as his shoulder popped out of place .
` ` that '' turned out to be something out of place with the rest of the equipment : a single stone , fragmented and decayed , attached to a black iron necklace .
` ` quickly , sheraptus , '' vashnear said , spurring his sikkhun forward to take his place at the center of the assembling netherlings .
beside shadow 's place was a carton of chicken pieces from kfc and a bottle of beer .
` ` set me a place at table and give me a stinking drunk wake tonight .
he unhooked a heavy black poker from its place on the wall , and he prodded at the fire with it , sending up a cloud of orange sparks and smoke .
at the end , goll turns and nods us forward , while the man returns to his place among the others .
once he had the wide black cloth in place over her sunglasses , she prepared to be pelted with questions about why she wanted a special weapon .
reaching the new suite , quinn found everything in place , right down to the suitcase identical to the one in his room where lanna slept .
that will give you time to get your trolls in place . ''
but more : we are told that the same sort of stuff is found in homer , yet there it is kept in its proper place .
` ` come along ; you can be of some use for once , '' he said , and at once loaded the boy down with bandages and knives and dragged him over to the poor injured creature , who warily hissed them away until temeraire turned his head and snapped at him ; then , cowed , he hunched down and let keynes do as he liked , only whimpering a little as the surgeon moved the broken spines back into their places .
inside the rooms were dark and echoing even when the shutters were thrown open , sheets draped across furnishings all left in place , the ghostly quality of a house abandoned and waiting , and the low muttering tick - tick of the great clock beside the staircase queerly loud in the hush .
he stepped closer , and temeraire lifted his head and looked at him ; they neither of them spoke , but he went to temeraire 's side and put his hand on him , and temeraire made a place in the crook of his foreleg for laurence to sit .
laurence belatedly gave the order to have the flag hung out , as below the alarm was raised and men went running to their guns , crews to their dragons ; the british flag brought them a very different reception , however , and temeraire was waved down to a hastily cleared place in the makeshift covert .
halfway down the slope , laurence stopped long enough to risk a final look back : the heavy - weights were discharging battalions by twos and threes , the men running at once to drag the guns into place along the foremost ridge , and the dragons ' belly - rigging was being unhooked to deposit great heaps of round - shot and canister - shot beside them .
` ` i promise you we will have enough fighting today , however late we enter the fray , '' laurence said , leaping into temeraire 's waiting claw with a speed that belied his counsel of patience , and swinging himself rapidly into place with the aid of granby 's outstretched hand ; all the crew were already in their places , the prussian officers no less than the british , and badenhaur , who was trained as a signal - officer , sat anxiously beside laurence 's own place .
` ` i promise you we will have enough fighting today , however late we enter the fray , '' laurence said , leaping into temeraire 's waiting claw with a speed that belied his counsel of patience , and swinging himself rapidly into place with the aid of granby 's outstretched hand ; all the crew were already in their places , the prussian officers no less than the british , and badenhaur , who was trained as a signal - officer , sat anxiously beside laurence 's own place .
but the prussians came onward with irresistible force , and one after another the guns were silenced as they poured into the farmhouses , the barns , the gardens , the pigsties , and hacked down the french soldiers at their places .
he wiped his sword hurriedly and put it back away ; hauling himself gratefully back into his place on temeraire 's neck .
however , they were now properly in the soup : several more pepper - guns had made their appearance amid the french guns since that morning , and long - range mortars were being dug into place all around .
but we 'd gotten the word that jill and her entourage were arriving tomorrow , leaving very little time to put the remaining details in place .
even if it was hopelessly out of place in the southern california landscape , it was still impressive .
a lot of the procedures they set into place are still in effect with our government today . ''
out of courtesy to our chief bruckner had removed his stained andy capp hat while in the office , but he 's in the process of restoring it to its customary place and customary task - covering his nearly bald pate .
it would n't have been out of place among the other costumes , except that it covered a body much shapelier than was the norm here .
i ' m getting the sheltering towel in place and tucked .
the second almost immediately began to push forward , breaching the earthen wall in two places before the canim managed to plug the gap , driving the second back .
he 'd warned max that arnos would have had watchers in place by that evening .
` ` ma'am , '' marcus said , ` ` i ' m going to have to ask you to return to your place with the other prisoners . ''
you ' ve got men standing by to carry the wounded back to your healers and fresh men to step into the places of the fallen , covering their retreat .
arnos stood in place behind her , and the dagger fell from his fingers .
shrugging off her pack , she found a hiding place for the small brown rat that had once been simon , nestled between her rolled - up sweater and her sketchpad .
he planned lovemaking , all details in place for a perfect , civilized seduction , everything in its place , everything orchestrated .
he planned lovemaking , all details in place for a perfect , civilized seduction , everything in its place , everything orchestrated .
it 's just right back there ... ... '' she had chairs enough already , so i just kept out of the way as the guys pulled off the tablecloth , fitted the extra wood in place , and locked it .
from her place at the corner of the sofa , legs curled under her , shannon stifled a snicker .
behind the counter , the picture of the maiden with the black rose clenched in her teeth still hung in its place of honor .
each end table came from a different set , and the coffee table had an odd leg ; someone had hammered a different one into place so it sat faintly lopsided .
finally , i had everything in place , and i was ready to begin .
but , god , she 'd had to rip her collections out of their rightful places in a matter of hours , scrambling , throwing things into boxes .
but instead , he traded places with her , his arms wrapping around her body , one behind her knees , the other at her back .
all the clapboards had been stripped off and microthin fire - retardant panels put in place on the interior and exterior ; all the leaded glass had been replaced with bulletproof panes that were an inch thick ; the antique doors had been swapped out for ones that had reinforced lead frames ; oxygen - monitoring equipment and heavy - duty hvac systems had been installed ; and there were no doubt other improvements that she was n't aware of .
one hair out of place on that woman and that bastard was going to get slaughtered .
laurence answered her with only a small part of his attention : temeraire had managed to get the slab aloft , and laurence now waved the team of men forward to raise the skids which should guide it into its final resting place ; but even this immediate work did not hold his thoughts .
one of the sailors had gone over to the wall and rubbed it , before being sharply called back to his place by forthing : temeraire had overheard him say , ` ` real enough gold , it is , '' in a low voice to his fellows , so it was not merely brass - even though brass would have been almost equally marvelous ; temeraire would not have argued with anyone who had proposed to offer him such panels made of brass , for his pavilion .
several of the sailors were creeping along on her flanks and trying to use her to hide their attempts to break off small pieces ; ferris had every few minutes to go and chivvy several of them back into place .
hammond cried , rising from his own place by the fire to break into the looming quarrel , and added urgently when the dragons had looked over , ` ` and if i am not mistaken , captain , that dates from your having made post , in the navy . ''
when the dragon had finished depositing the final layer , he settled to earth and a couple of the young women who had been sitting on the side climbed onto his back with a basket of large silver hoops , which they had been polishing all the morning , and put these back into place along his wings .
` ` all lies well ; and how wonderful to feel myself properly rigged out again , laurence , '' he said , looking over his shoulder as laurence settled himself into place .
the ship 's third lieutenant , a young man scarce twenty years by his looks , had been directing the men into throwing out the pontoon - decks by which they could have offered a dragon a landing place .
together , tavi and magnus grunted and lifted a stone weighing better than fifty pounds into place in the cup at the end of the engine 's arm , then they both stood back from it .
` ` someone 's never getting promoted ever again , '' observed foss from his place on the floor .
valiar marcus took a step forward from his place against the tent 's wall , and said , ` ` captain .
` ` antillar , get your century to its proper place and prepare to march . ''
panting with effort and weariness , amara unhooked the harness from the coach and sat down in place , leaning her back against the coach itself .
in each container was a furylamp , put in place by jens , each tiny fire fury leashed to his will , restrained from flickering to life within the fine , volatile sawdust .
` ` but no matter what happens , once we ' ve gotten the engineers into place to destroy the bridge , we ' ve got to hold .
he glanced back as the battlecrows filed into place around them .
then he went back to his place in the ranks .
all five fingers were shattered , the ring finger in two places ; her crystalline flesh was suffused with the rosy glow of burst capillaries .
her huge oak desk was on its side halfway across the room from its usual place .
they had been placed all over the room , the most were clustered around the closed coffin that was still in place against one wall .
and all the time she just played cards , turning them over one by one , putting them down in place .
he wears a small flower in a buttonhole on his jacket , which looks pathetically out of place .
shark slides into place on my right .
then straightening up fallen chairs , putting drawers back in place , closing open cabinet doors .
the beer bottle slipped back into its place in the door of the refrigerator , and his fingers moved over hers , warm where hers were cold and trembling .
a rough outline of it , with some details in place to give it structure and scope . ''
then he left me , moseying back to his place at whatever desk was his , while the door to the office opened and barry poked his head out , eying me warily .
i put my hand back down , knowing it was n't my place but still feeling rejected all the same .
the tables were all done up with white tablecloths and gilded chairs , which would n't have looked out of place in one of the bad historical dramas that my mother used to watch .
sage and his band were in their places in the middle , sage at the forefront .
he was out there , trying to put things in place in order to get jacob back .
he does not like things out of place .
the empire was not built by allowing things to get out of place .
greebo , hiccuping occasionally , oozed into his accustomed place among the bristles of nanny 's broomstick .
currently they included greebo , curled up in his place among the bristles .
after a few seconds a sense of pressure on her feet indicated that the cat greebo had taken up his accustomed place on the end of the bed .
but there were two heavy wooden bars , which she slotted into place .
as susan turned , a toe - bone hopped across the mud and scuttled into place somewhere under death 's robe .
the top got higher or lower , but the bottom was always in the same place .
there was room for a bed , a wardrobe , a dressing - table and , quite out of place , a huge mirror , as big as the door .
she scurried around to the back door and burst through , pounded up the stairs , saw the gaunt figure on the bed , reached an instant conclusion , grabbed the pitcher of water from its place on the marble washstand , ran forward ... a hand shot up and grabbed her wrist .
she glared at salzella as the floor clicked into place .
after a moment any listener in the boathouse would have heard a complicated clonk as bolts slid into place .
the woman gritted her teeth , rammed the new wheel into place and then released the axle .
there was a rattle of cutlery and a moment of uncertainty regarding a vase of flowers , but almost all the tableware remained in place .
lu - tze restocked his travel bag with food from some of the houses , making sure to leave little copper tokens in their place .
' they are out of place !
to your places , gentlemen . ''
he picked up a bag from its nesting place between the smoking pots , and there was some faint swishing and heavier breathing that suggested clothes were being changed .
not even reg , fussing around smoothing down earth and patting turf into place , could detract from it .
the smith has just gone into the forge and found it tidier than it has been for the last hundred years , with all the tools back in their right places , the floor swept and a new fire laid in the furnace .
esk wandered out into the orchard and climbed up to her old place in the apple tree while from the house came her father 's shouts , her mother 's wails and long silent pauses which meant that granny weatherwax was speaking softly in what esk thought of as her ` ` just so '' voice .
esk jumped down , pulled the staff from its temporary hiding place among the bags and pails on the side of the wagon , and ran back along the line of carts and animals .
there were stars in it , and occasionally he would give it a little shake so that the stars swirled up like snow in the wind , and then settled back in their places .
when she wandered back into the kitchen , her mother was still standing by the sink , washing dishes , but a plate of steaming porridge had been put down in the one set place on the table .
he beckoned the chosen three to a place in the corner of the mound while the rest of the crowd squared up cheerfully .
you could build most of it on the ground and raise it into place in an hour .
he put them on his desk , pulled another folder out of a desk drawer to place on top of them , and moved some other papers to cover the small pile .
it was fiddly to repair a shutter high up on the tower with the wind making it tremble and freezing the blood in your fingers , and always better to swing it out and down to the ground and slot another one in place .
first , the tin bath had to be fetched from its hook on the back of the privy , which was at the bottom of the garden , and dragged through the dark , freezing night to a place of honor in front of the fire .
for example , while he still has plenty of knees and elbows about his person , they seem to have migrated to their normal places and he no longer moves as though his joints were loosely fastened together with elastic bands .
a couple of brooms and a small battered bucket in one corner looked distinctly out of place , but not as out of place as the crushed tables in the former great hall which , owing to the surging tides of magic now flowing through the place , had shrunk to the approximate size of what spelter , if he had ever seen one , would have called a small telephone box .
a couple of brooms and a small battered bucket in one corner looked distinctly out of place , but not as out of place as the crushed tables in the former great hall which , owing to the surging tides of magic now flowing through the place , had shrunk to the approximate size of what spelter , if he had ever seen one , would have called a small telephone box .
five minutes later , from its resting place on a table in the seriph 's treasury , the hat said , at last .
a swarm of tiles was hovering over it , individual tiles swooping down and clinking into place like ceramic bees on a bombing run .
the standing stone was back in its normal place , but still poised to run if any auditors came into view .
at the site of the great pyramid the huge blocks of stone floated into place like an explosion in reverse .
then , as if they were both mounted on turntables , they turned and looked to where dios was sitting in his place on the steps in a group of lesser priests .
unfortunately it had then been built in the wrong place because putting it in the right place would have spoiled the look of the harbour , but it was generally agreed by mariners to be a very beautiful lighthouse and something to look at while they were waiting to be towed off the rocks .
the supreme grand master walked back to his place on the circle .
` ` all doors are in place . ''
by six that night we had our plan in place , and enough people to make it work .
once he 'd cleaned off the area , he returned her feet to their proper place .
it had all fallen in to place , had n't it ?
burying the blade right under his skin and ignoring hamish 's gurgling screams , she worked the chain and talisman from their resting place .
something out of place or missing ... she scanned the room again , counting this time .
with everything set into place , she crossed her legs and pulled her plain but comfortably warm skirt over her knees and feet .
now once the scale is released back into place , it heals shut , locking in the jagged piece of metal .
powers that will protect me , and are already moving into place to protect the child .
the princess wailed from her place on the ground .
he wants everything in place before he moves .
growling , keita tried to shoot past ragnar , but he caught her and pulled her back while the royal guard moved into place around the queen .
locking and returning the trunk to its place under the bed , dagmar walked back to the table and opened the tin , offering him more cookies .
chapter thirty - three keita landed hard , her shoulder shoved out of place , two of her talons breaking .
` ` and while we get everything in place and finish the tunnel , you have time to go to the southlands and get back before you 're even missed . ''
still he- a bare foot rammed down on that tongue , holding it in place on the floor , and a sword lifted up and plunged into it , pinning it to the ground with one hit .
i curled the money in the cashier 's hand without another word and ducked back to my place in line .
he maneuvered the floating palace to its original resting place beside the dock .
his eyebrows danced like a vaudevillian actor , and in another blur , he threw it back to william , who caught it easily and set it down in its original resting place .
` ` hmmm , '' joseph mumbled to himself while he poured a cup of coffee - it was out of place , he neverhad a cup of coffee with his girls , as he called us .
thankful for the white cami i had on under my military jacket , i slid the shred of fabric in place over it .
i positioned the second key , drew in a breath , and heard the key click into place .
its something i m not proud of , he said , placing the frame back in its place .
i nodded as he disappeared , leaving me alone again , but the warmth and promise situating into its final resting place on my finger fil ed the empty space with an intangible form of wil iam .
come on , bryn , suck it in , she coaxed , grunting as she forced a button into its place .
with this ring , my soul is now yours , i vowed , needing no prompts from charles as i slid the ring into its place for nothing shorter than forever .
temeraire could only prevent them by constant vigilance , and now he was hovering in place over the line of flight , cajoling and hissing by turns , encouraging the others to hurry onwards .
* * * the townspeople of the little harbor of dunbar were alternately terrified at the descent of a whole company of dragons onto their quiet hamlet , and elated by the success of their new shore battery , put into place scarcely two months ago and never before tried .
if our friend bonaparte will only be good enough to give us a year , things will look something more like : the rest of these new shore batteries in place , the young dragons brought up , your ferals knocked into shape ; not to mention temeraire and our new fire - breather . ''
none of the others could be stirred much beyond their sleeping places .
seeing them make ready , the cur did not wait to be carried aboard , but leapt onto temeraire 's back and settled itself in pride of place at the base of his neck , just where laurence ordinarily sat , and barked officiously to hurry the rest of their preparations .
they worked more urgently now , and those of them already freed risked creeping from their places to help the others ; laurence worked with catherine , whose slim fingers made quick work of the worst knots , and then he whispered softly , when they had loosed her man peck , the last , ` ` pray take the others into the woods and do not wait for me ; i must try and free mrs .
these took up places around the floor of the great stadium , in even ranks , while servants began to cover the large central stage with furs , lion - skins and leopard , and similarly draped a wooden throne ; drums had been carried in , and laurence was thankful when they set up a great thunder , and drew all eyes away : the king and the prince had arrived .
` ` mr . ferris , '' laurence shouted , ` ` mr . riggs , clear them some space there , if you please , '' and himself slid down , to take charge of the loading of the retreating soldiers in ferris 's place .
riley had at last come up to the dragondeck , on the excuse of requesting the dragons to shift their places to bring the ship a little more by the stern , and so obtained a better view of catherine 's condition .
the bridge was n't visible from this distance , and ice was n't budging from his place on the far side of the river .
i rather think merlin would have frowned on that and put extra traps in place .
everything had been given a place here , her collection safely moved into the basement of this two - story office building .
just as devina went to retract the pen , he flashed out a hand and locked a hold on her wrist , keeping it in place .
and realized that her bra was still waaaaaay out of place .
reilly was hanging from the ceiling , in exactly the place kroner had been , her arms stretched over her head , her feet barely touching the earthen floor .
when she heard alec 's dead bolt slide into place , eve pulled out of reed 's grip and returned to her own home .
she sighed and abandoned her place .
he returned the file to its place , then closed it .
panicking , i shook it hard but the bulb had been jarred out of place from the fall .
her hair would n't have looked out of place on jennifer aniston 's head .
it would n't have looked out of place in any gothic novel , but here , in a beachside forest , it did n't gel .
that dilemma aside , which was really just a need to keep my wandering feelings in check , everything really had fallen in place .
it seemed like a pile of clothes were was being place on me .
dex agreed and , after he scooped up the knife from its deadly resting place , we were back on our way , scrambling over the rest of the rocky coast in silence , mulling over the damn foot in the shoe .
it looked like the apartment buildings you 'd see in paris , albeit woefully out of place with the seattle space needle looming nearby .
but , occasionally , things just fall into place .
as she pried it out of his stiff fingers , ronan felt the creature in front of him place decomposing fingers around his neck and squeeze - hard .
marsh closed the books and returned them to their place , and tried to consider .
most of the steamers headed upriver were long gone by then , although others had come to take their places along the new orleans levee .
he moved across the room and then - rounding the table - he paused , and stood by joshua 's place , behind the chair at the head of the table .
billions of electrons have to line up in a chain for lightning to actualize , and because like draws like , a chain forming out of the sky will be drawn to a chain building up out of the ground , and when that last electron snaps into place , and the energy transfers , it has so much power that it can vaporize steel , for a fraction of a second , at least .
he turned to face me , pulling his olive drab coat into place on his shoulders .
any number of things could have gone badly wrong - but the timing and relative positioning of the various troops had all fallen into place so smoothly that it seemed that fortune had smiled upon them all .
her chair remained in its place though the table had been ruined .
kitai fell into place beside tavi , her green eyes narrowed , her expression hard .
and gaius attis was , quite calmly , holding a dozen of them in their places , like so many unruly schoolchildren .
a moment later , she took the bread from the ovens , setting it out in its pans , and slipped the next round of pans into their places .
she glanced around the kitchens once more , making sure that everything was in place .
one partially disturbed track may have been the outline of a human heel , but it could as easily have been the result of a round stone being rolled out of its place .
` ` i ' m afraid we can offer only clean blankets and a place beside the fire this night .
her brother 's eyes went flat ` ` it 's all right , '' she assured him , though she folded her hands over a little quiver of fear in her belly at the memory of kord s smokehouse ` ` his son , aric , helped us escape i got away from him ` ` ` ` and came here ' '' ` ` not alone , '' isana said ` ` i had just reached the causeway when warner and the rest came down the road i rode here with them ` ` ` ` warner ' '' bernard said ` ` warner , otto , roth they brought all their holders here yours too they ' ve come to help ` ` ` ` those idiots , '' bernard sputtered but his eyes glittered , and he looked back toward the wall and the shattered gates leading into the fort a rough barricade had been shoved into place , consisting of a pair of wagons upended , barrels , and bunks ` ` how many did he bring ' '' ` ` everyone , '' isana said ` ` nearly five hundred people ` ` ` ` the women , too ' '' isana nodded bernard grimaced ` ` i guess we ' ve got it all resting on one throw , then ` ` his eyes went past her to odiana ` ` who 's this ' '' amara swallowed ` ` one of kord 's slaves , '' she lied ` ` she saved my life that 's a discipline collar on her , bernard i could n't leave her there ` ` he nodded , glancing back at the walls again , and let out a slow breath ` ` might have been kinder to it 's not going to be good ` ` isana frowned at him and then at the walls ` ` bernard do you remember when we had our holdraising ' '' ` ` of course , '' he said ` ` everyone in the valley helped with that brought up the whole stead - holt , walls , all in one day ` ` he blinked and turned to her , his voice suddenly excited ` ` you mean that we could make the walls higher ` ` she nodded ` ` if it would help giraldi said they were n't high enough ` ` ` ` it might , '' bernard said ` ` it might , it might ` ` he looked around ` ` there that centurion there , he 's the engineer see the braid on his tunic ' we 'll need his help you tell him , and i ' m going to round up our earthcrafters ` ` bernard hurried off isana approached the man , who glanced up , blinked at her , and then scowled at her from over a bristling grey mustache he listened to her without speaking while she told him of her plan ` ` impossible , '' he said ` ` it ca n't be done , girl ` ` ` ` i ' ve forty summers , centurion , '' isana retorted .
david took a thick felt bookmark from a drawer in the podium and slipped it in place between the pages , then nodded for me to close it , which i did , feeling a massive rush of relief .
art took his place before the microphones .
it was placed there so fred could wheel his gardening stuff back to its place in the tool closet in the carport , i figured .
even the salt and pepper shakers were in their places .
temeraire jerked to an abrupt stop and hovered in place , and maximus went flying past and swept back up just short of the ground .
laurence now guessed that the rings were intended to provide a place for the carabiners to latch on ; though levitas was small compared with temeraire , he was still a large creature , and laurence thought he could easily sustain the weight of the three cadets for the short journey .
laurence folded the book closed , keeping his place with a finger .
laurence roared at the top of his lungs ; the smaller dragon 's lashing tail was dangerously near temeraire 's head , and they could not move into place .
with a start , temeraire beat his wings in a flurry and lunged back into his place in the formation ; sutton 's signal - ensign raised the green flag , and as a unit they all wheeled around in a tight loop , lily already opening her jaws and hissing : the fleur - de - nuit was still flying blind , and streaming blood into the air as its crew tried to guide it away .
laurence looked back and saw praecursoris swinging into maximus 's usual place with signal - flags waving : not being limited to the formation 's pace , choiseul and the big dragon had gone on ahead of them , but his lookouts had evidently caught sight of the battle and he had now returned .
the rest of the day he spent gratefully in idleness , seated comfortably in his usual place in the crook of temeraire 's foreleg and writing letters ; he had formed an extensive correspondence while at sea , with all the long hours to fill , and now many of his acquaintance were owed responses .
the four carriers drew closer together , flying in a tight knot directly above the transport , and let the keel of the vessel carve a resting place in the ground with its own momentum .
several smaller dragons flew past overhead also , going back to their own resting places : the ball was evidently breaking up , and laurence realized from the low - burning lanterns that the hour had grown late .
i ' m glad my hiding place makes it impossible for the cameras to get a close shot of me because i ' m biting my nails like there 's no tomorrow .
the table has just clicked into place when a figure darts out of the cornucopia , snags the green backpack , and speeds off .
orange juice and a pot of steaming hot chocolate wait at my place at the table .
from where i sit , i pull an arrow , whip the notch into place , and am about to let it fly when i ' m stopped by the sight of finnick kissing peeta .
each is plainly marked with a number 3901 , 3902 , 3903 ... as we step out , i glance behind me to watch the elevator close and see a metallic grate slide into place over the regular doors .
but as cressida gets castor and pollux in place , i feel my anxiety building .
we retreat to our places , ignoring the questioning looks thrown our way .
the squad positions itself under boggs 's direction , and then we have to wait for cressida to get the cameramen in place as well .
the others take their places outside .
when at last ramon had the snares in place , he led maneck back into the underbrush to wait for some unsuspecting animal to happen by .
maneck had not moved from its place at the crater 's edge .
ramon found himself falling into a rhythm - setting the wood in place , tying it on one side , then the other , then in the center where it crossed another branch .
` ` you want to start getting these leaves in place , so we can get out of here and back to someplace they ' ve got plumbing ? ''
` ` you go on ahead , clear the path , '' he said , shrugging the vine into place on his shoulders .
ramon took one last clandestine pull at the whiskey bottle and silently returned it to its place , rinsing the glass out before slipping into the bathroom to brush the scent from his breath .
i reached out with my hand , and the chemical structure on the board became reds and blues and yellows , three - dimensional , spinning , and i plucked away one thing that should n't be there - a yellow grape in the wrong place on the stem - and stuck a blue one in its place .
siris joined her , walking beside her , rather than in his customary place behind .
two eyes like blue gemstones regarded him from their place set in a head carved from wood .
she removed a tall , slender pole from its place beside her throne .
` ` we are going to locate the worker of secrets , '' siris said , striding forward , tel falling into place beside him .
` ` i put protocols in place to prevent something like this , '' raidriar said to the devoted he held .
now in control of himself , the dark self and his own self working together , he remembered the little precaution he 'd put into place .
he was in the act of returning the box of sleepinex to its place , meaning to take something that sounded a little less like a sinister drug in a robin cook novel , when the voice spoke .
by the time he was finished , the dishes were done and they had left the kitchen in favor of the living room with its dozens of framed photographs , presided over by mr . chasse from his place on the tv .
` ` lois chasse , '' ralph said , taking his parking ticket from its place over the sun - visor .
the first thing he was aware of was that , while his own wedding ring was still in its accustomed place , ed 's was gone .
rosalie was missing from her usual place by the screen door ... and the door itself was standing ajar .
please , lois , say he 's all r- '' then the shadows shifted as helen moved to a place where she could actually see ralph , and she pulled nat 's face against her blouse and began to wail .
those words stung , but before i could respond , a young man slipped into place beside her .
before he could pick it up , the wizard stooped and seized it and set it in its place .
soon there will be feasting and merrymaking to celebrate the victory at the ford of bruinen , and you will all be there in places of honour . '
he had returned to his place on the wall .
the bars of iron fell into place inside .
thus men reached at last the high court , and the place of the fountain before the feet of the white tower : tall and shapely , fifty fathoms from its base to the pinnacle , where the banner of the stewards floated a thousand feet above the plain .
' order your fellows back to their places at once , if you do n't want me to deal with them ! '
it suddenly left the table and flew back to its place in aunt zelda 's book pile , much to marcia 's irritation .
domdaniel fingered the extraordinary wizard amulet , which was now back in its rightful place .
as they crested the stairs and turned into a side hallway , kelsier fell into place beside vin .
sazed surrendered the carriage and took his place a few steps behind her .
she stepped a bit to the side , and the man took a place next to her .
` ` go and sleep , mistress , '' sazed said , picking up his pen and relocating his place in the tome with his nger .
she sat , sazed taking his customary place beside her , and began to wait for her meal to arrive .
elend sauntered over to his place and sat down .
` ` all right , '' kelsier said , taking his customary place leaning against the cupboard .
vin glanced down just in time to see zane slow , then lurch upward - pulling on the coin that was now held in place atop the wall by the stone railing .
before i do ... . zane stepped away to a place near the center of the room , then kicked her fallen dagger into the air and caught it .
one of the servants led her packhorse over , then tied the reins into place behind allrianne 's saddle .
she had to hit the shoe just right , giving it enough downward force to keep it in place on the ground , but enough forward motion to keep her moving in the right direction .
sazed did n't know where they 'd gotten it , nor did he care , as they slid it into place where the gate bar had been .
25 ` ` fadrex city , '' elend said , standing in his customary place near the narrowboat 's prow .
no matter how good the dress turned out to be , it would look out of place compared to the lavish ball gowns .
elend nodded from his place at the front of the room .
the bar clicked into place on the other side of the door .
he had the presence of mind to leap from his bed at the sounds , grabbing a hardwood dueling cane from its place atop his nightstand .
a spike in one place creates a monstrous , near - mindless beast .
and , as vin investigated it , she discovered that yomen had removed all of the water barrels from what she assumed was their place on the far right corner .
` ` everything needs to fit into place .
the guards did not step on it , but led sazed around it toward a place before a group of stone lecterns .
yomen pulled the bead of atium free from its place at his brow .
his sudden push caused the wall to rattle , the old rusty nails straining in their places .
that and a ladder that could be moved into place at the entrance .
wax hesitated , then slowly pulled his shotgun from its place inside his coat and set it into the trunk beside his bed , placing it beside a companion he 'd left there earlier .
` ` fix the train car in place . ''
she held her breath , hoping he 'd pass closely enough to her hiding place for ... a rustle of cloth sounded , and the coinshot dropped into place beside miles .
he brought me screaming , fingers digging into my own thighs , holding my place , holding my place , while the orgasm shook me , took me , and my body spasmed around his .
he brought me screaming , fingers digging into my own thighs , holding my place , holding my place , while the orgasm shook me , took me , and my body spasmed around his .
i pulled away , but the luxen held me in place as the senator trailed the edge of the paper down my cheek .
the lake was just giving back the first rays of the sun when he found himself kneeling side by side with whin , as he had been told to , in the bows of hyoi 's ship , with a little pile of throwing - spears between his knees and one in his right hand , stiffening his body against the motion as hyoi paddled them out into their place .
it had been in its place since dawn .
they surrounded her ten or twenty deep , all facing her , most of them motionless , but some of them finding their places , as at a ceremony , with delicate noiseless movements .
all else was in place .
a few moments later , sabelle put the mirror in place for sydney , then cast the spell that allowed her to transcast to all of magickind .
lucy said nothing and looked very solemn as she took her gift down from its place and slung the belt over her shoulder and once more felt the bottle at her side where it used to hang in the old days .
steaks and new boots returned max 's glare with a placid stare , and began chewing cud where it lay in place .
` ` there 's plenty of work to be done on the palisade , still , and we want it in place before we move the stores up from the ships . ''
tavi looked up from his place among half a dozen cane - sized sand tables .
as the silver trumpet shrilled , the first spear turned to tavi from his place in the ranks , eyes searching .
marks on the painted concrete showed where his cage had been moved into place .
staying in place , she looked around to make sure no one had heard it .
the pool mechanics would have more than a cow if they saw the state of the truck , what with palmer in the front holding the passenger door in place .
they slid into place next to the woman who had been with them in the humvee .
bolts and bars were dragged into place .
everything had fallen into place ; it had been like rolling a dozen straight sevens at a crap - table in atlantic city and doubling your money every time .
` ` hi , '' she said , looking down from her place .
ze bool asked from its place inside his head .
organized battalions of mobiles dragged heavy chunks of sandstone and granite back to their corners , where other mobiles were pushing sand into place with mandibles and tendrils .
i shook the back of my skirt in place , smoothed it with my hands , and knew that the pleats in back simply would not be perfect until the skirt was ironed .
kitto took his place at my feet , and all we needed was a jeweled collar to mimic tyler at the queen 's .
rhys and frost took their places on either side of my throne .
when i showed up at his house the next morning , he had to undo about twenty locks before he could open the door , and even then , he would only peek out with the security chain in place .
i memorized the title and author , slipping the bible back into its place just as seth turned to go .
he 'd slipped back to his place between me and gabrielle .
instead , i linked my hand with his and stretched alongside him in the place he 'd made on the chair , resting my head on his chest .
his white waist - length curls looked out of place against the military look .
everything on the inside of him felt twisted and contorted , out of place .
from her place on the floor where she 'd landed , madeleine turned round eyes on him , aghast .
ah , the ways he longed to worship olivia on that bed ... marrok shook the thought away and continued cataloging the room in order to find a hiding place for the book of doomsday .
filostrato knew at once why they were forcing him to a certain place in the wall .
then sador smiled , but bade him return the gifts to their places ; ' give with a free hand , but give only your own , ' he said .
turin took a seat without heed , for he was wayworn , and filled with thought ; and by ill - luck he set himself at a board among the elders of the realm , and in that place where saeros was accustomed to sit .
he put the paperweight down on the ground that had once been a nettle - patch , placed it in the place that he estimated her head would have been , and pausing only to look at his handiwork for a moment , he went through the railings and made his way , rather less gingerly , back up the hill .
he had forgotten the prohibitions on leaving the graveyard , forgotten that tonight in the graveyard on the hill the dead were no longer in their places ; all that he thought of was the old town , and he trotted through it down to the municipal gardens in front of the old town hall ( which was now a museum and tourist information center , the town hall itself having moved into much more imposing , if newer and duller , offices halfway across the city ) .
if there was one job that gave mo the creeps , it was cleaning up the science labs - putting away the bunsen burners , making sure that all test tubes , petri dishes , unused filter papers and the like were returned to their places .
edmund made sure that his sword was in its place and then rose to investigate .
at the head of the table and in the two places beside it there was something - or possibly three somethings .
back to your places .
we ' ve only got a week left to put everything back into place .
rather he began to heave himself now across the ravine a little below them , and so slipping from their places turambar and his men reached as swiftly as might be the stream 's bed and came beneath the belly of the worm .
fats pulled the computer chair back into position , from the place where it had been knocked when cubby had hit him .
shirley sat and stared at the computer monitor , her thoughts scurrying like mice in a glass bowl , trying to escape , but there was no way out , no firm foothold , no way of climbing back to the happy place she had occupied before she saw that dreadful thing , written in public for the world to see ...
she stopped as the massive dog lifted his head from his place at the little hearth , and gave her the same steady stare he had in the woods .
` ` i keep my place over the garage , and make use of his house when i ' ve a mind to , as he 's out as much as in .
she hefted one , maneuvered it in place .
her feet were frozen in place at the doorway - from where she could see scarlett but was n't sure if scarlett could see her .
she dropped her bags in place and took a few deliberate steps closer .
dennis was looking up at him from his place on the hearth pleadingly ... hopefully ... fearfully .
lying there miserably on his sofa , wishing that dennis was in his accustomed place on the hearth , thomas thought : my head aches and my stomach feels sick ... is being king worth all this ?
thomas saw with mounting wonder that even his father 's old robe was still there , hung in its accustomed place on the hook by the bathroom door .
but roland was dead , so thomas had taken another chair to stand on , and from the wall he had taken down his father 's bow and his father 's great arrow , foehammer , from their places on the wall above niner 's head .
he tried to say again , and realized why the bow and arrow were no longer in their places above the head of niner .
balin in particular insisted on having the gollum story , riddles and all , told all over again , with the ring in its proper place .
it took a few tries to lift the board out of place , but once it was removed , the others were simple .
cassie opened it , knowing it would singe her fingers a bit before she could get the crystal in place , and it did .
her father 's book was still splayed open on the floor , held in place by the obsidian crystal .
cassie reached for the book with both hands and the obsidian crystal slid out of place and onto the floor .
scarlett smiled ingenuously and cassie led her to her place just outside a gap in the circle that had been drawn into the ground .
cassie swallowed hard and realized that faye was at her side , guiding her back to her place on the circle 's perimeter .
that part was real - as real as the tower , brooding in its place at the very end of end - world .
his swordbelt was back in its accustomed place , cinched tight about his waist .
` ` everything 's in place , '' nick interrupted , blowing out a match .
when all was set , he took his place on the circle with the others .
cassie watched him fiddle with the half - rotten wooden board and slide it out of place .
when they stepped into place , the fire began to smolder .
cassie picked up her father 's book from its place on the ground .
then she quietly returned to her place in the circle .
adam kissed cassie softly on the cheek before returning to his place in the circle .
when scarlett returned to her place in the circle , the offering was complete .
a big red and white sign for the inquirer was already in place across the street from the bucket .
` ` all lies well ; please come aboard now , '' he said , thumping to the ground and holding out his foreleg at once ; laurence stepped into the claw and was rather quickly tossed up to his usual place at the base of temeraire 's neck .
` ` laurence , '' granby said at his shoulder , ` ` in the hurry , the ammunition was all laid in its usual place on the left , though we are not carrying the bombs to balance it out ; we ought to restow . ''
the rest of the formation was already in place as temeraire and maximus rose to take their defensive positions at the rear .
there was a stately quality to the scene below : chessboard pieces moving into place , with the british ships advancing in eager haste towards the great crowd of smaller french merchantmen ; a glorious spread of white sail to be seen on every ship , and the british colors streaming among them .
instantly they were in place , berkley sent maximus ahead at the big dragon 's top speed , right at the clustered french dragons .
ringing along the galley chimney , words and the pounding of many feet echoed up hollowly from the gundecks : riley 's midshipmen and lieutenants were already hurrying men into place at the guns , their voices high and anxious as they repeated instructions , over and over , trying to drum what ought to have occupied the practice of months into the heads of men half - asleep and confused .
he shifted himself to make a place for laurence upon his foreleg , and curled about him with a small sigh .
temeraire was lying as flat as he could manage , the only help he could provide ; all his other attention was given to keeping his place .
laurence pushed forward along the gangway , forcing a lane against the men now running to their proper places : one of the marines hopping past , trying to pull on a freshly blacked boot , his hands greasy and slipping on the leather ; the gun - crews for the aft carronades scrambling over one another .
even the softly eroded , green - clad mountains revealed as the grey fog trailed away would not have been out of place in any mediterranean port .
the boardroom was shuttered against the heat of the climbing sun , with fans laid ready at their places to stir the moist , stifling air .
laurence took his usual place upon temeraire 's forearm ; after sleeping through the journey , he was wakeful , and told granby he would take the first watch .
besides the celestials , there were also several imperials present , including mei , seated farther down the side and looking very graceful in a rig of gold set with polished jade : she nodded to laurence and temeraire from her place as they took their seats .
` ` i am not yet certain , of course ; it is only hypothetical , and we can not take any action against him ourselves - we must leave it in their hands - ` ` the actors moved to take their places upon the stage , putting an end to the immediate conversation ; yet beneath his hand laurence could feel the angry resonance deep within temeraire 's breast , a slow rolling growl that found no voice but lingered just short of sound .
even the clothes that she had worn in the last year i burned also ; but those she had worn earlier , and especially what were left of those she wore in childhood , and any jewels she had loved as a child , i hung in their proper places .
for in some dreams , more madly still , i became a little ant , and the seeds were as big as millstones ; and labouring with all my might , till my six legs cracked , i carried them to their places - holding them in front of me as ants do , loads bigger than myself .
when it was in place , rankin detailed a couple of the younger officers , midshipmen , to stand on the other side of the egg with the mesh netting , as though they would entangle the poor hatchling if it should try and fly away .
they posted a watch that night , and twice temeraire and iskierka were obliged to shift their places , as the ground beneath them grew odd and unsteady to a probing stick ; caesar was nearly buried when abruptly a sinkhole opened beneath him , tumbling him down in a cascade of pouring sand .
granby was seated beside her , of course , and while she sighed in satisfaction over the elaborately layered dish of cassowary and crab and fruit , the american sea - captain leaned over from his own place , three seats down , and said to granby , ` ` i do n't suppose you ever go wanting a tea - kettle .
even a small rug lay upon the floor , and the furniture neatly joined ; laurence and granby stood raggedly out of place , and rankin for all his efforts was not much better arrayed .
the second gregor 's feet hit the rock they began to turn him in place .
the scorpion 's tail quivered in place for a moment , as if in indecision .
his eyes flew to the boulder first to see if the rats had pushed it aside , but it was still fixed in place .
sandwich 's sword was in its usual place , still carefully wrapped in cloth .
horatio and marcus were in their places , arms crossed , eyes trained on him .
` ` yeah , let 's start there , '' said gregor , taking his place on ares .
said perdita as he stepped into place , and she managed to shoot him an encouraging look between attacks .
when the command was given to assume their places , ares flew directly to their assigned spot on the wall .
` ` the bones can shift out of place again .
it had been moved recently - he could tell by the marks in the snow - and then moved back into place .
gregor took his place between the cannons .
lapblood sprang into place beside mange .
suddenly , the guard on the ground flipped onto his back , and hamnet stood in place , the guard 's sword in his hand .
hamnet took his place about five yards behind ripred off to the left , and frill backed him up by the same distance .
lapblood fell into place behind him .
a moment later an empty tin can landed in front of him , on end , with no more ceremony than a jigsaw piece falling into place .
he departed , watchmen falling into place behind him .
alas , there was no comedy about the fact that in several parts of the hippo , fights were breaking out between gangs of rival supporters , doubtless inspired by some of the shameful performances on the pitch ... as the two sides trooped or hobbled back to their places , the referee called the captains together .
he carried on with the calculation until the very last figures danced into place , made sure the archchancellor had left , gave a very small smile , which you might not have noticed had you not expected it , and then pulled another ledger towards him .
her dark gray hair was up in a bun , a dozen tiny golden ornaments - each one a ter'angreal or angreal - hanging in their places atop it .
egwene had to duck her head beneath a model of the sun in order to reach the place where bennae stood rifling through a stack of leather - bound volumes .
` ` you 'd fight me , '' gawyn said , finally doing up the saddle and lifting the bags into place , tying them on .
the aes sedai maintaining semirhage 's shield sat in their places outside .
of worn oak , the stain uneven , the box had enough dings and dents to look used - but was n't so shabby as to be out of place with her other things .
` ` i was interrupted even when i tried to learn a place outside a building .
the aged map hung where a fine oil painting once had , and seemed completely out of place in the room .
oxen did not reflect in the world of dreams , but plates , cups and spoons appeared , then vanished from places beside the firepit or on the seats of the wagons .
barasine glanced at egwene , muttered something under her breath , but remained in place .
gawyn said eagerly , sliding his sword in place .
still staring at the city , he reached to its place on his saddle and removed the statuette of a man holding aloft a globe .
rand hesitated , then slipped the access key back in its place .
galad glanced over his shoulder as dain bornhald arrived , saluted , and fell into place beside him .
perrin heard gaul rustling , slipping his spear back into its place on his bowcase , then withdrawing with the silence of a sparrow streaking off into the sky .
i 'll clear a place for the gateway inside it .
once the gangplank was in place , rand strode up it , followed by min with naeff and the two maidens .
the guard fell into place behind as ituralde crossed the courtyard .
sulin 's spears , however , pulled from their place on her back and spun in the sky , tips pointing toward her .
already drawn , arrow in place .
it was n't bad enough to stop him , though he did imagine a bandage in place on it , his clothing mended and tight against his chest to stanch the blood .
perrin threw himself out of the cycle , sending himself to a place beside one of the roof 's large statues , a pompous - looking general .
the great camp was already mostly set up , guard posts in place .
he released it immediately , and the shadows reluctantly crept back to their places .
it was as unnatural and out of place as the twisted red doorways were .
in seconds , a massive pavilion settled into place , the dragon banner flapping from one end , the banner with the ancient symbol of the aes sedai on the other .
charging men in full armor burst from the gateway , falling into place at lan 's flank .
talmanes and the others are in place .
with the foreguard in place and a camp established on the other side , it was time for her to cross .
that hat looks ... particularly out of place with that uniform '' .
gawyn pulled egwene to the sheltered place just under the edge of the cart , beside the tumble of wood .
perrin came to rest on a hilltop , gaul streaking into place beside him .
however , as aviendha reached for the one power , something snapped into place between her and the source .
plan how you will face the shadow together , do not let one man control the battle - and set your plans in place ; do not allow them to be changed '' .
mandevwin asked from his place beside the fire .
uno cursed and threw himself in a depression for cover , rolling into place moments before the entire hill shook like an earthquake .
she forced it with all her strength ... m'hael , straining , released a small stream of balefire upward , through the gap where the shield had not yet fallen into place .
it slid into place before her .
the pieces were almost all in place .
the morat'to'raken , sulaan , called to him from her place at the front of the flying beast .
chapter 47 watching the flow writhe aviendha struggled on the slopes of the valley of thakan'dar , trying to avoid the shield of spirit graendal was attempting to slip into place .
he tucked mah'alleinir away in its place at his belt .
his hands slid down further , cupping her ass briefly before finding their resting place on her hips .
lori was in her usual place on the couch , smoking her usual cigarette .
he inched his way into the dark alley , slinking beneath the yellow crime scene tape , already fluttering in places in tatters on the ground , nose twitching , picking through the scents .
i stared blankly at the back wall of the studio and held my place under the hot , merciless lights .
` ` i could put a shield in place at the top of the ladder , '' i pant .
only several of the more advanced beasts hold their place at a commanding cry from me .
after that came the picking up of the items already painted and the putting of them into place in the houses of those who had hired us , which i liked because i saw many rooms , and different people , though we always worked with our heads down and our eyes down out of respect , but still i saw things .
` ` and my james , and here , let me take my place under the tree , you come , you children , come here , all of you , i want to see everyone , and here , you put that baby in my arms . ''
old sarah had taken her place on the bench .
in a little while , she hurried back , fearful that shemayah might have returned and found her gone , and she disappeared into the house and the bolt was again in place .
as i helped joseph to take his place against the wall , i saw silent hannah .
slowly he moved back to his place at the table .
he put the shelves back in place against it , and hefted two loads of towels onto the shelves .
margon took his place again at the head of the table .
marchent had been laid to rest to the right , and a rectangular stone had been fitted in place near the head or the foot of the coffin , reuben could not guess which .
he rose and pressed towards the orchestra again , and finally found a comfortable place opposite against the stone wall of the house itself just below the far - right front - room window .
they were all rushing round the fire now to the place of the musicians and the cauldron .
silent , newt picked her careful way among the now bare rocks , her long feet looking sensitive and out of place on the parched red earth her curse had left .
with my dress now falling into place around my nether regions , i leaned forward to catch my breath .
i nodded politely and took my place in line .
his right hand was already in place , and without hesitation , i drove the spike through his palm and into the cross .
` ` no , but we got our team in place shortly after and have been watching things since .
volos had n't gotten my call and hastily put all these things in place .
for good measure , i took advantage of the added strength i 'd gained from mez 's potion and adrenaline to shove a large filing cabinet in place as well .
something shifted in my head , like the tumblers of a lock clicking into place before the safe opened to reveal its secrets .
the mayor 's dictate that dionysus was enemy number one in babylon greased the wheels , but it still took a few hours to get everything in place .
toby was still standing in the same place when i came back out , just a few feet from the front door .
he stood up from his place kneeling on the floor in front of the couch and sat down next to me .
we will get everything in place , and only when we have taken care of the society will we allow ourselves time to grieve . ''
she leans over and places both hands on the kitchen table , as though to verify that it 's real .
the table is my memories of the table , and my memories of the table are : minna hiding , brown knees drawn to her chest , sucking on a scab ; trenton trimming paper for a valentine 's day card , holding blunt - edged plastic scissors , his fingers sticky with glue ; richard walker sitting in his usual place at the head of the table the day after caroline had left him for good , newspaper folded neatly in front of him , a mug of coffee cooling , cooling , as the light grew and swelled and then began to narrow over the course of the afternoon , until at last it was no more than a golden finger , cutting across the room on a diagonal , dividing him from shoulder to hip .
i loved my father 's briefcase , with its dark velvet interior and recessed compartments , and places for his pipe , his eyeglasses , and his papers .
the group found their places at the dining room table and sat down .
snatching her cell phone from its place in the left - hand pocket of her olive khaki pants , she urgently dialed dannys number .
gently returning the brush to its place on her nightstand , she flipped open her brutally scratched cell phone .
oh , and by the way , you have a strand of hair out of place .
so robbie quickly stuffed the paper down his breeches and then resumed his place beside his brother , with a finger to his lips .
the floorboard in the corner was out of place , lifted away and left behind .
jamie returned to his place beside evelyn .
duke henrys sword knew its place in my hand , it had been bloodied , and all i d needed was speed .
it took place at the old templars church , between fleet street and the river .
crabs was a thick five - six and dressed mainly in his own hair , which sprouted everywhere with a weed - like disregard for proper place .
smart diane divided the opposition by throwing an arm around crabs and leading him to his place in the mud hole .
as night finally came to the long day , the heavens surprisingly cleared and filled with stars , all twinkling brightly from their chosen place in the universe to the earth below .
before she took evas place next to josh , julia discussed with her what lay ahead and the difficulties facing them traveling with josh .
he would leave then to go and sit , and sometimes read , next to mother mary , one of the statues that greeted the crazies from her place in the garden .
to him , what he and others had done was so totally unbelievable that he was incapable of believing it ever took place .
swinging her right leg over to sit down behind pierre , she feels the excruciating pain of an arrow finding its place in the flesh of her thigh .
looking down from her place on the horse , jehanne answers with a smile , were just remembering some fond memories , mother .
cutting rapidly through the air , the arrow heads directly toward jehannes standard , which marks her place on the battlefield .
with her soldiers backs to the sun , in place and ready for battle , jehanne rides out to meet with the noble .
he carefully placed it in the depression and covered it with sand , finally replacing the stone in its former place and scraping the excess material into the spaces between the surrounding stones .
as it was a weekday , they were able to find a parking place in the lot next to the city gates .
patience sat in her chemise and wrap while aunt harriette hummed a lively tune and coaxed each of her curls into its proper place .
he shrugged and waved his glass , never leaving his place at the mantle .
a grim - faced perry joined him as his second , and chilcot took his place just outside the ring , the bottle containing gareth 's ale held protectively close against his chest .
unfortunately after he completed his task , st . finbar discovered what had taken place while he slept .
waves lapped around their abandoned curach , slowly , silently lifting it from its resting place and bit by bit carried it back out to sea .
it took a little time for all the planks to be put in place .
slowly samuel pulled out his chair and wearily sat at his place at the head of the table .
excited and relieved at the same time , her hands trembled as she placed agathas breakfast tray over her lap and smoothed the covers into place .
he held forth his knife and fitted the broken blade into place .
but chris would have none of it and , as he tugged on her arm , she reluctantly let him move her into place at the foot of the bed .
as agatha 's breathing eased slightly , sarah let her relax back against the pillows that she had propped into place .
he heard the latch slip into place , then watched as she glided across the room to stand in the glow of the moonlight .
pulling his stock free and unbuttoning his waistcoat , he entered the parlor to find luther setting the last of the chairs back into place .
tugging her hair gently , nick pulled until she flopped back to her place on his shoulder , her soft curves molding perfectly to the hard planes of his body .
it had n't taken long for the pattern to appear , ad as each piece of the puzzle fit into place her outrage grew .
the sun left its hiding place in the gray , cloud - filled sky and sarah basked in its warmth .
she stepped backwards down the steps and took her place amongst the other olympians .
the other priestesses became terrified as a result , fearing that the murderer was some rogue god or mischievous faun that did nt know its place .
and then the eagle was no longer an eagle , but a small boulder , out of place on the floor of pebbles .
before you do , we 'll retire to our places at the anaktoron and start the mysteries ritual with the hiera .
during the past four days , walls had been repaired and makeshift roofs put in place .
when all was in place , tisamenus unlaced his sandals , discarded them , and dressed himself in seer 's clothes .
she heard the shouts of hoplite commanders , boatswains , and the echoing thud of dowel pins being hammered into place , the trills and whistles of flutegirls .
from shore , melaina heard echoes of shouting workmen still hard at building the palisade , saw huge timbers dragged into place by oxen , and clouds of dust billowing skyward .
jimmy was standing on a box putting the final touches to athenes bridle , the saddle already in place .
she returned the necklace to its place in the jewelry box and chose another .
morton was to leave the room , ostensibly to order the strawberries but in fact to check hastings soldiers were in place .
there was just one more element to put in place before morton left , i implore your grace , do nothing in haste , wait and see ; that lord hastings actions may more clearly reveal themselves .
in response , lipkind charged a polish policeman named komolka , hit him in the face and then went back to his place among the others .
when the tents were in place and the supplies unloaded , sirona offered to fetch fresh drinking water .
she rose from her place by the hearth .
sirona watched from behind a massive oak , waiting for the rest of the drui to find their places .
as people stepped back to allow the drui and sacrificial animals to enter the center of the circle , sirona hurried to find a place among the ring of participants .
she had the faint hope that what she was seeing was a vision , a glimpse of something which might take place but had not yet actually happened .
the turbaned drivers now shouted hindi obscenities as they walked alongside and lashed the sullen cattle into place for unloading .
hawksworth watched for a moment as the rajput guards began taking their place around the perimeter of the camp , and then he looked sadly at his waiting cot .
as they watched , three other men slowly emerged from behind the throne and took their places on the marble platform , standing beside the moghul .
then allaudin was escorted forward , taking his place on the platform beside her .
hawksworth did not move from his place on the carpet .
he took his place beneath the canopy , then turned to hawksworth .
all the guns should be in place just before dawn if i ' ve timed it right . ''
as the circle of elephants surrounding jadar advanced through the field , a triple line of his rajput infantry moved into place around him .
their own elephant had now reached the defense lines and it immediately assumed its normal place in the protective circle .
he took up his place at the front of the crowd and began leading them down the muddy road toward the torch - lit sugarworks lying to the left of the plantation house .
` ` what 's in place up there ? ''
i ' ve got twice the cannon on board that they ' ve got in place there .
over the past fortnight the old cannon had been cleaned of rust and primed ; and new dutch guns , all brass , had been hauled up by oxcart from carlisle bay and set in place .
` ` now , after you fire the first barrel , pull that little trigger there , below the lock , and the second one revolves into place .
by then the sea may let up , and they 'll have their heavy ordnance in place . ''
by the time the rains let up and there can be a real engagement , the english infantry 'll have ordnance in place and there 'll be nothing to meet them with .
john 's been off - loading my culverin and he should have the guns in place by now .
they waited until the engine was past them before they stepped out of their hiding place in the rocks .
she found it , stooped down and used both hands to slide it from its place .
she dropped to her place on the blanket .
her mother asked that she clean as while doing so she could tell if everything was in its place and further confirm nothing had been stolen by whatever intruder ( s ) had entered the house the day before .
but he came in for breakfast and opened the letters piled beside his place at the table .
the other men of the house party are playing at billiards in the game room , and i am with the ladies in the drawing room , sitting in my favourite place at the window seat .
mr.folliet came over to sit beside me , where i was perched in my usual place on the window seat , reading .
she was sitting in her usual place by the fire , but instead of huddling under her lap rugs and simply staring at the floor as she usually does , she was watching caroline and mr.carter , my brothers clergyman friend .
he rose from his place at the head of the table and went to kiss aunt debourghs cheek and offer his congratulations .
caroline stumbled up from her place at table and rushed blindly out of the room almost the instant m.de lacourcelle and my aunt were gone .
the twenty five foot tall pine tree was going to take centre - place underneath the curved staircase and would be the first thing any visitor to the house saw .
ran his fingers over them one last time , as if to commit their hiding place to fingery memory .
for colin and his dad all the pieces were in place .
dr.wesley looked oddly out of place among the glass - doored book cases , the vast , polished desk , the enormous ( that was the right word ) leather chairall off which reeked of rich after - dinner brandies and cigars , of ruddy , stout men , groaning from overeating .
and it happened for perhaps a minute before , with what sounded like a sigh , the branches slowly swung back into their ordinary place .
or been lifted up and set down , and not in quite the same place i had been before .
ma bichette was setting a reel into place with a look of pure concentration on her face .
some of the pieces were falling into place .
it was a simple single - chamber sepulcher , dug into the hillside , and we spent some time cleaning it and getting the stone portal in place , ready to receive the preachers corpse .
her son and daughter stretched their hands to raise her , and she became standing erect on her place .
the guards were staying down , some fifty steps from their place , sneaking looks over and above them .
while staying still on his place , he would gaze from time to time at his family , then to the public who had filled the hall .
- - - - - - george owen sat in his favourite place , a rocky outcrop above the eastern end of the dam , where the last huge stones had just been set in place .
men moved everywhere : operating the little railway bringing the huge stones , the smallest of which weighed two tons and the largest as much as ten , from a specially opened quarry about a mile away ; driving the steam cranes which lifted the heavy pieces of masonry into place ; laying the mortar which would hold them firm ; unloading pieces of steel , cement , tools and all the other equipment which had to be brought by horse and cart from the railhead at llanfyllin ten miles away ; making the new road that would encircle the lake when it was filled , and building that strange tower at the side of the valley , a few hundred yards north of the dam .
amy took her place on the stool , almost toppling it with her skirts until she pulled the cloth up to her knees .
meanwhile philip and john went on to the morriss encampment , where they were surprised to see the cart still in its place and the pony tethered nearby .
machinery to be put in place .
finding a place among the rocks , i sat down , took up the rifle and pointed it into the branches on the downstream side of us .
with the army on the move extra precautions were being set in place .
i suppose that made me more catlike , one out , always looking for a comfortable place in the shade , and resorting , when cornered , to secret weapons , on this occasion the agility and the stamina of a body free of alcohol .
nestling the explosives in place , watching all with parental fondness , patting the bombs with kitchee - coo strokes , blowing goodnight kisses .
the other bodies are secure in their places .
at bedtime char and jared place little joey in his crib , which was once his mothers .
as eldest son jacques place among the leaders of the city was already waiting .
sometime after ten they blocked off the street and a band stand was wheeled into place .
they used all four mules together to pull the base logs into place for the cabin , and helped her boys cut three more trees where the first field would be planted .
he also helped them move two more logs into place on the walls of the cabin .
i had thought it might be useful in getting a parking place .
then he went back and took up a very large place in the receiving line .
she went inside , lay down in her place and started snoring .
desperately , he looked around , searching for a place to put her hands to use the light .
we d have stayed here in the first place , would nt we , if we d wanted to settle in a small town .
not needful , adam katherine chose to start , blue eyes softly glowing , for you to cart all the books to your place when reviewing .
his back to her as he set the last few in place , pike tossed his head a mite .
completing her walk to the hotel , she left his dead body for others to puzzle over , hat pin tidily cleansed and returned to its place .
like a granite block setting into place in the pyramid , a second step to redeem his family occurred to mehi .
the drums knocked out sounds of a storm as the poor woman , finally digging her feet to hold her place , ever so slowly skidded into the beasts arms .
but the nomad was already cocking his hips into place .
mehi sat in the one open place on the floor .
erecting a hut for herself in the shade of a date palm near several medja families , theormi dropped a mudbrick she had been about to set in place .
the bear staggered , shook his head , then resumed his place , his fists doubled , the muscles along his arms bulging .
then the line of prisoners took up the heavy hemp rope , hauled as if their very lives depended on each stone arriving at its allotted place in the shortest possible time , and pressed their combined weight against the block until it tumbled from the sled and found a new home in the ditch over which they had laboured .
beneath them , on either side , was a long wooden runner on which the sled sat , the huge stone shoved into place on its broad back .
the messenger was in place and the will of my father was at work .
i should have known , she replied and returned to her place beside him .
he perched the hat atop its rightful place .
it was but a few seconds after that when the pair of men rode out from their place of concealment and pulled their horses to a stop right there in the middle of the trail .
glenbuckie returned the ancient weapon to its place on the wall .
from his place in the front line , rob could see the two hanoverian dragoon regiments standing ahead in a single line of battle .
rob climbed the stairs to the lord 's hall , where men where busy laying claim to their sleeping places .
she found she was smiling as she gave it pride of place in the small room .
after some deliberation , they decided that alex could stay in the tent with ellison until he could find a place for himself .
he arranges a complex pyramid of sticks that will fall when the bird disturbs the trigger stickwhich it will surely do , thanks to the pile of writhing worms kenaan places beneath the triggerbefore he moves on to the second trap on the other side of the clearing .
in the end its aunt zeda who organizes things and gets us moving , first shouting into her husbands ear and then my fathers and japheths , then yanking me and arisi , my mother and grandmother nemzar and shai up from our places on the floor , one by one .
i m gon na need your help , he nodded to emmett , who was ready to get his hands in place as the blood gushed onto the ground .
wade beamed for his plan was falling perfectly into place .
wade had heard of this type of woman before , but he had never met one , and he did not know what to say or even what had taken place the night before .
he reached his room and meticulously unpacked his bag , placing everything in its proper place , neatly folded .
the women stopped dancing and took their places at the sides of the man .
there is always a broken branch , trampled grass , or something out of place .
the first four took their places to stand watch , while the remainder of the group bedded down .
here help me to set this last rib into place , and then we will go to the tavern , where we can speak together without the distraction of the work here , yes ?
once the items were in place , masako could return to the room .
looking around him , he could see details such as door handles and ashtrays , and the wood finishing on the window frames , that he had witnessed being put in place at the works in derby .
in one single movement , vero rose to her feet whilst racing upwards on the right of the keyboard with her right hand , glancing downwards to make sure that the final note was plinked in to place by her trailing left hand , she moved toward sandra .
writing paper was put in place at the centre of the desk 's leather panel .
engines running , they taxied for take off one by one , their folded wings being lowered as they neared their place at the front , getting the right revs and waiting for their cue from bats , as crew men helped steady the wings , then crouch beneath them as the signal was given .
sobbing , she had helped the silent members of some other neighbourhood association place masako 's body on the back of a cart , on which it was slowly wheeled away to some unknown and insignificant resting place .
she took up her place beside the fine broadwood instrument .
a rather deep rut lifted her head from its safe place then set it down hard again .
he placed the bowl on the table near the wall then resumed his place beside judith .
there were a few horses stamping their feet as bits and saddles were thrown on and fixed into place .
adrian mounted quickly and took his place beside the prince .
he quickly closed it and returned it to its place .
adrian and the scout occupied a hiding place on the ridge of the hill , the other men were on either side ; ten to the left , ten to the right .
the young men were reclined back in their respective places , sipping at their cider .
henry covered it back over after a minute of this and returned back to his place at the window .
genevieve took up her place next to isaac and pressed his hand before they rounded the corner from the garden to the open yard leading to the castles gate .
the rest of their clothes were in several places on the floor of the tiny bedroom , victims of the lovers ' hunger for each other .
now , ill place the rest of the pins on the table in a heap .
the gallows loomed , out of place in the bright sunshine of the morning .
not even had the trial yet and the gallows is there in place to greet them when they come from the castle .
the man paced and dictated : i have logistics in place to attack at first light tomorrow .
~ september 17 with the cannon in place , the men shoveled an embankment behind it to slow the recoil .
mary took her place by archies side and kissed his cheek .
after the royal family passed , those assembled found their respective places , richard took his place on the dais , stood at the head table , and raised a glass .
taking the stool from where raymond placed it , she seated herself in the appropriate place in front of the royal family .
from the group on the right , a robust young man stood and took his place in front of the ladies .
as richard took his place on the floor , anne joined him .
anne put the poker back in its place and turned around to face nannette with both hands on her hips .
jake and rose settled into the back seat , and violet and iris got into their places in front .
he caught the door before it slammed home and eased it into place .
setting the dish of soup in lucs place , the butler blocked the door .
madeline kept her place .
i slip the book back into its place just as i hear a knocking at the door .
they are always put is a safe place when we come upon another ship in the open waters , sir .
after the hovering machine is assigned to him , mandar moves it into place to constantly watch the area of daniels ocean portal .
she was sensible enough to know that high heels and ball gowns would have no place somewhere like montana .
the boot drew back again and found a soft landing place in the middle of ridge 's belly , then duff moved away and joined hutch at the table .
clarence broke the silence from his place by the fire .
alma backed first one horse and then the other into place next to the wagon shaft .
her rope pulled taut , holding the steer motionless as judes noose fell into place around the animals horns .
she fell into her usual place , racing alongside the lumbering cattle and waving her hat over her head to keep them moving .
half an hour later , when he was sure that the austrians and the russians had fallen into his trap , the french emperor gave the order to release soult 's corps from it hiding place in the fog .
he searched the small cabin thoroughly and finally found a hiding place for the sack in a niche up among the thick - hewn beams which supported the roof .
` ` we do n't give up , '' mexican joe swore from his place beside blackie .
at last binnaker himself returned , closing the big front door behind him and dropping the stout cross - piece in place across it .
as he was rolling up his gun - cleaning gear and stowing it in its place in the saddlebags , there was a low knock on the door and then it opened .
sharma draped a cloth over the dresser , set up the targets , and heaved himself back to his place .
sure jack , please , robert says moving over to give jack a place to sit on his bunk beside him .
it ai nt hurt none , wes just gots to put it back in its place in the mill .
as they enter the yard , everything seems to be in place , but overgrown with weeds and grass of the past summer and fall .
the men find resting places around a couple of the wooden tables left over from the 4th of july festivities .
there was always the risk that the angry - men would do something stupid , but all four of the local police had taken up places right across from the front doors of the hotel .
we rode and as we did , it was a muddy mess everywhere , especially the trail covered by downed tree logs , bushes , brush and even large rocks out of place .
he took the radio off his back and set it up in its usual place in the corner .
lucio tried to step closer to leonardo as if trying to crash into him , but i stayed firmly in place .
i shook my head while returning to my place .
before the chest was finally in place , with her bare foot she pushed the offending piece of paper under the door and back to its owner .
` ` i would have much rather portrayed new hampshire , '' flora declared , matter - of - factually , while fixing a side of her hair comb that had slid out of place .
he mumbled , and then shouted , ` ` everyone , get in your places , quickly , quickly ! ''
as they flew around him , they circled closer , screeching at one another , fighting for a place in the sky directly in front of him .
they brought the ladder back to its place and disappeared back up through the hatchway .
he took his place behind the gang and waited to see if any of the other men were about to join .
then he placed the board back in its place and hammered the nails back into the wood with the butt of his dagger 's handle .
philippe comes back with bandages all over one arm and a scalp wound that needs stitches , but he does nt come home until he has reached his places on the river , and he arrives home exactly at the two week point , carrying the front claws of a grizzly .
they are organizing their response and getting resources in place .
nule found his place and then readied his weapon .
he walked back into the store , heading for his place behind the counter where he had a clear view of everyone coming and going .
he pulled the black velvet curtain into place .
chapter three jason groaned as they lifted the notched ten - foot log up and slipped it into place along the back wall of what would soon be his new livestock shed .
vick waved to them from his hiding place in the trees a dozen yards away .
in three places they pulled pieces of wood from my skin where old boards had exploded into me , but the rest of the cuts were just the result of crawling over glass and other debris .
the french leaders have a plan in place by mid afternoon and levis and much of his staff rides east to his encampment .
the tv was in the same place in the dining room and the newscasters were in the same place along the highway .
when he d turned from his place before the altar and seen her walking towards him in a cloud of lace , or a few minutes later when shed given him her hand and her trust with her vows ?
he marveled at how easily matters fell into place when one obeyed mohammeds writings , which for necat placed honor before all other considerations .
in one day workers would have at least the framing and trusses raised in place for structures built of lumber .
it sat in pride of place on their mantel piece .
mister dalton grabs me by my collar and pulls me up onto the deck as the cover begins swinging over the gaping hole to be gently lowered into place .
the general feeling is the edith b will make it to london without incident , but the replacement stanchion will have to be in place before the ship leaves london .
by late the next afternoon the new stanchion has been set in place as part of the standing rigging , so mister dalton and i go ashore to explore london .
he motions me to sit , so i do so in my normal place at the table .
his eyes flickered to where the men on the piling had just , thank the gods , managed to get the beam pulled up and were levering it into place .
but the bridge stood ; and as the timbers of the second span were carefully levered into place , it became evident that it would continue to stand .
but they 'd reached the great central span , and the immense beams were being swung into place .
the first of the huge beams was swinging into place .
the chariots were already jostling for position as the general found them a place on the low stage that had been erected by the starting line .
we keep things running properly , everything in its place , and we make sure the boundaries are kept .
high above , a slash of white on the captoline hill showed where he 'd begun the foundations of a temple to jupiter , massive blocks of stone being levered into place .
his way from the dining hall to his bedroom should have been a simple walk through an arcaded corridor , but this being collatia , and half - built , he had to detour around a pile of dumped sand and a couple of massive roof beams laid across the corridor , waiting to be slung up above the columns that were already in place , and then out and through a dimly lit yard , and then back into the house by a rear door .
* * * it had taken five days to put the columns of the stoa in place , and now they stood uneasily , insecure , waiting for the beams to be slung across between them and the frames of the roof set up .
the huge frames for the roof were ready now , and would be lifted up beam by beam , each mortice and tenon fitted together , and the great ridge beams nested into place .
once that was in place , they could sling ropes round it to bring up the other beams , and throw planks across from the end wall to the beam to provide a secure footing for the roofers .
by the end of the day , though , the first third of the roof structure was in place , with temporary plans laid across the joists and lashed firmly to provide a secure footing for the builders .
though the roof frames were all in place , only half of it had been tiled ; the sight was vaguely disturbing , like a skeleton with the flesh partly eaten away .
there was something comforting about the feel of it ; maybe that was why so many soldiers reached for their cocks as a reflex action whenever they were afraid , not touching themselves in any sexual way but just to check everything was there , in its right place , the one thing they could count on .
the honest work of setting that sculpture in its place had given him joy , the same joy he 'd had camping out , or in his first chariot races , or currying a horse .
servius had n't even realised he 'd said , almost under his breath , the words ` ` of course '' ; that he 'd nodded , an almost imperceptible nod , as something shifted in his mind and settled , like the huge wooden bolt of a temple door slotting into place .
just mnrva and the quadriga to put in place . ''
there was the statue of mnrva , ready in place , and there was vulca , standing on the edge of its plinth , leaning into a sling he 'd tied round a great beam , reaching up to dot the pupils of the goddess 's eyes .
teitu already had his men and women in place ; it was a question of picking the right time .
two of the bearers took the wooden board and threw it across the mouth of the pit ; the noise was sudden and loud , and the men recoiled , then remembered what they were there to do , and stooped to ensure it was well in place , pushing one corner down where it had rested on a clod of earth , levelling the board roughly .
slaves cut stone into blocks and other slaves lifted the blocks to the half - built beacon - fort , others putting the blocks into place .
after the skeleton of the ship was in place , it would be covered with overlapping layers of planks .
it was the first time we had done this together since we had practised at the villa just a few days before and they were all clumsy finding their places , but gradually our shield wall took shape .
annie , in the process of lifting a pair of heavy silver candelabra from the table to the sideboard , came close to dropping these unquestionably expensive pieces before getting them safely to their allotted places .
nate pulled the basket out of its place under the carriage seat and said , ` ` certainly , and if you would carry these blankets mrs . o'rourke gave us , i 'll bring the basket . ''
consequently , she carefully kept her eyes on the tray as she crossed over to the tea table , where she began to gently lower the tray to its resting place .
she still had two more floors of lamps to clean , and even if she put off cleaning the rest of the lamps in the house , she still had to return the lamps to their proper places before lunch .
energized by the thought that cartiers disappearance would shift the attention of the police away from jeremy , annie began the long process of returning the lamps to their allotted places throughout the first floor .
the tall policeman took his place on the dicky seat , whipped the horses , and in a few moments joseph was gone .
would you please see that its mounted in a prominent place , say , in front of the times and seasons office ?
some of the lower window - frames , which joseph himself had helped set in place , had been smashed in .
several workmen were standing atop the temple walls , ready to swing the stone into place after it was raised .
then well lock the windlass an swing er inta place .
we shall see to it that this painting is hung in a , ah , prominent place in the temple .
he put the cane back in its place , resting against the wall .
true , jacob perrin had been careless in not finding a more secure hiding place for the treasure , but he could hardly be blamed for the crimes of the soldiers .
this was open to the sky and had four more guns in place .
well , that will keep his leg in place for the moment , i said , standing up , but he ought to be in the care of a surgeon .
i asked to be directed to the surgeon , and found his tent still in the same place at the end of a line .
jack and ezra relocked the door and put the key back in its place .
i ve finally figured out your problem , you know , delamere commented to him as they rode in their places in the long line wending its way north to cardigan .
she sighed and with her thin hands smoothed down the skirt of her gown and plucked at an out of place thread on the fabric .
as longsword made to step outside , richard delamere moved into his former place and teleri saw him watching gwalaes with a different , though intense , emotion .
he removed his arm from her waist in order to wipe his sleeve across his mouth but it was a fleeting respite and the arm was immediately returned to its lodging place .
he waited for a runner to bring back word that everyone was in place and then it was time .
she noticed several people standing at the guardrail watching the waves and found a place and gazed across the familiar expanse .
soon she saw her place from far off , gasped and lifted her bottom off the seat half standing .
as soon as the wind veered a few more points to the east , the captain ordered the crew to hoist the square sail into place .
those men of kiev who could n't find a place on the ramparts climbed to the roofs of their homes , and loosed arrows , slingstones , spears , and rocks , at the desperate pechenegs below .
she complied , and he took his place next to her .
zack asked from his place in the back of the buckboard .
he helped her back to the sofa and took his place next to her .
without a backwards glance into the village hall , de villaret strode to take his place at the front of the column , next to a knight leading a string of pack mules , aware with every step that the womans eyes were still locked upon him .
he heard the bolt being slid into place , and the sound of the oak bed creaking as a ponderous weight fell into it .
the two men finished loading the wagon and sutter dropped the end board into place .
although the stonework was mostly complete , no doors or window shutters were yet in place .
he leaned over and lifted the weapon from its resting place , grunting with the weight of it .
he heard his men move into place behind him , making far too much noise .
as they hammered the bolts into place on his ankle cuffs , pirmin eyed the jailer .
heller started to say something but was interrupted by the shrill hammering of a soldier driving a pin into place on one of pirmins cuffs .
he picked up one of the coiled lines , put it over his head and shoulder , and then pulled the steerboard hard to one side , wedging it in place with the helmsmans body .
satisfied , he freed up the sail , tacked once more , and cleated the sail into place once again .
in movements faster than he could carry out or witness without the blood , he put the thermos in the backpack and slung it into place .
he only hoped everything else was in place .
of course , he replied , still sashaying in place .
it was a pretty pink - white stucco that would look perfectly in place on an italian hillside .
she refused to budge from her place in the doorway to the library .
tom and grace were laughing so hard from it slipping off so many times that the head barely made it to its proper place in one piece .
once the electric shovel for jon was in place , tom carefully went upstairs to begin transferring the rest of casey and james presents from their closet to the hallway closet .
the last gift was slid into place and he examined the hiding spot for any tell - tale wrapping quickly before closing it and turning to the door .
hot chocolate was brought out and tom felt relaxed despite the strangely gifted snow globe that had a new place on the mantle above the television .
the fourth wall was erected soon and the roof was put into place with some help from tom .
you know you can tell me if something is bothering you , grace mentioned with a small frown as she wrapped her arms around his neck to hold him in place before her .
soon clothes were being folded and brought to each room to be put into their proper place and the kitchen sparkled as if it was brand new .
tom looked over the closet to be absolutely certain everything was in its proper place before slowly closing the door .
miller closed the door behind him and , after a moment , managed to work the lock into place .
miller grinned to himself , once again taking his place against the wall at the back of the lift .
things falling or being moved from their place .
maybe something had fallen off his dresser , but everything seemed in place .
she felt drugged and helpless again as the levirs reached under the bed and grabbed her legs at the thighs , pulling her across the wooden planks of the attic floor and out of her hiding place .
i had gotten used to the normal sounds of the house , and still i awoke at the slightest sound , waiting for a noise that was out of place .
i brought some of those ` ` orlando magic '' flags that people used to attach to their cars windows and crammed them in place along the weathered railing that goes around the front porch .
it looked quite out of place on the snow covered ground .
both men checked each other over making sure everything was in its place and secure .
making his bed , he tucked the .45 colt revolver back in its place in his nightstand and headed down the hall past jakes room , through the living room , and into the kitchen .
birds flew to their resting places in the trees .
he opened the door and was stunned to discover that everything was in the same place he d left it after his last visit eight years ago .
we then decided to put the plan in place that resulted in the attacks yesterday .
grung flipped his sword into place and ellie drew her gun .
led by commander wallace , the day soldiers have a plan in place to take the world back from the dead .
when we were brothers , it was just in name only , but now that we are sisters , its like a puzzle piece has been put into place .
i suspected the security protocols he wanted put in place .
not one strand was out of place .
brings those who need to be realigned back to their proper place .
pieces fell in to place , one by one .
he maintained his place on the edge of the bed all that first day waiting for the night to come .
he droned , lifting his body from its place leaning against the wall at the bottom of the steps that greeted the front door .
james replied , still not moving from his place of repose on the bench - bed .
there was a thud just as she put the kettle back in its place .
his boots scuffed the circle and knocked the candle from its place as he reached elise in time to stop her from connecting with keith .
to be certain , i will make sure to put certain safeguards in place .
i drew a great couch out of its place near the corner , so that as i lay , i could look at the lovely view to east and south , and unthinking of and uncaring for the dust , composed myself for sleep .
with one sweep of her powerful arm , the countess threw the door shut , and the great bolts clanged and echoed through the hall as they shot back into their places .
the great box was in the same place , close against the wall , but the lid was laid on it , not fastened down , but with the nails ready in their places to be hammered home .
the great box was in the same place , close against the wall , but the lid was laid on it , not fastened down , but with the nails ready in their places to be hammered home .
dressing - gown and dress were both in their places .
she restored the sheet to its place , and we came away .
i took up my place behind a yew tree , and i saw her dark figure move until the intervening headstones and trees hid it from my sight .
it was now my object to trace that horrid cargo of the countess ' to its place in london .
she give much talk to captain as to how and where her box is to be place .
but the thin woman did not be offend , and went down with the mate and saw where it was place , and came up and stood awhile on deck in fog .
he grabbed the flashlight from its place in his belt and clicked it on .
james conroy , who watched from his place in the topless hummer behind the lead vehicle , could nt help but recall the long days and nights he had spent in vietnam .
fortunately , security is aware of this type of man and they have protocols in place to protect the girls who work there .
stephanie wondered if it was out of place for her to be riding a bike through the woods on such a day .
this took place on a sunday afternoon in may while mary did her yearly planting of impatiens , mums and marigolds throughout the backyard .
lynda retreats to her previous place near the jacket pile but remains standing .
i step over uncle waynes body again and return to my place on the couch .
i elevated the table , made the necessary cuts and placed the pans in their respective places .
she smiled , then at my urging , moved forward , with me taking my place beside her .
still , he stayed in his place and did nt advance toward me .
i went to the door , opened it , and looked downstairs , it was quiet and the alarms were in place .
we shoot the zombies with silencers and they fall , the rest will keep their place waiting for us to come to them .
evidence was in place , bodies were in place , all belongings thrown in save for the keys which spencer needed in the ignition .
evidence was in place , bodies were in place , all belongings thrown in save for the keys which spencer needed in the ignition .
after a quick scan and noting everything was in place , spencer looked at holly .
everything was in place now for their discovery .
dropping the axe back into its place , he kicked the barrel over , spilling gunpowder on the floor .
and all of the money she 'd been saving was about to burn in its ' safe ' place under a floorboard in her room .
probably it was of basalt , though weeds draped the greater part ; and such was its lonely and impressive place on that far hill that it may have been a temple or a monastery .
at the train station , i locate the lockers , place joshs suitcase in one and then buy a ticket to germany .
i will give sam five minutes to get into place and then start down the alley .
justine asks from her place in the corner of the room .
she turned and sat down at the top of the silvery slide and began her descent , but some errant wind caused her to lose her place and tumble off the edge of the narrow chute , towards her doom many meters below .
he retreated back to his counter , sent jorges fork , knife , and dish through the washer , and returned them to their proper places .
he turned up the bottle and washed down the last of the pills before thumbing the remote and returning sarah to her place at the edge of the dock .
i can even make out oleg , bron , ret and the others crouching in place on the escalator , waiting for me to finish .
with the ground rules in place , the authors set out to craft their tales .
then they came to a curve , the road broadened , and the sedan slipped into place beside the truck .
maggie had the oars in place , and the two women took an oar each , ready to pull .
she slid the book out of its place in the shadows on the thick , dark wooden shelf , hefted it to a little round table in the corner under one of the narrow windows set deep in the gray stonework , sat in the dark brown round - backed leather chair , and turned back the thick black hardcover with its gold embossed lettering .
she backed away from the peep hole , heart pounding , closed the inner door , and returned to her place on the couch , willing herself to remain calm .
she rushed back to the kitchen and grabbed a long steak knife , then slid the security chain into place on the door and slowly opened it until the chain was taut .
ashley pushes her dinner over to her mothers empty place at the table and clicks yes .
the five men found places near the windows facing east , but soon had to move to each side of the cabin as the zombies reached the perimeter and began to swarm around , encircling the property .
bru made sure to put fresh hand - towels in place for them both .
it was a great and beautiful tree and deserved to keep its place beside the lake .
ben kept driving that day , looking for something out of place and , the longer he drove , the more he began to feel that maybe his gut was wrong about today .
everything in its right place .
she could smell smoke which meant fire and it was not where it was supposed to be it its place but it was coming from denises place which meant that denise was in danger !
when he was done for the day he found a bed and slept and woke up the next day and went back to his place in the machine making meat from widgets .
ewen and jennifer found them in their respective places and handed them over to the security guard who quickly filled in the last details on the r.a.s pink slips .
with their tasks at hand they all hurried to their places disappearing at either ends of the hall , mikes sounds of pain echoing out after them .
suddenly , the wood that covered the rectangular window fell out of place .
he slowed down as one police car after another slid into place , encircling him .
it looked out of place on his pale , sweaty face .
the three vegans took us back onto the interstate , but i could n't see enough from my place on the floor to know where we were headed .
` ` you -- you 're kidding , '' lima said from her place on the belt .
` ` i ' m not a junkie , '' she said from her place on the couch .
rollinthor blurted , his hands returning to their place on the white table .
as the giant rectangle of red stone reached the apex of the pulley , a team of workers roped it in , guided it to its destination , then signaled to the ground below where the counterweight bucket was uncorked and the slug mules untethered , allowing the stone to settle into its final resting place .
meanwhile , in the village , matteus , the aggressor of saint , was already place to head of the other inhabitants with the complicity of his / her best men , also them hunters , among the roughest and bashful of the village .
it was not so much this ch'egli you / he / she would have lost of her to destroy him but that ghosts ch'ella you / he / she would be had to bring within for the rest of the life , without possibility ch'egli could do i load to its place .
in various places , the floor was covered with not - yet - clotted blood , and this time a few shreds had reached the ceiling .
to their place a gate appeared in front of which a man attended .
they are already to place .
the sitting table and two of the chairs had been turned over and there was broken crockery covering the floor in places near one wall .
with a bit of effort , halen managed to pick up and settle the big easy chair in it 's proper place .
he slid it on with some relief , checking to make sure that his .44 automag was still in it 's proper place , strapped high on the inside of his coat between his shoulder - blades .
the bouncers who had helped out that girl were back now , resuming their proper places at the door .
her hair was an unkempt mess , and her clothes were slightly out of place : she never checked her appearance anymore if she could avoid it .
mes in place .
he put the book of script in front of daniel and returned the other to its place .
when they had it in the water and ezekiel had the oars in place , captain shouted down , do nt bring me only men , now !
captain stood waiting for them on the grace with lanterns in place to light the way .
samuel answered josephs questions and they spent two days on the ride putting the pieces into place .
you can tell satan all about your disgusting perverted lies , lashod said , as he locked the handle for the table in place .
the attendees of the birthday party were laughing at wilson as twisto reached a place where he could hit the unorthodox barely alive writhing and spinning piata .
and talking about said three headed dragon - dogwho in hells going to believe that story a satanic looking beast that was specifically put in place to protect a lunar ruby mine .
i trust everything is in place ?
i take it everything else is in place ?
clayton knew everything was in place on the american side .
once inside nelson placed a palm print onto one of the many internal panels and the reflective wall that had previously descended into the recessed floor firmly rose back up into place .
terrifyingly , everything fitted into place .
with most , but not all , of the pieces of the puzzle now firmly clicking into place , obliterating that belligerent piece of human excrement had just become , once again , his number one priority .
* commander elias penchansky left the horrors of the whitehouse building behind him , and as he strolled through the red misty vapours of the south lawn on his way to the main road , a smile returned to his lips and he could nt help but laugh out loud at the ludicrous events that had taken place over the past four days .
it looked completely out of place with the , muted metals of the rest of the ship .
the chair was back in its place , nothing apparently missing , no strange articles of clothing littering the floor .
she drew the blankets back over her mother and tucked them into place .
the bed was made with hospital corners , and everything seemed in its place .
everything was in the same place shed left it before going to take a shower .
driton and josh stayed in their place when josh heard a noise behind them .
no , it is nt , chris said , fiercely , straightening up from his slouch to place balled fists upon the tabletop .
hearing the zipper of the leather binder being closed , alex woke to see zeke place it atop the wooden crate across the room .
maurice tilted reginalds hand , which was still attached by a flap , back up and into place .
the only way for council members to see where the council would go next was to follow the instructions given by the algorithm and wait until all of the pieces fell into place .
she was holding one of his shirts , and set it on the bed , neither back in place nor in the suitcase .
they d turned the place over for prints and dna and returned everything to its original place .
i returned the book to its place on its shelf and went back to the kitchen to check on the coffee .
i sat down at my place at the table and looked out the window .
after getting in place , they burst into the garage and found some bloody clothes and a mask that matched the description that mark ellis had given them earlier .
to the far corner , part of a building was constructed and in place .
a drainage gate at the right side of the parking lot exploded out of its place .
i hefted one bag into place and packed the other two to the huckleberry bush where sebastian was .
why would she think my shoulder is out of place ?
rudy watches them leave from his place at the bar , seeming more confused about them than me .
inside an open , circular space , a diffused light flickered constantly between dark and light over malformed faces which , in their own way , were worse than the creatures sunken eyes squirming back and forth in their sockets ; white lesions with swollen or loose - hanging flesh some open and exposing bone ; mouths drawn back over teeth that had been bent and pushed out of place .
recovering as the dust subsided , they searched for their torches and switched them on ; and their attention was drawn back to the entrance , to a muffled but unmistakeable sound not far from it - rocks sliding from their place , scraping against each other , toppling away .
he did this absently for a few more moments , thinking about what he should do with this dangerously wonderful clue resting at his chinand then froze in place on the dome , his sleeve slung over his shoulder , his fingers touching the enflamed skin .
such a fanciful decoration seemed out of place on a man with such obvi from the previous night , a memory flashed in brines head , a memory of a silhouetted man tugging at his ear , his left ear .
she withdrew her head from the window and the splashing ceased , replaced by the whoosh of displaced water and the thud of the front door closing on its frame , all of this followed by the soft thunk of a crossbar being dropped into place .
she could n't remember if she 'd properly locked the side door , and she fought to recollect that familiar latching sound as the bolt slid into place .
she kept thinking about her side door , about how she could n't remember the bolt sliding into place .
she was unable to see he was barefoot from her place behind the counter and since he was clean and tidy , if a little pale , she felt nothing was amiss .
without thinkini guess because i was shit - my - pants scared , right , and that instinct kicked in againi slid a board in place over the first window , propped it with my knee , and started poundin nails .
it moved fast and rolled into its place , filling the little valley created by the two small rises cutting across my property .
a shovel handle sticking up in my face would have been annoying as well as out of place .
i am the one always teasing you about how all your tools are always in their places after a days work ?
when she did find something out of place , once , she made a big deal out of how i had missed one .
the explosions stopped and the fallen mehen and his demon cimeries waited for an hour to pass after the explosions and they rose from their hiding place and headed for the door .
john was still in his place at the edge of her dreamscape .
by the time he was dropping the last floor mat into place in the kitchen , he was breathing hard , his arms and shoulders tired , his back sore , his hair wet with sweat .
it looked exactly the same as it had looked an hour and a half agothe tables littered with red cans , the trash bins overflowing , the chairs dragged here and there instead of being pushed back into place .
and then he winced , let his arm move back into place , covering both eyes .
alice resumed her place at her chair , next to rebecca .
i opened my revolver and went to dump the shells , but thought better of it , left them in , and put the gun in its place in the back of my jeans .
there d been four killings so far on the islandjamie had been on island for threegod , how he missed salemand each time the killer had gone to great length to hide his post mortem tattoo in a different concealed place on the corpse .
she let the book close just keeping a finger in place .
for example , i m going to make three books on each shelf in the room come out ten feet , then go back in their place , merlin explained .
terry took his place at the end of one of the shorter lines and waited his turn to enter the door .
he thought , but of course everything appeared peculiar and out of place .
you know , doc , that fireplace was a bit odd , it seemed to be out of place somehow but i could nt really find anything wrong with it .
inhaling , he bent down and set the chair back in its place .
while the vampire pulled himself to his feet , vasile grabbed the longbow from over his shoulder , drawing his first arrow , putting it in place and aiming .
the walls of the room were lined with shelves upon shelves of containers and jars , along with many tools hanging in their places .
madalinas eyes had adjusted to the sparse light of night , but once the stone was lowered into place , all light was snuffed and it was complete blackness .
andrei was paralyzed with indecision , but ileana did nt hesitate , leaping over the counter and quickly dropping two door beams into place just as a pair of bodies pounded into the door from outside .
finished , he tossed the pallid body aside and ran towards his vampire companions to help them push the humans back into their place .
i stared down at the cover for a moment before putting it back in its place on the shelf .
he had an eerie feeling about the room , like some invisible terror was looming over it , putting things in place , preparing .
gibbons followed her , crossing the hurricane created by the fans to take his place behind the door .
the sun was setting , the yard was decorated , and everyone was in place .
his joints took the strain , nothing popped out of place or broke and he turned fast to fend off a possible attack .
lindsey grunted the recliner into place next to the sofa and straightened up , breathing hard .
she took another drag from her cigarette , put a puzzle piece into place and seeing helen still standing in the doorway , shouted , leave ! !
both notes were written and put into place by her aunt prior to starting work on the puzzle .
relieved that grandma was n't awake and in her place on the swing - seat on the porch , violet glanced behind her , to make sure her mother was n't being natural in her own tiny world .
i bit my lip hard as i looked around at all the boxes and bags , knowing there was no way i d get everything unpacked and put in its place in one night .
the cherokee 's cockpit had come to its lopsided final resting place wedged in between two large trees that frederick was thankful had not tested the strength of the plane 's seams .
he was n't even looking when the ball clanked into place because he was summing her up for later .
the spindly legs kicked very weakly now , and quimlicu carefully placed the primed arrow in a safe place beside him .
the skinning knife glimmered dully from its place in the mud at his side .
a strange look came over the old womans face as her hand slid slowly from its place in the magazine .
on it , nothing was out of place ; everything seemed to have an unseen outline beneath it .
and whether it was this or simply the fitting of another piece inevitably into place , the end result came hard and fast .
the wicker seat still sat in the same place as always , facing the park .
when i entered the room , esau was seated in his place at the head of the table , sipping coffee from a heavy porcelain mug .
in that time , the sun slowly ascended to its proper place in the heavens and the remnants of the fog disappeared .
i would have suspected trevor , but when i turned my head , the kid had not moved from his place on the floor .
the bureau was also in place , along with another dozen or so small boxes .
she reached over and folded the bottom third of the ladder up into its place .
folded the ladder back to its place and pushed the attic door closed .
she kept her head down and kicked at the random rocks that sat dislodged from their places , skittering them into the ditches and mud holes that ran the length of the trail back here .
each chair pushed back to its place .
she looked up from her place in the street into the dangerous yellow eyes of the man shed almost hit seemingly years before .
the curtain fell back to its place and for a moment arnold thought his gambit had failed .
he shook his head and slid the gun back to its place on his hip .
the young man glanced back , from his place arched over his work station , to kolt with fearful and almost teary eyes .
i bravely move closer to the gap in the train that used to be the window , pull my handgun from its resting place against my thigh and brought it to my eye level .
` ` i would request those great hearts to please stand on their place who .
` ` so gentleman would you please tell us about the reason for showing such attitude , '' the old man said and then moved from his place at a side so that his victim can handle the mike , goku moved forward and then stood silent in front of the mike , he looked behind towards the principal , '' we are waiting mr , we are not having the whole day for you '' the sound echoed in the whole hall .
patience , alfred , the elder comforted , rising from his place on the floor .
a week , no more , the old man said from his place on the bench .
kathryn started to say something , but behind them great black stones slid from their place in the ceiling the room around them was sealed .
when done , he resumed his place by my knees .
if the recoil did nt bounce the chain out of place , the blade would simply slice it in two .
the coffin lid was settled into place and nailed shut .
all seemed to be in its rightful place , but something was decidedly off the pot made hissing sizzles , stirring him from his seated position , and like a robot , he rose , obeying the over boiling fluid beckoning him .
richard waited alone in reception , staring at phil 's jacket hanging neatly in its usual place .
this night was cold and clear , lit by a bright half moon , he took up his hiding place under the curtain of willow branches and waited , it was nearly an hour before cairo appeared on the window balcony above the tree , she was wearing her white sleeping gown and had tied back her long dark with blue ribbons .
in his hiding place across the lawn , beneath the slender willow branches , mr underhill braced himself , his fists clenched tight .
the trouble started after the performance , the final piece set in place .
the wheeled ladder was already in place next to the directors desk .
the new building , twenty - four stories tall , already had the frame work in place .
every object was in a proper place and now that was going to change , and he was not a fan of change .
the tree was withered , dead and looked completely out of place .
the osage women reentered the room and assumed their places in the corners .
as he completed the sacrament , he froze in place , unmoving and unresponsive .
by the time , they had cleaned up the house and put everything in place the friends were completely exhausted .
wishing i could see just one thing out of place so i could charge into the middle of em again .
it is stripped offthe paperin great patches all around the head of my bed , about as far as i can reach , and in a great place on the other side of the room low down .
my mother was of an old hungarian family , and most of these pictures , which were about to be restored to their places , had come to us through her .
as i stared at it , the figure appeared to have changed its place , and was now nearer the door ; then , close to it , the door opened , and it passed out .
in the next place , it was accidentally discovered , although she always locked her door on the inside , and never disturbed the key from its place till she admitted the maid to assist at her toilet , that she was undoubtedly sometimes absent from her room in the very early morning , and at various times later in the day , before she wished it to be understood that she was stirring .
from this point he watched until he saw the vampire come out of his grave , and place near it the linen clothes in which he had been folded , and then glide away towards the village to plague its inhabitants .
with that being said , i think our goal should be to confuse the hell out of them -- make them work for it ... '' ` ` you ' ve already got a plan in place ? ''
my thick sideburns and goatee would look out of place if i cut it , and since it was so popular with the ladies i figured i might as well hold on to it a little longer .
others moved the rolling staircase into place near the nose of the craft , allowing the goons to carry me up towards a smaller door built into the side .
megan sniffed , wiped her eyes , and moved across the bench seat , taking her place behind the wheel .
feeling frustrated and overwhelmed , she snapped the book shut and returned it to its place on top of the stack .
once they got the truck in place , woo climbed out .
the whole universe , alice , even nature itself , is outraged by what took place out there tonight , something which should never have ... . philip came into the room carrying drinks .
ahead of them was about a hundred and fifty feet of open space , broken only by a small mimosa tree at the back curve of the driveway which would afford them no hiding place .
alice let herself be maneuvered to the exact place where she was to kneel down next to nicholas .
clenching his teeth he pulled the disjointed knee with his hands and felt it ' pop ' back into its proper place .
after getting the bridle and bit in place , she was buckling on the saddle when a faint scream came from the direction of the house .
okay , the pot told her as everything settled back into its place .
i scanned the room , ensuring everything was in place .
the oneirophage slithered in place on the cross , now beginning to slide down its length , his face , shoulders , and chest disappearing behind the ledge of the platform as they penetrated the chamber below .
his senses spun in a few last centrifugal revolutions around the rim of his inner skull , then settled back into their resting places .
he flicked the rest of his claws into place beside them , letting his palms hover over the tantradox like the shadow of death .
the old coffee table was not in its usual place .
his cell phone was in the kitchen on the table and his gun was in the same place .
` ` i ' m just trying to put everything in its place and figure out what happened .
tea with linsey was followed every afternoon , so the book of matches and candle were in their rightful places .
* * * late in the evening , after trista and paulette had gone to bed , michael and amber sat in their usual places on the sofa , cuddling to the sounds of the evening news that softly murmured in the distance .
i kept a watchful eye for things that seemed out of place or otherwise dead .
it looked quite out of place .
katie looked up at the grimacing pine from her place on the ground then scrambled away and managed to get herself up on her feet .
jsus would have expected that the toilet would have been the first priority , but george explained that the bathtub would need to be in first so it could be fit into place with no real trouble .
everything was still in place .
there he stood , with his back facing the sun , before motioning everyone to their places .
by the time they had the foundations in place , amy and lynn had nearly finished cutting and assembling all of the framing .
jon moaned again , softer this time , and his head wobbled a little , then settled back into place .
when sven pulled on one finger , the others would tighten , and when he let go of one he had pulled , it went back to its place , holding on to janes shin .
he spotted a cluster of three zombies who were milling in place and aimed the car so that the zombies hanging on to the right side of the car would be swept off by the zombies in the road .
the chain slid out of place and clinked onto the ground .
then he ran back to the gate and shut it , being careful to lower the vertical bar into its proper place , and put on his shoes .
i stared at the house with its grey stucco and charcoal roof , my red honda still sat in the same place in the car port , nothing had changed .
my furniture was in the same place that i had left it .
looking around , he noticed things were out of place and his fridge was cracked open .
perhaps he had gone to the closet after brushing his teeth , pulled a blanket out and made a place on the couch .
the characters on the glockenspiel stood silently on their mounts as they waited for the gears to click into place for the next movement .
the man held his place for a minute longer then pried himself off of malcolm 's lips .
wears a small posy of flowers in one of his upper button holes - they look ridiculously out of place .
jason moved up to lift my jacket into place .
i put the trash can back in its place with all the little bits of debris back inside it .
micah moved out of the way as monica took his place kneeling in front of vivian .
a duck boat crammed with tourists sailed by , looking high and out of place on dry land , the driver bawling into his loudhailer about something historic .
tom craned up from his place on the curb .
once the chairs were in place , they lowered the sun - blind over the lobby 's main window .
she spoke quietly from her safe place within the circle of clay 's arm .
from his place of dubious shelter at headmaster ardai 's side , jordan watched him closely .
` ` do n't count it out , either , '' jordan said from his place beside tom .
from my place on the bench i was able to look across at the visitors ' bleachers and could see that the few libertyville fans there were going crazy .
something was wrong , something was out of place , out of joint .
the windscreen had been smashed through in two places ; handfuls of safety glass fragments were strewn across the slashed seat covers like trumpery diamonds .
he did n't look at me ; he simply drove to his accustomed place at the back of the lot and parked .
` ` maybe , '' kenny franklin says from his place in the row of chairs along the wall , ` ` maybe it 's some kind of disguise this fella puts on .
most of the seats were still in place , but the red plush was faded and threadbare and smelled powerfully of mildew .
i parked it in its original place , removed my shirt , and rubbed all of the metal in the cab with it in an effort to remove fingerprints .
so she leads them back to the house where they 'll spend so much of their time in the following years - the house at 19 maple lane - only it is really duddits who leads the way , prancing , skipping , sometimes lifting his yellow scooby - doo lunchbox over his head , but always , beaver notices , keeping at almost exactly the same place on the sidewalk , about a foot from the grass margin between the walk and the street .
with the mat of clouds firmly in place overhead , all he knew for sure was that it was daytime .
then mr gray once more resumed his place at janas 's motor controls .
on his knee instead of his shoulder , freddy reaching back from his place behind the wheel and shaking his knee , but still intolerable .
the drawers juddered out of their places in the desk and clattered one by one to the floor .
do you see the numbers starting to roll into place ? ''
` ` that 's when i heard the last number clicking into place , edgar the powerball number !
and the doll bearing silent witness from her place against the breadbox .
everything i had learned about you said that you would turn me down , so i had a contingency in place . ''
and as the stripe became a string , first slipping across the floor and then climbing up the far wall , fading as it went , those shadows would begin to creep out of their places and spread across the room like inkstains , eating the light as they grew .
when she had put the last pin into place , she reached for the bathroom light - switch , then paused .
and once that detail had fallen into place , others began falling into place around it .
gerald seemed to be talking to her from his place on the floor .
mo is in its accustomed place , but bangor west is still three cuts away from the end of its season .
on the fifth advance , the tentacle remained in place , coiling with a languid , spiraling movement , until it filled the bowl .
the extra room was still an extra room ; the stayfree maxis and stayfree minis still occupied their accustomed places in the cupboard under the bathroom sink ; the cardinal still paid its monthly visit .
stuttering bill had watched the unequal race from its start to its preordained conclusion from his place against the side of the building .
he could feel them settling into their accustomed places , their feverish bodies jostling each other .
and without bothering to roll up his pants - or even to remove his sneakers - richie jumped into the water and began to slam sods into place on the nearside wing of the dam , where the persistent current was pulling fill out in muddy streamers again .
now he closes it , holding his place with his finger , and says with some concern : ` ` everything cool with you ? ''
then the statue , not really sculpted at all but simply cast in some ohio plastics plant , had been set in place , still shrouded in a whack of canvas big enough to serve as a clippership sail .
he pushed silver on to mike 's place .
will sat on the yoke of his harrow and patted a place next to him for mike .
richie 's transistor was hung by the strap in its accustomed place , on the thick branch of a nearby shrub .
he stepped up to the bar and elbowed himself a place .
maybe i should have told them , he thought , putting the last of the magazines back in their places .
he allowed richie to push silver down , and when they had reached the bottom , bill put his bike in its accustomed place under the bridge .
in their places were ten cellar - holes that looked like swimming - pools .
and all that hard work - chopping the rats up , mixing in some water to keep them fresh and make them gooey , getting up early , sneaking into her bathroom while she was asleep , carefully putting the guts in place - wasted !
` ` i need to have five sets in place before i summon lord loss - each game is played on a separate board . ''
five chess sets lie in place on the three tables , which we ' ve shoved together , piling the books and other odds and ends on the floor .
dervish is lining up the pieces , making sure they 're in the right places .
he pushed the flaps of the carton closed and shoved it back into the linen closet , making only a token effort to replace it in the same place it had been .
panic burst shrilly up in his mind , telling him that he had to get out of here and back into his room , hide the pills somewhere , return to his place by the window so that when she returned she would see no difference , no difference at all , and this time he agreed with the voice .
he gave the guide - lever a final wrench and rolled the wheelchair into place beside the window just as her key rattled in the lock .
he put the book carefully back in its place arid began rolling the wheelchair toward the guest room .
he returned it to its place and re - locked the cabinet with a flourish .
after all , only a corner had been sticking out ; it might have slid forward a little from its place under the seat while she had been driving to school this morning .
the mail was in its usual place on the carpet - not very much today .
he was standing there and looking at me with not a strand of hair out of place , his garrison jacket half unzipped .
the question was painfully out of place , but still needed to be asked .
old bea from baltimore had confided in mary that she kept finding stiff places on andy 's sheets .
i could see the doorknob , silvery and a little tarnished in the place where palms had gripped it .
i had a thigh holster that i 'd modified to hold extra magazines for the browning and the mp5 , which would go on a tactical sling across my body once everything else was in place .
i stood up , tugging the straps into place , and smiled at edward .
i would n't have been able to do it without moving things out of place , but olaf seemed to glide .
the suburbs are not great for finding spots to put a sniper , but we had them in place , some in evacuated houses near minns 's house .
getting everyone in place took more time .
everyone gathered the equipment they 'd put down and settled it in place .
i had the browning 's holster with its extra ammo , and the big knife down the spine settled in place .
evan stood with me , taking a place right next to me .
i must have kind of popped my shoulder out of place a little when i caught you before .
my face hit the blanket - covered mattress and i bounced up and down once before settling into place .
she suggested that he stay in and watch ` ` sesame street '' -the time would pass faster - but he shook his head firmly and went back to his place on the curb .
and when he felt he had an opponent dead in his sights , an intellectual sort of buck fever seemed to take place between his speech centers and his mouth and he would freeze solid while the clock ran out .
he flicked the wheel back the other way , in the skid 's direction , and the car 's front and rear began to swap places .
it was in the parlor that her brother 's coffin had stood on a trestle bedecked with roses , chrysanthemums , and lilies of the valley , their dry perfume filling the room while in the corner the poker - faced clock kept its place , ticking and tocking off segments of time in a dry age .
by the time the last sods were back in place ( she had fitted them together down on her knees , as if doing a jigsaw puzzle ) it was a quarter of nine .
she was afraid the old woman would rise from her place on the porch and denounce her , demand that she leave joe and go to those ( to him ) for whom she was intended .
he ran to the hearth , pulled up the stone , and ripped the ledger from its place .
stu thought they sounded like boys who had just discovered sex , were comparing notes , and were excited to find that all reports put the receptacle in approximately the same place .
he sat on a slant , almost in the place where a middle front - seat passenger was supposed to sit .
they had come down from their places and sat in a rough ring around the camp , not howling now , only looking .
heavy brackets were screwed into the gates , but the bar the brackets were meant to hold was not in place .
nothing hung upside - down , nothing burned , nothing seemed extravagantly out of place .
thousands and thousands of them , lined up along roofpeaks and jostling for place along the telephone wires , the way they did in the early spring , while the last snows of march were still lying on the ground in dirty little granulated piles .
thad started talking about getting rid of stark two books before the last one - ' ' three , ' thad said quietly from his place by the mantel .
he took it out , set it in its accustomed place , then gathered up the pencils and put them back into it .
another sparrow landed , jostling the other three aside for place , and beyond them he saw a whole line of birds sitting on top of the carriage - house where they kept the lawn equipment and liz 's car .
but he already knew , and he felt another block of whatever unthinkable thing it was that he was building slide into place .
alan pushed the inter - office telephone back to its normal place .
she started to slide the suitcases back into place between a tall pile of walt 's old college texts and the floor lamp that crazy woman 's dog had knocked over and which sarah had never had the heart to throw out .
his smiling wife looked at it from her place in the lucite cube .
hooked over one of the bedposts and looking out of place was frank dodd 's holstered gun .
jean - claude came to me while they were wrestling him into place .
the bee ruffled a little but kept its place .
bud and ollie weeks , who both knew her , just looked impatient and irritated , but any summer people around her stepped smartly away , never minding their places in line .
by four - thirty that afternoon the sacks of fertilizer and lawn food were in place and the big windows were blocked off except for narrow loopholes .
jang - jang - jang - jang , it 's you , hal , it 's finally you , you 're over the deepest part of the lake now and it 's your turn , your turn , your turn -- all the necessary shoreline elements had clicked into their places .
he did n't see any paperbacks , but he saw the picture , leaning against an ironing board and held in place by a couple of plastic laundry baskets , and his breath stopped in his throat .
the thesis she had been reading was still on the floor beside the chair , her place marked with a torn - off matchbook cover .
she walked downtown to the market , got some ground meat and two ears of fresh corn for her dinner , and spoke pleasantly with madge tilletts at the checkout counter and dave rutledge , who was sitting in his accustomed place at the front of the store , caning a chair slowly with his old , bunched , and arthritic hands .
if he showed signs of dropping out of his place in the sweep , leaving a hole which could conceivably have caused them to overlook the lost boy , ruth would send him back to bobbi 's right away ... but he kept up , hungover or not .
moss had used a gadget like a metal - detector to guide each component to its final resting - place c first off the truck , then through the garden , then out along the well - worn path to the dig .
moss shut the pumps down regularly , in sequence , so that they could pound in loose clamps or switch them to a new place along the hose if the ground was getting loose where they had been .
he was able to clear a level place on the cutlass 's hood just above the right - side headlights where he could stand , and then the work went faster .
without allowing himself to stop and think c the silent creepiness of the place might have gotten to him then ; he might have just turned and run c he dug a clear place on the windshield and peered in , cupping his hands to the glass to cut the glare from the moon .
when the sentry moved back to his former place , ginelli walked toward him on the sentry 's blind side , no longer making much of an effort to be silent .
just three days after george meara 's bellowed conversation with aunt evvie chalmers , a little girl who was exactly tad trenton 's age stood up from her place at the breakfast table -said breakfast table being in the breakfast nook of a tidy little house in iowa city , iowa - and announced : ' oh , mamma , i do n't feel so good .
she pulled free of him and got the washrag from its place , hung over the sink faucet .
those for whom he had contracted to do work could pick up their furniture at the shop - the key was on the ledge above the door , just to the right , and would they kindly return the key to the same place after they had made their pickup .
besides , the chairs had been out by gary 's chrysler in their accustomed places .
the one time she had tried to unroll it more than a quarter of the way , cujo had left his place in the shade of the garage and had come around to tad 's side as fast as he could , growling eagerly .
she pointed the gun straight at his face while joe and mike moved the other bucket into place .
some of the floorboards are rotted through , but nothing is out of place .
mort had convinced himself that the bank would discover their error and would remove the money from his account and would place it in its proper place .
she moved her sweaty , wide , body to my abandoned place against the wall and stood joining the two homeless people leering at me .
i tried to keep the cage steady , and the bird stayed silent as i carried into the conservatory and found a safe place for it .
back in the lounge , i gathered up my tools , and was about to get the furniture back in place , when i noticed a lump under the carpet , right slap bang in the middle of the room .
he , i m not sure why , perhaps the lack of breasts of any kind , convinced me that it was indeed male , returned to his place on the sofa , and with a casual wave of a tentacle , invited me to sit on an armchair .
with the necessary deceptions and subterfuge in place , i felt as though i ought to be excited about the new mission upon which i was about to embark .
note that those tabs also cut down on your work because you do nt have to keep putting the furniture back in place if people ca nt move it out of place to start with .
note that those tabs also cut down on your work because you do nt have to keep putting the furniture back in place if people ca nt move it out of place to start with .
but it would be a pity to give up just as it was all swinging into place .
i followed and after hurriedly pulling on an old sweatshirt watched her place the package on the kitchen counter before turning to face me .
twenty - one even , i told him after having secured the gas tank lid and replacing the nozzle to its rightful place .
she swayed , and crawled back to her place on the bed .
they had just been standing in their places and jiggling to thriller , with june dancing and miming like michael jackson , to great applause .
when louie entered , the tellers were in their places so all looked well to louie .
the plan was in place , everything was set for the morning .
with a cleared path now in place , bull neck drove a truck in loaded with prefabricated boxing sections .
all the sections of boxing for the pipe supports were in place , right up to the rock that was to be blasted .
most of the concrete had been poured and the pipe supports were now in place .
once the charges were in place , bull neck carefully checked everything once more .
just after midday the pipe work was in place and pearl called louie back with the digger to fill in the trench again .
big tyme takes the object out of his back pocket as big shot slides out the name plate out of its stationary place on the door .
finally , a few minutes later a stagehand , walking by sees the forklift out of place and moves it , and rich inc explodes out of the office and heads toward the ring .
bubba took his place behind the card table which had been set up at one end of the room in an effort to give him some air of authority .
fosters consciousness caught up with him , and he rose from the ground to resume his place beside her on the bench .
one by one the rangers took places behind the closest rocks , a move they had well - rehearsed , and waited for magnus signal .
zeke stood beside shari and rebecca took her place in front as she set her timer on it .
they might seep , bleed together and appear out of place , snow in june and sun in november , making a mockery of calendars and confusing tortoises whose owners had packed them up in straw and cardboard or only recently coaxed them out .
ritual behaviour , everything in its place and a place for everything .
its a good thing it occurred to me only later , as the thought might have unsettled me so much i 'd have returned the piece of mail to its rightful place inside the mailbox .
luckily , jacques had had his decorator place several large mirrors around the room , so this made capturing the appropriate images easier .
rip off or fold the top portion of your notes with the killers name on it and place in the container .
it struck him that something about the scene was out of place .
a second group of men were moving the small cages into place for the animals and hauling them off when loaded .
every cowboy and miner let out a sigh of discouragement and then went sadly back out to their traditional places outside the picket fence .
it ran out as far as its chain would allow it before realising the futility of its task and returning to its place .
everything seemed in place when she knocked .
her eyes moved to our table , to john , before she returned to her place behind the counter .
every mountain and island were moved out of their places .
the small man wearing a bowler and dressed in a dapper tweed suit with bulky coke bottle glasses shuffled into his place in the center of room and gently coughed , trying to grab their attention .
her long black locks fluttered in the breeze as she took her place beside the death watching the sand dance over her newly painted toenails .
he walked into the courtroom and took his seat in the oversized chair he had decked out in red velvet , with a place for his beer on one side and a television remote control he used for his gavel on the other .
the sudden movement startled him , and he bounced off a cushion into a safer place on the couch , away from her jolting pursuit of comfort .
he closed the door in the wall and with mick 's help slid the wardrobe back in place .
after all , my mother was the type who wore high - heels when she vacuumed , and would rather be rolled in grape jelly and staked to an anthill than be seen in public with even one hair out of place .
leigh ann quietly took her place on the sofa .
teri declared from her place on the floor , one bronzed leg stretched out behind her , the other straight in front .
i d slotted it all into place .
then everything is in place .
i saw lights coming down the tunnel and quickly returned to my original place beside duncan .
we put them in their places , ready to vanquish them when the drilling is complete .
the master of ceremony was standing in front of the chair technically belonging to the former emperor , and the seven high lords approached their places .
the duke finally reached his place .
this convinced me to keep my place , venturing out only furtively when the need to stretch my legs became unbearable .
a sizable portion of the hill facing me had been excavated , and what seemed like the foundations of a building had been set in place , although i did not recognise the materials .
and i have no doubt that the science cabinet sat back and cheered as another part of the scheme slotted into place .
each item fit into place upon his belt cell phone , pda , gps .
his eyes rolled backwards as drawers slid out of place , and the whole shebang threatened to tip over .
our expansion out of state i postponed until everything was in place for overnight distribution .
as the empty container was returned to its place sid continued , oblivious to any curious goings on .
fut offered drinks and nibbles before returning to take his place on a giant pillow .
the speech was highly emotional and informative , yet entirely unnecessary and completely out of place with the mood and manner of the room .
the seats the two humans sat on rose from their place to around fifteen feet in the air .
dollop wrestled his arms in to place .
cutlery had been strapped in place upon the inside of the lid .
switching the record button to play , hugo wheeled the gramophone back into place , set the needle and waited .
eight kids and hardly a frond out of place .
if still suspicious of his credentials , jittery tourists could be put at ease by witnessing the glass and steel framed 8 inch x 10 inch photograph of him shaking hands with fellow american actor charlie sheen and , next to it , his phd imprimatur from the university of chapel dale , both of which were hung in pride of place on the wall opposite the two and a half seater in his cosy little sitting room .
he was able to get the jump and place hammer in a stifling headlock .
mike found a place to stand between cuddy , and who he assumed was mary .
the series of events perfectly orchestrated and in place , mary was the sole golfer ahead of cuddy .
the rudiments of a plan were taking shape in stans mind , its various strands formulating coarsely in its infancy but falling nonetheless into place before him .
larry was unable to be there to see the final board nailed into place , but had sent his regards .
the right systems need to be put in place .
sure enough , a chemical transition had taken place during the hours of pleasure and darkness , one shifting my appearance from membership in a fruit basket to enrollment in the vegetable genus , specifically the radish family .
a systematic search of the room followed , indicating in eerie fashion to me that everything was in place .
it would n't be any more out of place than a native of northern france fulfilling the position of a moroccan rail porter , would it ? ''
meanwhile carpenters plans were set in place .
manoevering a galvanised iron bath into place under the dispensing head .
the final bucket had been removed , the dispensing nozzle fitted , sidewalls set , starting block put into place and the mixer run up .
silently commanding my men to prepare their places , i had one troop i assigned to myself for backup as i began hacking into eras systemusing robyns ipadwithout trying to spark their awareness .
whereas before he was capable of calculating his place in the queue and was forced to bide his time waiting to be served , now he was ungoverned by any system of priority and he would dash around the aisles grabbing what he wanted , stand in front of people obscuring their view and reach across them to remove things from the shelf .
there was little need for the producer to indicate to the prompter that he should hold up the board which said applause , for so loud and spontaneous was the ovation that arose from the throats of the many who crowded the great hall that their cries could be heard over a hundred yards away inside the walls of the dog and dyke where it was the moment at which all the bar room spectators stood silent as sprinter sprake took his place on the oche and took aim .
everybody else was already in place in the living room and there was nowhere left to sit so i was forced to squat down just inside the door .
clarence , lee and cloud took their places around him on other rocks .
haddington came striding down the couple of steps with cynthia on his arm and followed by his party , as they strolled down the centre of the room everybody got to their feet and applauded loudly , they kept it up until the old lord and his group reached their table and stood in their places to face the room , then all his party too joined in the applause .
if i may , your lordship , your cravat is a little out of place .
avalon and knocke spoke enough to negotiate temporary confinement in atrium in exchange for revealing the womens ring that scafarel had put in place through elony .
with a neat flick of his wrist he had flipped the car door back into its rightful place , and casually cradling a present from london city in his left arm , he turned with certain expectancy towards the house only to find it unlit , silent and quite obviously abandoned .
simon kutt mp , strutted onto the stage and took his place at the podium .
the line made a slow and sombre shuffle towards the office entrance , and at its head were five or six volunteers , who took the slithery little offerings , and put them in their correct place .
she 's had twenty years to think up traps and get them in place .
mindy finished , patting things more firmly into place in the buffalo harness .
aaron walked up to the front of the gate and watched harvey and henna scurry around , getting staffs and charms into place .
back at the gate , aaron gulped a few times , made sure the wizardry he wanted to try was all in place , then reached over and put his hand over the sword .
henna had moved back to her place at the table and was watching the stone twitch carefully .
very good , anastasia said from her place on medium daves lap , who was thoroughly enjoying her company .
coop and wendi bristled , but they backed down when meatrack strolled over to his place for the free throws .
the room had characteristics more befitting of a museum cataloguing the history of torture : a rack would not have been totally out of place .
they finished setting up and shuffled into place .
vindicated , i took my place back on the futon .
( all storm off , e 5 places chair upstage center ) e 2 : ( from off ) lol that 's awkward .
i usually knew everything on my desk , so when something was new or out of place , i had to look again to find out why .
what gods hand has taken may be returned to its proper place .
the cabinet doors and drawers were all open , but the dishes and kitchenware items were pretty much in place .
however , items of value such as the tv and stereo equipment were all in their places , apparently untouched .
the door to the walk - in closet was open and items from the shelf covered the floor , but the clothes hanging on the rods were still in place .
seeing mrs . terrells things still in their places .
on seeing anything that they do n't understand , or looks out of place , or looks in place for that matter , the patient will point and squeal like pig .
ambrose supposed the cooker must have been put in place before they built the kitchen itself , because it would never have fitted through the doors .
selena abruptly woke up with those words clanging in her ears like noisy pots and pans falling from their hidden places .
the floor around the bar was illuminated with blue lights , and even from our place at the entrance , we could see the water flowing beneath clear glass tiles .
i put the empty plate back in its place , picked up a second martini glass full of the bright yellow liquid , and crossed to where quinn was sitting .
i heard sandras voice some time later , and she took maries place on the couch .
marie stood and crossed to the kitchen , pulling takeout menus from their place on the fridge , still holding the bottle of tequila in her hand .
as he drives , the reverend peers and bobs his head to various degrees of angle , alternating from the windscreen to matsons and his own side - windows , as though he is double - checking that everything is still in its place since his previous visit .
he replaces the glass to its previous resting place , as though he were an automaton , before meticulously adding more from an already half - empty bottle .
by the time he entered the bedroom with a healthy stride and one hand on his belt buckle , laura was putting her skirt back on , showing signs of tears and giving him a death stare that would nt have been out of place in a divorce court .
dave pushed , looking for some commitment from a man who looked permanently startled as he sported a snail like moustache on his top lip and eye brows that would nt look out of place on a squirrel .
i have a plan already in place actually .
he had a 3 pm at food united group and the first part of the plan was in place .
this was the last chance saloon , and with 3 hours of research and a carefully planned series of conversations , dave had got bill into the room and his fool proof plan was in place .
and , of course , the allusion to old - age is entirely out of place .
alarmed , it ran up ogslaughts arm and settled into its usual place on his shoulder .
rockhard took up his place at the end of the slackline .
it echoed around the stadium , getting faster and faster until the two opponents moved from their places and approached each other to a background of roars and cheers .
indeed , that sentiment could have applied to the corners itself , for like the leavings of a great southern feast left out on the table too long , the dishes had been put down on the floor for the dogs , the serving containers had been been cleared , the table wiped down and polished , and the chairs put back in their rightful places .
italian herb bread 1 - 1/4 cups water 1 - 1/2 tablespoons olive oil 1 teaspoon garlic salt 3 - 1/2 cups white bread flour 2 teaspoons granulated sugar 1 tablespoon dried parsley 1/3 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese 2 teaspoons dried , minced onion 1 teaspoon basil 1 teaspoon oregano 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder 2 teaspoons active dry yeast place ingredients in bread machine according to manufacturers instructions .
nothing would be out of place as the office could be seen quite clearly on the web cam .
shallow lucys astrologically heavenly rosemary and garlic bread 1 - 1/2 cups water 2 teaspoons sugar 1 teaspoon garlic salt 2 tablespoons rosemary 2 tablespoons minced garlic 1 tablespoon olive oil 3 - 1/2 cups bread flour 2 - 1/2 teaspoons yeast place ingredients in bread machine according to manufacturers instructions .
they actually took up a large portion of the small table and i wondered where shed place her drink when it was delivered .
not so cold you could see your breath , yet not so warm that the camouflage jacket the man wore would seem out of place .
three miles away , a battery of mobile artillery was just setting itself into place .
snatching the dagger from its place beneath his pillow , he plunged it through the devils heart .
when we had finally finished work on the house , and everything was in its proper place , it was not long before the subject of getting a dog came up .
thirty - six pounds and half an hour later , joey was back in his rightful place on the floor in the lounge .
i had noticed an odd thing about kopek , if we put something in place to try to secure him ; he seemed to take this as some sort of challenge .
well have a short session of prayer before eating the lords food , he told them before taking his place on the raised platform .
abe and shorty found a place to stand at the far end of the platform near the steps and waited along with everyone else to see whom the dignitaries would be .
` ` not sure , i was nt in charge of that , i was ensuring the overhang weight allowance of the platform would carry both of us and that the counterweights were in place in case of a power outage .
` ` its scafarel , she said we should leave now , she s waiting for us , the broderie is ready , and she needs us to put in place the lighting gear for the king fahd causeway going to saudi arabia . ''
deftly , she told the worker to put green , red , and yellow lights in the lamp post , and the truck which had brought them , lifted a hoist to put the lamp post pole in place .
` ` the planes moving but the hedge is not in place , oh , oh . ''
on the sideboard cupboard , which sits directly behind charles place at the table , sat two gift wrapped packages and his birthday cake , now frosted with chocolate icing and five candles .
she then reached for sara , grabbed her by both wrists and tossed her onto the back seat , slammed the door and ran for her place behind the wheel .
she held her place , sitting with her elbows on the table and her hands clasped together , her fingers interlocked .
with one end placed , he devoted himself to the other end and managed to slide the box up and into place .
zach nodded and proceeded to shear the entire upper wall of charles fort off , exposing his binoculars in their safe place .
one of mr . krebs eyebrows twitched involuntarily and then froze on his forehead well above its usual resting place .
the ps were relaxed because there was no place in gwens tight pants suit for a gun .
gwen left her place at the table and slowly walked around the perimeter of the tent , talking .
when they saw it was established in everyones mind , they began to dance , in place at first .
all the signs were in place for another one of those long , sleep in your pickup on the edge of town , nights .
we were well fed , clothespins in place , and gathered in the dark green octagon the night before season opened , or , on what we came to call our hunting christmas eve .
after cutting a tall skinny tree nearby , i muscled it into place , leaning it against the stand .
the doorman quickly returned the barrier to its place , then turned back to them .
they each promptly gave back $ 100 for place bets on the six and $ 50 to get the dealers back on the hard six .
they was throwing dollars at here but she had no place to put them .
i have nothing against lettuce in its proper place .
the zombies gone , the fledgling members of new society quickly found mea needle place in my hand by mander .
laleh headed up the stairs to the third floor guestroom , and the dog went back to his place at the foot of the junes bed .
they still were out of place .
the actors on the screen are positioned to come out of it , the lighting thing happens to distract the audience , the front screen comes back into place , the actors come onto the stage from the wings and stand between the two screens , the lighting thing goes away , and they come through the slits .
by the end of the second sixteen hour day , they had the two screens in place , the film projectors installed in the rear of the theater , and a lighting guy up in the gantries , crawling around like a monkey , who had flown the redeye from la .
chapter 66 - laleh and shim when the entire team was in place with all roles assigned , and after the collision of the team and the assassins , gwen had set the date of opening night - five weeks away .
heidi put her half - eaten sandwich away and took her place behind the counter .
i found a place for my glass on a side table .
i squeezed a worm that seemed out of place .
there was a round in the chamber , racked into place earlier that morning , at 3:45am , and the safety was off .
now she was in her rightful place , orbiting around deneuve with the other particles .
the day the june team had approached stirgs long dock , they had been able to land at the end because stirgs boat was nt there , in its usual place .
the russian blues were sitting in the same places they had occupied the evening before , and gwen wondered if they had moved at all .
watching them was like watching a team of surgeons making sure all the body parts in the body were complementary and in their right places .
first , all of the selected hermitage objects were moved into place .
the hair on my legs rolled and pinched as i tugged and pulled , and , when they were finally in place , they made my legs itch .
right now i m clicking letters into place on my crappy old - school style label maker and re - labeling all these binders .
nothing else seemed really out of place and we could n't find a sign of forced entry . ''
when all my jokes were in place , i decided to actually focus on a plot and a murder , and when i did , stroke of genius was born , and i ' m pretty proud of it .
it rests in its place of honor at the bottom of my steamer trunk .
she raised her eyebrows with surprise , then put the lumber back in its place .
i pulled away from the curb and watched in the mirror as another cab pulled into my place in line .
` ` i have a dinner date with a very nice , very handsome gentleman who never has a hair out of place , as far as i can tell .
not fussy , like many ' modest ' women , who made a show of tugging clothing into place , or a game of attracting attention and then dodging .
when the buttons were all fastened in their proper places , he stood up and gazed into her face .
arrangements were already in place to transfer richard to ` ` a larger facility '' once he 'd been stabilized .
don chased his wife around the house as she put the ironed clothes away to their places .
i hooked a right , took my place in line .
the boy set the picture back down , careful to return it to the same place , and then his eyes settled on the trunk .
and so they drove on the thin red roads between the fields , then through town and out the side past the new construction , past where gangs of workmen lived in rows of makeshift dormitories , out past where new wide roads were being scraped in directions where nothing was yet , to bring in equipment and move it into place for the dam , out past where hired police watched roads and guarded fences behind which lay equipment and supplies for the effort that would soon be underway .
okay the diagrams had to be produced by hand , stuck in place and then the page photocopied , but for the 1984 1986 period , it was on the money .
ill put some things out of place , or leave things behind , just to get him worked up so hell take more photographs , just to let him know that i really do nt care and that his photos are an absolutely fruitless endeavor .
handcuffs , mace , gun into their proper places .
a small , out of place bungalow sits next to it , almost on the same lot .
she carefully picked her way through knee - high nettles and took her place in the centre of the ruins .
the lean , gaunt - faced fellow , maybe forty years old , stood up from his place in the circle and addressed the gathering with downcast eyes : ` ` hi , i ' m tom . ''
gale removed the blanket and jinny hung her back in her old place , finally covering the rectangle of discolored paint .
she returned them to their rightful place then collapsed on the couch with a glass of beer .
` ` the stones just slid into place from either side of the hole .
having identified these problems and their solutions , i set about to determine how they could be affected , how they could be implemented , how to put in place mechanisms for achieving world paradise .
polydoor took his place beside the throne and busied himself sharpening a knife on a whetstone .
okay , so here 's the rundown , '' he kicked over a coiled extension cord like it was a snake ready to strike , put a knee in its place , and got real close to me , saying , ` ` this is important , we do n't know if they 're dangerous . ''
given the fact that mrs . purn had a strict policy for things having a proper place , this could only mean one thing ` ` mrs . purn forgot to hang up , '' derrick concluded .
some fall out of place , only to be received somewhere else .
her dishes and cooking equipment are clean and put away in their proper places .
as soon as they were in place , logan threw his elbows back to flap his wings .
her desk - drawer opened again , and a packet of supermarket own - brand tea emerged , taking its rightful place beside the plate of cookies i d violated earlier .
she played with her cutlery , then realized what she was doing and put it back in place .
clarity placed the box of cigars in place inside the drawer of the night table .
tegan grinned to reveal three teethtwo tidy and snug below and one out of place on the top leftand then resumed staring at the wooden legs .
the cats regularly recycled their sleeping places and a few weeks later the bathroom would be ' in ' again , just as the bedroom dresser was now regaining its popularity .
there was a long , delicious silence as item after item took its place on the sterilized countertop .
i opened the glove box to make sure all the proper papers were in place .
on friday nights , newmonts downtown was so bustling that traffic officers had to be put into place , even though the entire district was only a couple of blocks in length .
the last kid , a long , lean whistler named darpak , was the only one not in crisis mode , as he danced in place at the slop sink while doing dishes , utterly oblivious to the bedlam around him , with his headset throbbing on his ears .
he was handsome as he straightened up , blond hair falling back , shoulders elaborately moving into erect place .
it was over a mile long , and equally wide , and the stepladders were still in their place .
the choir separates as it reaches the altar and bows before filing into their places .
finishing with that , she patted her frizzled white hair back into its customary place , creating a lopsided mound that gravity managed to just hold together .
empty it was fine , easy to push and easy to maneuver , but filled with ice the thing 's weight quadrupled and guiding it from the huge ice machine in the storage area through the narrow back room door , around the corner near the toilets , into the work area , behind the other staff without bothering them , and then finally into its place under the counter where the blenders were placed was a nearly herculean task .
i checked the oil , looked for loose wires or anything that might be out of place in the engine compartment , checked for water in the fuel , made sure the tires were properly inflated , and did a walk around looking for surface damage .
a few minutes later a quick scan of the instrument panel revealed something to be out of place .
the tail and elevator were in place and working .
by this time heraclio vasquez caught sight of his van , his chronic high blood pressure starting to edge higher as he noticed important parts of the van on the ground outside the van rather than where there were supposed to be snuggly fitting in their proper designated places located within the van .
she fell in battle in place monge and must lay in ground unsanctified until the last trumpet call .
here , just let me do it , eri ordered , taking averys place on the stool .
turning his gaze toward the back wall , the big screen under the scoreboard showed the starters taking their places on center court .
she continued to run her fingers over the lines of my hand , her other hand latched around my wrist , keeping me in place .
it fluttered to the ground , taking its place next to mohammed 's foot , where the end of the message seemed to flow perfectly onto the thick black ink that was scribbled across his shoe .
` ` i 'd like to see everything in place by the end of the day tomorrow .
( repeat refrain ) viva las vegas has stripped me down i dance on lonely street like a clown here comes a walking bass , piano taking chase the band needs a singer , a song in place what you say was it , the singer said ?
not a hair sat out of place on either .
zarg took his place at the large window pointing towards earth .
he waddled to his place as spiritwind polished off his third sandwich .
gus barely dribbled a response as he realised his hand was far harder to remove from his mouth than place there .
lisa had framed her licence , given it pride of place in her living room .
two long - haired men bowed and took places at the table .
after depositing the groceries into my car , i push the cart back up twenty parking spaces , feeling morally superior for having made the journey to return the cart to its proper resting place , the carriage corral where i expect to find others of the genus grazing .
in short order the room filled , the attendants resumed their places by the tables and chairs in back and two tallish men sauntered up to the podium .
asked danielle , who had taken wandas place at the bar with bob .
she glided toward the groom and took her place next to red .
the final pair of attendants stepped to their places at the altar , and the entire church turned to the back to watch for the bride .
he was out admiring our waterfall because he wants to put one in his place .
she combed up a large chunk of hair , got the scissors in place , and with a determined snip , more hair fell to the floor .
it was at this moment that i heard the events managers voice order everyone to resume his or her places on the stage , now that it had been , wiped down of all the water .
as i finally put the bin back in its rightful place , i look over at the traffic that seems to have picked up even in the last few minutes .
i was careful to position the broken head and tightly wrap the cloth around it and tucking in all the edges to keep it in its rightful place since i have not had the chance to get it fixed yet .
i m glad now that i did see that my own babys head was in the right place on my last scan , so that s one less thing to fret about .
the fifteen - minute rule was in place for our phone conversations , with now only two minutes left .
obediently , he remained in place , just as the stranger had instructed .
a crucifix hung in a prominent place on the wall above the prie - dieu .
once the body is assembled and the spirit is in place they go to the reduction and shipment department .
then the order would go to olga , all the details would be put in place , and my new body would get assembled .
and as they fired and exchanged places in your sub consciousness , the universe , that singular speck of light that you no longer heeded , shimmered like a priceless jewel , impossibly brilliant as it was miniscule .
mindy was at her place behind the appointment desk when clover passed through the double glass doors and crossed the thick piled carpet toward her .
but everything else was in place .
it seemed useless and out of place .
they do nt have enough room where it should really go , so they just put it here instead , i say , plopping it back into place .
the moon appeared vague and faint , somehow less than full ; but it remained in place .
he looks to the nail - head in the wall and thinks of placing the photo back to its proper place , hiding away the rubbed - away red paint and the gray beneath .
its so we girls do nt wear skimpy outfits and get the boys all excited , emily replied as she pulled the car from its spot and took a place in the long line to leave the school .
the tart fell down in place , cracking her wrist in one place against the counter .
the tart fell down in place , cracking her wrist in one place against the counter .
hailey i do nt jack turns in her place till she s facing hailey , her friend avoiding eye contact as she took a hand to the girls shoulder .
at the word stalker she shoots a glare at the figure but the place it had filled by the low wall is now empty .
i bet that thing was dropped sometime , either at the ware - house or when it was winched into place .
in this way most of the snow was removed , though they had to reshovel the deck and throw the snow further and further distances to find a place for it to not fall back onto the deck .
stillbird tried to scream but no sound came out , and she wanted to cry but her throat and eyes were dry , and she wanted to move , get away from abel by the door but her legs would nt work , and thank god her arms were paralyzed around her baby , or she would have dropped him , she could nt even feel him there in her arms , but she remained stuck around him in place , in front of the man who had come finally after all those days of waiting for someone to come and take her away from her loneliness .
evidently having been asked to sotto voce , which , given that gwens and my eyes were witnessing what was happening and that the ancient mariners ears were no longer admitting sound , seemed unnecessary , debbie stationed herself in the place aunt bess had assumed .
after the casket had been loaded on the crane , guido , his derby jammed down on his head , escorted aunt bess and debbie , followed by gwen and me , as family , to a place at the head of the hole .
bible in hand , the minister was ushered to a place at the foot .
my mother , remaining at her place at the table , chin on her breast as though in prayer , dabbed her eyes with her lace handkerchief .
although that seems to be a reasonable question , its out of place .
thorns from the raspberry bushes pushed through her gloves as if in protest , as she cut and pulled the brambles from their resting places , their home of many years .
and seeing for two , looking out from my place at the roll - top and bringing it all here faithfully .
apex shifted his place so that his elbow , resting on the counter , now lifted as he stroked his chin .
he stood there a while , strode over to the window , glanced at the thermometer , noted it was still in its place , angled so you could see it from inside through the window glass .
doyle stands with his 30 - 30 in the moonlight by the window ; by the window with its glass strangely , impossibly in place .
they got the pistons out and the rings that munson had ordered came in by ups in the late afternoon , so they also were in place .
it was more like clicking a piece into place .
mr . kaminski believed that the weight of the columns would keep them in place , but he decided to overengineer ( that was the word he used ) them to be certain .
this happened many times before they got that first column in place .
this method worked much better , and in three more afternoons all the columns were in place .
he would listen to malcolms suggestion that a stone should be turned when it swung from the backhoe and aligned with a corner , then carefully edged into place , and agree , even though all the stones placed before had been placed directly above their resting place and dropped slowly down .
he would listen to malcolms suggestion that a stone should be turned when it swung from the backhoe and aligned with a corner , then carefully edged into place , and agree , even though all the stones placed before had been placed directly above their resting place and dropped slowly down .
they were doing this detail work now because all the stones were in place .
so there it was , his plan falling into place just as he wanted : first dave insisting he go as a family duty followed immediately with willy volunteering to get dave home .
she dusted , vacuumed , scrubbed the bathroom , and washed the kitchen floor , then spent a long time rearranging furniture , knickknacks and the like to achieve maximum effect ; though truth to tell , after moving the couch here and the rocking chair there , nudging a carved bird of teds a few inches to the left , and moving books to a lower shelf , in the end when ted came back home everything was in the same place it was before all her fidgeting .
before it was completely dark , noah stopped and found a comfortable place among the trees that lined the highway .
then with a huge effort samson rolled a smaller boulder into place to cover the cave entrance to protect the body from scavengers .
waiting for a bus , an organ grinder out of place and out of time , here , now , and the first few autumn leaves at my feet , all this familiar but strange .
the first time sara met robert was shortly after she had set up her camp for her summer of study : a sleeping tent under a shelter of hemlock trees and trenched around to keep rainwater from flowing beneath it , a desk she had made of rough boards across tree stumps she had rolled into place and evened out with wedges of flat stones from the river , a dining table that was nothing more than a telephone cable spool and a couple of folding canvas chairs that sat low to the ground designed for the beach .
open a drawer that squeaks so loudly that i can see the other children 's faces squirming as the blackboard duster scrapes down the pock - marked greenboard and the ragged teacher 's tweed arm is sprayed with chalk gas , chalk spray , a pen top and a box of paperclips , nothing to read except hfl3 , item , cost , discount , commission , hfl3 , slam it closed and try the next , friday 's paper , dead and discarded , digested and excreted , the crossword half - finished , david 's work , sharp , hurried writing , slanting in a propelling pencil style , merciless , showy , the writing hand of a competitive man thrusting and jabbing even when he 's alone because he thinks someone will be watching him from afar and will be pleased and will give him a rise and a new company car and a wife and respect and a well kept neighbourhood of swept garages with tools in their proper place , fitted by hagley 's , kitchen , diner , master bedroom , all worked for , paid for , carved out of society 's miserly grasp by his own swift eager alert propelling pencil , mrs colthorpe passing by and throwing an expensive dentist 's grin at me which i nod casually into the wastepaper basket when she 's gone .
max savoured complex aromas , the precursors of a wonderful dinner , and sat at his now accustomed place .
they drifted into the family room and resumed the places they d occupied the night beforethe territorial imperative drawing each to a particular spot .
max got up from his place at the desk .
things are falling into place .
sometimes , if things did nt fall into place , he took the law into his own hands .
he set his suitcase on his single bed and took out both suits , hung them in the closet , and returned the ties to their vacant places .
something about its glow or its place amongst the others should make him appear to me .
but the music returns , the strings waving , slight piano touches , creating a surface , a place for her to stand , for me to stand with her , in place of her , or maybe the other way round .
her smile squinted her eyes but she looked pretty that way , her hair falling out of place , a few strands hanging into her face .
the cat sitting close by stirred at its place , as if making itself more comfortable .
this is the same he said , as finding the exact place of the strangulated nerve and releasing it by manipulations of the hands .
meanwhile , sensei came back to his place in the hall .
if not , the end result we know already is basically [ that ] the plan of the toll - gaters is continuing to its place where only two choices can occur .
arrivals can do strange things to a person , rosemary said , finding a place next to him on the chill concrete step .
austin pearce , late of formalhaut , lay surrounded by light and sound , the headset in place and the pedals newly lubricated after a test run to mars .
renny 's gauche blouse , far from seeming vivid and out of place among the prevalent greens , lent morrison 's eyes a reassuring focus .
everything in its place and a place for everything , as vacine 's fond of saying .
they took opportunity of the stop to refuel , and steven took his place behind the steering wheel while mat started to unwind in the passenger seat .
she took her place at the wall .
now , as they entered the church to watch our pre - mass vocal gymnastics , i could see that the woman had to lean heavily on her mates arm to make it all the way down the aisle to their appointed places .
they appeared to be completely out of place in the creased and seamed old mans face .
it seemed to bett that dr . maurer was especially careful about making sure that the speculum was warm ; however she was so tense that it took some time and pain before it was in place .
pain is fine , in its proper place .
nita stretched forward to pull the health care form away from its place in front of bett .
then , after many faces and many hands had come and gone , and the place of my bed had changed many times , i saw that face again , the one that had studied me , and made a feeling come into me that wanted it to stay put .
the old man looks up and gestures to a place by his side .
so saying , he slides a separation panel into place in the rat cage , dividing it into two areas .
charlie takes down a box of herbal tea bags and places two of them into the preheated teapot .
it might take a couple of days to flesh out or hone the details , but once the story was in place , he could tell it a dozen or two dozen times as he crisscrossed the country without worrying about repeating himself to anyone .
the only thing that appeared out of place was that there were no books on the bookshelves ; at least not the first few that i saw .
well , he said , closing his book , making sure his finger stayed in to keep his place , i do nt exactly work here .
the only thing out of place was the curly white hair on the head of someone who did not look old enough to deserve it .
even with my heartfelt intentions in place , i knew that my episodes were nt simply going to cease .
it appeared that henry fleming already had his emblem of valor set in place , and i had no intention to cast any aspersions on him for it .
those little rascals like nibbling on things , taking portions out of place and filling in the blanks where they see fit .
no stable or fence was in place to contain this animal , which appeared far better groomed than anything else inhabiting the area .
he eventually returned the tool to its former place .
i soon found myself fidgeting in place as i stared across the cars dashboard at the glove compartment .
this action caused both rachel and i to freeze in our places .
as the little silver balls made their way downward , the glorious angel gently spread her wings , the words we you slowly dropping into place between them .
as expected , the knife was in its usual place .
the building also sat on a main thoroughfare , which meant there would be a good number of people who would see the sculpture if he and bruce could actually pull off getting it in place .
as the coaster car zoomed past the dispersal station , a small blade on the car would cut a few balloons loose and the car itself would strike a spring - loaded lever that would ratchet the sleeve forward , pushing more balloons into place for the next pass of the car .
the sling would also be miles ride to the top once all the bundles of sculpture pieces had been lifted into place on the roof above him .
as they funneled into place , the angels colossal wings began to spread out fully , the words we you dropping into place between them as a mass of fireworks blasted into the sky .
as they funneled into place , the angels colossal wings began to spread out fully , the words we you dropping into place between them as a mass of fireworks blasted into the sky .
wow , said steve , at a loss for anything more profound or descriptive as he marveled at the incredible piece of artwork that was being lifted dramatically into place above them .
do we have all personnel in position , all cordons and barricades in place ?
freddys in place and ready to drop .
she took her place beside her husband and squinted .
she found a place in the grassy gravely overflow lot and waited so that she walked inside just in time for third period .
abraham said as he pulled an old rifle out of its place in a worn out cardboard box .
hi grandma , sara said as she took her place by the sick womans bed and folded her hands in front of her .
james guthrie held his end of the pole in place while michael fit the other end into the opposite hole .
in the end , one of the older boys , whose name lewis did nt know , must have seen him struggling because he came over and held the pole in place so that lewis could finish pitching the tent .
whatever else one could saysuch as joseph stone was badly paid or joe stone the phd was out of place herehe did not forget to enjoy the small pleasures of his job .
he returned the slide to its proper place in the closet and went back to his projector .
she returned the camera to its place on the floor .
he took the book from her hands and returned it to its place on the shelf .
the driver , the chauffer in place the car reversing up the slope deliberately into the - crowd : reporters and journalists are ... gathering : ... demonstrators getting close to the presidential palace ...
storm windows were in place over the original wooden windows which remained in place throughout the old house .
obviously what we decide has no binding effect on anyone , not even on any one of us , but how many of you are in favour in principle of the idea of going public in a very limited way and subject to putting into place adequate guidelines to preserve overall confidentiality ?
after an hour in the park , they cycled back to the house and returned the bicycles to their places in the garage .
he arranged a few things on it , put a pencil and a nearly new eraser away in its drawer , put a book away in its proper place on a shelf , then looked out the window .
he listened to this for several heartbeats , and for a timealthough he could not bend his head to seeall that took place here and now was the graceful flicking of the mules tail .
he studied her face , her eyes , then her hands , which still had not found a comfortable resting place .
elsie , watching her , suddenly got the feeling that some piece , as if from a puzzlelong floating and disjointedhad suddenly found its place again , bringing the kitchen alive .
took a deep breath and walked over to its resting place in the corner .
things were falling into place nicely .
back at his desk he heard her place the call while he , almost admiring the neat stack of papers on his desk , tried to resist the urge to read them through yet again .
stretched his legs out in front of him , opened the book , found his place and began to read .
a million million stars slowly returned to their rightful places and there she knew the wall .
it struck her that they all tried to flee the bright desk lamp , casting themselves away from it but unable to uproot themselves , they remained in place , tearing and tearing to get loose .
carders desk clean and orderly , not a thing out of place .
lara looked up from wrestling the box into place , grimaced and squinted at the sun , large in the sky behind helen .
though a soft bark now and thenjust to remind him that he had nt eaten all that much latelywasnt out of place , of course .
finally another huge roll of fire hose was brought up and joined to the one already in place .
harman - karman quickly moved over to avon place .
led partially by the hunting instinct now , partially by the beckoning face of alwyn moore , and partially by an odd sense of curiosity , he softly swung his pack off of his shoulders and onto the ground ; fished out one of the baraks along with its silencer ; quietly checked the magazine , fifteen rounds ; clicked it back into place ( he could hear the well - oiled click , but he would wager that you could nt hear it a yard away ; hats off to professional manufacturing standards ) ; he screwed on the silencer , then weighed the gun in his right hand : chien yung was right , it balanced perfectly , even with the silencer .
alwyn looked around the dark room , an old work bench , places for tool on the wall , but no tools that she could see .
last man out again pulls the door closed behind him , though not carefullyhe is anxious to leave , in his heart anxious to be gone from this defiling , to be done with this place , gone from this what could have been , should have been enjoyable task , but was not , this plagued by fundamental wrongness not enjoyable taskso , not carefully , anxious to leave , he swings the door shut behind him , hears it attempt to click itself into place , hears it fail and entertains , halfway down the first set of stairs , entertains for the briefest of moments the thought of turning back to pull it all the way shut , but the first man out is already in the open air below , rushing now , calling back for the others , anxious to be gone , and what does it really matter anyway , and so , as the last man out takes the remaining stairs two at a time to catch up it slowly swings ajar on still nervous hinges , soon to invite anyone who might pass to enter , to come in and see for themselves what has taken place here at the hand of arrak and under the guise of season .
soon enough , came the reply , for the plans were already in place to expand the use of this prison facility .
his clockwork mind was adding things up , fitting bit and pieces into place and found the fit just right , making his head nod : yes , feasible .
the tracking device is still in place , i hope , or have they spotted that , too ?
read it again , and then made the connection : sleep - waves ( which is how she thought of them ) is that personal activity that keeps the individuality of a person awakeor alive ; in place , so to speakwhile asleep .
they re more or less exploding up the slopes , we have nt gotten anything in place yet .
soon enough , came the reply , for the plans were already in place to expand the use of this prison facility , once the planet had stabilized .
he held my wrist , held my hand in its place covering those wounds .
the number , once arrived upon , allowed for the inmate in question to be filed into his respective place in his appropriate cabinet .
ruth place a finger at her place , and brought the book closed to show her teacher the cover .
a little reluctantly ruth opened the book to her fingered place , then ruffled through the pages following to find her marker .
the cambridge crew will of course have to be aware of , and monitor ( which amounts to viewing ) , the borneo particle firing , and so - by past experience as well - will exist it into place .
ananda turned to his right to see a young girl negotiate her way through those who sat in the aisle and then step up to the microphone now in place for this very purpose .
it is formed by the pali prefix sam , meaning together , and the pali root dha , meaning to put , or place , or bring .
another islamic tradition tells that this stone was first set in place by adam .
i think we noticed it at the same time : quite out of place , at the end of the center aisle , or rather , occupying the very end of it , was a large stage , about four feet high , a hundred or so feet wide , and perhaps fifty feet deep : empty as yet .
a man dressed only in a loincloth , with long brown hair and a very hairy chest , so hairy it made him he look more like ape than man to me , climbed onto the stage and took up his place inside the cell .
salome withdrew a little and the scroll boy resumed his rightful place with a so there !
as salome was crossing the frozen river sikoris , she fell through the ice and was crushed by it in such a manner that her body floated in the water while her head stayed , stayed ... , the boy , still smarting from pearlys rebuke , i believe , lost his place , then found it again and picked up his line , ... while her head stayed above ice .
stirred by what i saw , i took another look , for something was out of place , or very in place , and then i saw it : her face .
stirred by what i saw , i took another look , for something was out of place , or very in place , and then i saw it : her face .
the two helpers and two other trollsthe helpers helpers ? collected the rocks , and then the a cappella choir took their places in front of us and began their chant .
everything was in place by the time she awoke .
and as the walls were not yet built to protect hara , and as no gate was yet in place , there was no defense against the visiting troll , save the vigilance and bravery of heramba and his soldiers .
the heart , lungs , liver , and kidneys all seemed in place , and in working order .
the operation was a successby this definition : the patient was alive at the end of it and all the pieces were in place .
but the patient was not doing well , and did not cooperate gladly with all the pieces in place .
but blaise shoved him to the ground and chased him off then set off all the machinery he set in place .
in the heads place were lines streaming outward like sunrays .
i rubbed my shin , shifted the trunk back into place , and said , sorry !
everything had put on to place , everything had returned in our habit .
when they are to place i call you me .
no , no , all to place !
of however one that orders laser swords in america is not of sure everything to place !
to go on ringing was useless and out of place .
and once all the corpuscles had been assigned their rightful places , dark bloodcrusted swans on a frozen lake , the mothers mouth descended into the puddle and blew life into it and the waves and the bubbles and the geysers were hectic and the serene self - sufficiency was no more .
as far as his lungs would carry him but yet again there was no discernible effect of retaliation and he dropped his head down in defeat but found defeat deceptive and placed his head back in its rightful place .
no room existed to maneuver the truck in to push the trebuchet into place .
* * * chris rigged the two sets of block and tackle used to hoist beams and panels into place on the dome , drawing against the two trees .
the cycloptic clock had regained its place on the mantel , its lens a cracked monocle , hands frozen at 10:32 .
grace gave out a close - lipped smile of triumph as she swiveled in place back and forth to survey the room from on high .
ill place the paintings under the panels where you can hang them .
jacques was nt to be seen either , but she knew he was just in the back , putting the documents in a safe hiding place .
nour and yusef would then put the cards in their places , and hand out the money and game pieces to everyone .
bowls of lamb and yogurt sauce are then place all around the tray , to replenish what s on the tray as needed .
then candy had distracted them by offering herself in katies place .
and then , when pressed : area place .
something like the thing tracy had seen when she was little and walked in and saw mama and the man , his head in a place no persons head should be .
grace looked at tracy , who had not moved from her place against the wall .
with all of the space crafts , and later space stations , that were being put in place , the earth would have lost a little mass if it had nt been replenished by the various cargo loads .
mark closed the book over his thumb , holding his place , grabbed another handful of chips , and sat up a little .
indeed , all that had been accomplished , so far , was to put the mission in place for her work to begin .
bob had not moved from his place near her cell .
tammy scurried around the lab for a few minutes , and everything was tidied and in place .
then he moves the two stray chairs that bookend the sideboard , and squeezes them into their new places on either side of the table .
andrew acted as dealer from his place in home goal and slammed the ball all the way to the other end of the court .
he was so used to seeing it here when they met for scrimmages he had n't thought it out of place .
they lined up at the door in order of playing position , with dan out of place at the front as their captain .
the distinctive crack had jackals and foxes breaking formation and rushing forward to find their marks and places on the court .
` ` line up for a foul shot , '' dan said as seth took kevin 's place on the court .
i glanced over at the stain which i noted was near deenas place at the table .
she sits now at the place in the middle of the table where pete stood looking down at her .
tatiana sat in her usual place near the pool and he had to admit she looked worse then she usual did .
surrial took his place in front of xander like a protective lioness over her cub .
another person splashed diesel onto the fire causing the flame to rise up to the armpits of all standing nearby , and those gathered retreated like roaches only to return and reclaim their places along the fire , the glowing edge between light and darkness .
their places varied every time , remote or familiar an abandoned shed , her porch , at the river bottoms , in the cadillac , in wisconsin .
neighbors laying bare their inner moods on the direction of the republic , using their visible place on the road to influence the district .
she began spacing the plates on the trestle tables that stretched the length of the street , ` ` we 'll put these in pride of place , '' but sensing that her attempts at distraction were wasted she quickly put the pile down , ` ` come on then girl , let it all go , '' she held out her brawny arms welcoming the younger woman into them .
aright , you take this heel - bore , @ hugh took a lump of thick wax and pushed it into place where the uppers met the sole , athis 'll seal them , pass us the poker .
@ he applied the hot iron to the wax , working it into place .
davey examined the dividing walls and the barricaded doors but nothing was out of place .
chapter 21 ritual of death the old man stared at the blocks of stone as they gave one last shudder before settling themselves into place , the whole side of the temple had slipped downwards demolishing the doorway .
@ he turned to his daughter , awhat has taken place here child ?
a skull rasped , adeliver the skulls of the shamen to their places , there is not much time .
every inch of it had already been inspected and prepared for their voyage , the three towering masts had been refitted and the supporting shrounds and halyards re - tightened ; the canvas had been checked and stitched then tied securely into place upon the thwarts far above the deck of the proud ship .
@ the captain shrugged the man off and climbed up onto the poop - deck , awhat has taken place here ?
the spanish cannoneers cursed their unstable platform and sought blocks to place under the rear axles of their weapons in order to bring them to bear on the lower - riding english ship which knifed through the ocean in a flat plane .
only then did john return the huge weapon to its place and stood chortling as the frightened women took out their anger by pummelling his giant stomach with their little fists .
for the first time that day , he noticed the black suv parked in its usual place , across the street and four lots down .
instead , i keep my place and pretend to read the newspaper as she passes by me and out of the building .
in the midst of the crowd i spot one sign out of place , being heroically carried forward by a tiny blonde girl .
becky slips the book i ve promised to show her from its place on the shelf , opens it , and runs a tiny index finger over the title page : william butler yeats the wanderings of oisin , and other poems london : kegan paul , trench & co. , 1889 i would nt have believed it , she says .
he drops the robe , revealing all , and takes his place on the stool , posing as rodins the thinker .
jenny appears and takes her place at my side .
kane ensured that everything was in its exact place .
the damaged portions of the roof of the kaserne had been removed , and the first of the replacement beams was being lifted into place when zinsmann approached colling in the battalion office .
colling concluded that karl was probably correct when he stated that the younger boy had no malicious motive in setting the wire in place .
ferguson had found cots and other furniture for the troop quarters , and everything was in place for c company before the holiday arrived .
when no one was in the barracks , he fitted the wood into place so that it formed a false back behind which he could securely hide his money .
colling returned the chair to its place under the desk , and nodded his head affirmatively to elizabeth , pointing up at the light .
without being asked , the bartender brought three small glasses of beer and then returned to his place behind the bar .
the digging went quickly with the four of them taking turns , but the sun was well up in the morning sky when the last spade - full of earth was tamped into place .
it was all so effortless that colling began thinking that perhaps there was some grand plot in place to trap them at the time and place that would be most to the nkvds liking .
most of the time they found a place among the trees , and were frequently joined by other travelers .
he wheeled it into place in the shade provided by a pair of stunted trees and set the horse free to graze in a nearby patch of grass .
the olive drab plymouth was parked in the same place as it had been the previous day .
once the project was underway , preparations began , and each of them did his part to put all of its various pieces into place .
as he sat surveying the scene of the accident , colling tried to picture what must have happened , although he had difficulty understanding how a skid could have taken place on the rough macadam surface .
colling had cleaned and oiled the pistol on board the orion belle , and it did not appear to require any additional attention before he returned it to its hiding place .
the bridge was made of steel and appeared to have been put in place parallel to the ruins of the former bridge by russian engineers .
he was about to pull back in order to search for a prophylactic from his suitcase when he felt her hands on him , and she whispered , i took one out already , jim , as she made sure it was properly in place .
the russian pistol he had promised elizabeth was still in hermanns possession , as part of his disguise , and he noticed she watched carefully when he replaced the luger in its hiding place .
colling dropped the bench lid back into place and sat down .
i left the classroom and went to my usual place against a far side tree in the quad .
most of the time the information clicked , like a collection of puzzle pieces falling into place . ''
she felt vincent place a warning hand on her shoulder .
when all the guests were in place they planted their gifts ; in less than half an hour all of the trees and bushes had been planted on the homestead .
thought , feeling and sound were all that was required to create and move the massive stones into place .
a tall , dark , cloaked figure stopped and silently observed the wall ; every brick was now in place .
and in the next moment she was sitting next to matthew in the exact place she had been before .
they stock piled their resources until everything was in place and then set out again , going farther and farther each time , ultimately coming to another vacant town , and starting over again .
the latter would seem out of place and out of time anywhere but in the foothills of the appalachians .
she turned the chair that nikki had sat in and took her place at our table .
a man was taking her place on the stage , hanging a sheet from hooks on the back wall of the stage .
as she took her place on the stage .
people danced together and chairs and tables were pushed to the edges of the room so that a makeshift dance floor was in place .
his eyes were brilliant , flashing green , and looked as out of place upon his old weathered face as emeralds in the hand of a street beggar .
in fact , the wooden drawbridge was secured in place by trees hundreds of feet tall that at one time had been but tiny burls attached to the rough underplanking used in the bridges original construction .
as he departed the room , harry picked up the fallen chair and slid it back into place .
halfway through the editing of game plan , i was struck by a sentence that seemed well out of place in relation to the bulk of the text .
the book was too far on the way , the publicity is already in place , the publisher has faith , you need help .
he would write fiction , setting things neatly in place , making order out of chaos , arranging everything exactly as he wanted .
harry was just snapping the legs of a tv tray into place when light surrounded him from behind ; he was spotlit .
because , harry , the beautiful woman answered and looked for a place to rest her holy hip , settling on the arm of a truly monstrous easy chair .
bob gently put the spices back in their customary place .
the warriors whose last stand was at the temple of somnath believed so long as the white flag atop the temple remained in its place honouring the four winds , they would be undefeatable .
an unusual sight for the ever tidily - kept woman , but she had more than earned having a hair or two out of place and a rumpled apron on this day , for all the work shed seen to .
and so he sat in the high place of honor at the gate of the community .
long colonnades fill the high city , each building supported as well by a gallery of pillars apparently thrown in place by some brilliant , distracted god , like a cavern of cathedrals .
items disappeared from their places , fires sprang up in homes and barns , attackers fell upon unsuspecting people in the dark .
sure , suit yourself , the tavern - keeper got up but left the chair well in place .
he glanced at her , holding his place with his thumb .
i flipped a u and found a place alongside the main road a couple hundred yardsb down .
his toothbrush lay neatly on top of his dresser , in the same place he always kept it , on the right alongside of a three - quarters - empty bottle of vitalis hair tonic .
but i could nt bring myself to touch anything of johns ; his belongings remained poised in place defiantly , frozen animals waiting for their master to come home .
this places conscious thought on a higher level than all other processes in its impact on the world .
after hesitating in place for what seemed like minutes she walked to the door , gathered the note , and retired to her favorite soft chair to read its contents .
his body behaved like a bobbing tahitian dancing doll the taxi - men in the village place on their dashboards .
a single string , loose and lost and out of place .
sascha halted and phoebe fell into place next to her .
helen thought of attempting to rub off the stains , but reconsidered as she realized that tailored slacks had no place in the middle of a grassy field textured with red clay .
anyway , it landed in the water near the seals , in a place where the water was still .
i had everything hung up and in place within minutes , a trot to the ice machine and i was on the bed , drink in hand zapping the tube .
* the last zipper on the last bag found its place , snug and secure .
things seemed to be fitting into place .
michael silently made his way back to his hiding place in the hollow tree , but before he could get away , the woman who had been beaten came to the opening of the lodge and cried out .
well build sideboards of heavy wood that can be quickly put into place .
mayank washed the cups silently , put them in place and entered the bed room while she followed him .
the reality is that we all should strive to create a world where all such donkeys are relegated to their rightful places .
the wrong equipment was placed in the wrong place on the shelves , and when i went to get it i went to the right place but the wrong things were there .
he found a place in the shade and eased himself into the water .
claude sat at his place at the table .
exclaimed chives as he watched the steward place the cleaning utensils on the floor next to the table .
with the china clamped between thumb and two fingers he teased the local paper from its resting place beneath the whiskey tray and with a practiced flick unfurled the folded edition to reveal its front page .
of course , every single tree planted was painstakingly drawn in place .
the green and red decorations made from toilet rolls , crumpled paper and crayons would no doubt occupy a place of pride on the walls and trees of their homes for the next couple of weeks .
for the lucky few whose parents treasured them enough , the decorations would be put in a safe place for next christmasand the next one after thatso that in time the first glimpse of the fading and tattered decorations would be enough to take them back to a carefree summer , a long time ago .
dad was trying to get the centre pole to stay in place without the whole tent falling over .
here she purchased a steaming coffee and sat in her regular place in the dim corner .
she retrieved her identification card and brought it dutifully to the kommissar , who had taken her place at the window , glancing at the deserted street below .
across the street the man under the awning remained in his place , the faint glow of his cigarette barely lighting the shadows in which his face was hidden .
from the morning straight through to the early afternoon , they laid floor joists , sixteen - on - center , securing everything in place with eight - penny nails .
some were considerably longer than others and , even with an army of helpers , phillip could nt imagine lifting them into place .
five minutes later the unwieldy log had been dragged up the impromptu , pole ramp and was seated in place with uncle ned binding the joints with huge twenty - penny spikes .
the construction company eight , beefy carpenters and a crew chief arrived the third week in august and , with a hydraulic crane , the rest of the logs were set in place , the roof raised and shingled .
once the surface was dry , she returned the clean bedding to its proper place , adding fresh material to make up for the straw she had removed .
he took his place behind the drums and unbuttoned his shirt .
the instruments were neatly resting in their places , and the music scores stood on the stands , open to the middle of the dynamic third act .
he had intended to do the same with mine , but my violin was nowhere to be found , and in its usual place , under the bed in my room , stood a bizarre electric device connected by cable to a glaring red guitar .
there was something to which my eyes were not accustomed , but i could nt put my finger on it as there was no doubt that all its components were in place its wooden frame , the decorative window at the top , the aluminum doorknob .
she could feel the dull thud of her hips as the muscles popped in and out of place .
adjusting his paralysed legs to a proper place on the footrests , he released the brake , and aimed the wheelchair in the direction of the door .
an out of place , cheap steel gate would be the next task .
the big dryers were already finished the morning laundry and it had been hung by size in its place in the biggest walk - in closet laura had ever seen .
and near the end of that century the van fleets began to take their places behind and beneath better limestone and deeper inscriptions .
the explosive pain and shock when he had slammed her head into the wall rang in her ears as she bent over to put on her shoes , and the click of the door opening echoed inside her , and the tiny click of the door lock finding its place as she closed the door when she was outside and free was like a starter pistol going off beside her head .
finally just to calm herself she found a place by a wall and watched the northern lights dissolving over her eyes , watched the cartoon characters dancing with the people .
laura took the ring and put it on his finger and then he took hers and slid it in place on her hand and they kissed again and both of them remembered the kiss when they had married in the registry office .
when they finally went to bed , ann marie to the pullout studio couch in lauras office , tom to the bed amanda made for him on the living room sofa , because his place on the sleeping bag beside amandas bed had nt been appropriate since she had come back from the abyss .
wayne carved with an electric knife as one enormous serving bowl after another found its place on the table .
david squirmed from his mothers grasp and took his place on the floor beside lauras chair , looking at her steadily .
amanda left her don juan rose by the only window in the cabin and she tended it and was amazed that it continued blooming for weeks , long after the hybrid perpetuals on the table had shed their blossoms and dried in place where laura left them be .
miss brown had chairs brought from upstairs so everyone could be seated around the table and when everyone was in place , she went to a curtain that seemed to be covering a bare wall and pulled the curtain aside .
the windows have suffered a higher rate of destruction , as well as causing one , but there are still fragments that dangle in place , some of which then fall at undetermined intervals , smashing the otherwise unsettling silence .
a small twist of fate , a roof support or two out of place , and that could have been anyone us buried like that .
she went back to her place on the sidelines and looked over as she watched coach jackson head over to jays side .
the throne , though not in its usual place , was nothing to be scoffed at , as the crest on its back rose to the height of 5 meters ; the seat , too , was a meter and a half above the ground , requiring a small staircase by which the patriarch could ascend ; the plush of its cushions had been stuffed excessively so as to make the king appear taller when he sat in its seat : their soft material was of a honeybee yellow and the armrests were black , matching of course the colors of the floors ; the arm rests were set so wide that they required a king of enormous girth to be of any relevant utility : at their widest point , they measured 3 meters across .
unfortunately , today , there would be no opportunity to see how king baxter measured up against his forebears , as this throne had been pushed aside from its usual place under the huge golden spike to make space for the bed where he now lay sick .
they had now completed the day 's tasks , incense holders were returned to their time honoured places , candles were lit once more , and flower vases filled with life 's colour again .
with two kicks my gym bags slid into place next to georges vinyl travel bags and duffle bag .
cindy had all of her gear in one easy to reach place and started to get it before we stopped .
so , then i look around for a place to hide one of my heads , but even in looking , it starts to feel like an insult to all of the other people who donated their art to build this building .
so , i go back out to the street and walk around the building looking for a place to put one of the heads , but nowhere on the building makes sense .
then , after a bit more searching , i find my keys in one of their normal places , and walk to the basement maintenance closet where i retrieve a mop and a bucket .
part i september 1974 - august 1976 chapter 1 worlds apart peter mcknight finished the dreaded task : all his earthly belongings were back in place , freed from their summer hibernation .
schools across the country protested , but the bloody decree was already in place .
a few homes had small , but proud flowerbeds , which seemed lonely and out of place .
both he and roger then went to take their places on the stage .
patrick backed his new mercedes out of its parking place and pointed it toward the parking lot exit .
to block even more of our escape , she stepped to a place beside the man .
the bedspread was nt a good place to set up a play area , but the linoleum floor was too cold on an early spring night .
certain cows would kick up their heels as i would gather them in masses and i would see their white forms falling away from the herd , scattering for their places and at times little doggies , separated from their mothers , came at their heels and received a sound kick from the biggest bulls .
like a whirling dervish , he snapped a line of blue chalk every sixteen inches , hoisted the board in place against the studs , then ran a vertical row of black screws from ceiling to floor leaving a dimpled impression in the gypsum board .
eunice replaced the book in its rightful place alongside thirty other louis lamour offerings .
the missing t had been secured in its proper place and the sign spruced up with a fresh coat of eggshell white paint .
a set of gears in the washer clicked into place and the agitator began swirling the dirty clothes in the sudsy water .
so when one morning , as the old bear trotted as usual in the forest for breakfast food , such as some sweet honey or a fat bunny , little hans sat with all his power back against the stone , but it moved only a little from its place in spite of his stamping and kicking ; and now as the old bear came home and saw the stone had been moved , she looked grimly at hans and laid more stones before the entrance for the next time she left the cave .
but if he noticed , he was too kind to say so , only continuing his search for whatever blossom arrangement brought him into the store in the first place .
a few of joeys classmates stood in the corner , looking out of place and uncomfortable in a room filled with grownups and few other teenagers .
neither one of us could pinpoint the exact moment when the change took place , when sam accepted the fact that i was there to stay , that even a defiant teenage boy would nt change that .
every day , the items on the menu just fell into place literally .
finding nothing missing , she then looks into her shopping bag , and again found everything in its place .
everything seemed out of place .
her hair barely held form , strands of it popped out of place like weeds .
wherever the towels landed small skirmishes popped up before quickly dissipating , leaving one girl gleefully hopping in place while tightly holding her newly acquired prized possession .
each item suddenly seemed to bloom with vague possibilities as i found a place for it on george curtiss mountain , potential that we d somehow overlooked during the years it had sat silently in the dark upstairs closet or silting up with dust on the mantelpiece .
i love the idea of real flowers , but i m worried it will look out of place or like we forced them into the design .
maggie quietly got up from her place at the desk and went back out front .
she returns shortly and resumes her place and pose with pencil hovering over the page .
what he saw around him was an apartment shaped like half a donut , the whole of it , other than a tiny , port - a - potty - sized bathroom near the front door that bulged slightly towards what would be the donut hole , was one curved hallway slightly wider than narrow , with a kitchen in its center conceived in arrangement just well enough to walk through , and at the end of the hallway an oddly square - shaped and small bed that , when put into place , was pushed tightly against each touching wall .
then suddenly one creature , then another , yet another , then many and most , melted , not as candles to tables but in whole , in place , roiling , reshaping ; and when the roiling was finished , many of the creatures resembled joanna .
a few minutes later the old beast struggled to life and they climbed back into their respective places and roared off , the grand tetons towering into the sky on their left .
mckenzie paused to take a sip of his coffee , and then continued to say , she kept her apartment spotless , everything in its place .
nakul slipped out of the window and found a place at a chai waala stall nearby .
she had returned the key to its former place , thinking that if the door were found to be unlocked , nobody would know how it came about .
she proposed to go and sit down in her old place by mrs . davilow ; but as they approached , she saw , to her shuddering annoyance , that mr . lush stood at her mothers elbow .
then , i take each piece , one by one , and set it in its proper place .
i put the last piece of fine china back in its proper place in the antique cedar and gold chest , and then i go to the bedroom .
she took the photo from devon and set it back in its place on the dresser .
just from touching it i could picture the calm inside the home envision hesba , setting out floor mats , pulling the bread from over the fire , instructing the servants to take their break , see phaena finish at her loom before taking her place around the dinner spread .
swallowing impatiently , i gathered just enough courage to lean out from my place to check how far i had till the end .
reluctant , i stepped out of place a little further to see hesba smiling broadly and waving her hand at me , motioning for me to come and join her .
i wanted to see the lengthy rods lifted into place watch the fabric drape lavishly over them .
clutching my loose head covering i tucked it back into place over my hair and hurried away , the merchant looking after me in confusion and young boy waving his hand at my backside in arrogant dismissal .
a single remaining olive i placed between my lips as i stooped to collect our bowls , turning to stash them in their place behind the oven .
clumsily i put the garland back in its hiding place at the foot of the oven and moved the urn back in front of it , eyes glancing furtively to the front of the house when i d finished .
stepping into place at the back , i at once leaned impatiently out to stare down the row of women one of my feet unconsciously beginning to tap the hardened dirt as i waited .
looking down as she took her place before me once again , my fist clenched the black charcoal .
from my place in the open street i could see a giant bull had already been slaughtered , lying in pieces at the foot of the towering temple pillars .
i would have to station new boundaries in place draw a line in the sand , since i evidently lacked self - control .
hands reaching shakily to unclip the scarf from my head , i quickly dismantled my costume and cast the items back in their perspective places moving a safe distance across the room before turning to look back .
instead , my mind picked up in the same place it had left off the other day with worry and fear .
what i found most odd perhaps was how she had yet to request my assistance , instead putting everything in its place herself as she worked unaided and without grumbling .
he retrieved the plastic bag from its current resting place in the bottom drawer of his desk and checked the pristine white faade .
these elements seemed to be in place so theo bounded down the stairs three at a time .
with this in place , his parents asked him what he was hoping to do with the rest of the holiday .
instruments were already in place on the small stage , a sound - check having been performed an hour or so ago .
they took instructions from a sound engineer as to where to set the various instruments and amps , and once everything was in the correct place , all the instruments were plugged into the pa , and theo 's kit was fitted with pickup microphones .
he then twiddled with some knobs on a bright orange effects pedal , retrieved a plectrum from its resting place between three strings on his fretboard and strummed out a few basic chords to check that the guitar was in tune .
when he came back into the bedroom , carrying two mugs of cocoa , ' i ' m alive ' , the opener of side two of 20 golden greats was playing and the now fully dressed martine was placing the sky blue strat back in its makeshift resting place .
he managed to get the canvas in place easily enough , but once there , a sudden gust of wind came up from behind it and practically lifted the whole thing into the air .
when he got there , he took the drum kit from its current resting place in the hallway to the back garden .
as he put the book back in its place , he noticed the book next to it : something happened by joseph heller .
he slipped off his boots and coat from his body to their original place in the closet , ascended the stairs without a squeak , and lay back down on his bare mattress .
each day he looked for elroy in his accustomed place in front of the alley , simultaneously hoping and dreading to see him .
they were nt on the swings or in their hiding place under the deck .
if something was an inch out of reach , or an inch too narrow , or too high or too low , or too far away in the kitchen , if something were moved even a bit , or was dropped , or put in the wrong place , or if she forgot to do it , or get it , while she was in a spot where she was able to , she was just out of luck .
first , doris pointed out to him , to put groceries away first we first need to sort them on the table so we can put them in the right places in the cupboards and refrigerator .
then i cleaned out desk drawers , which left me with a full trash can and a place where i could put my purse instead of dumping it on the floor next to my hard drive .
as i began to sort plant pots , wayne emerged from his place to join me .
as i got down on my knees to search for them , wayne emerged from his place and knelt down beside me .
his eyes were red but he seemed to be at peace as he took his usual place on the floor beside robins chair .
before things get too heated , she breaks away and quickly wrapped him in protection actually almost a minute to get everything in place .
he has not exactly booby trapped the hallway to prevent the feared midnight food run , but he has set in place a few chairs and tables , as obstacles to try to derail the hungry train .
each electronic devise is in its rightful place .
he turns , back in a reflective mood and points to strap in its rightful place on the pillar .
that there might have been any more serious reason for her daughters decline never occurred to her ; indeed , she never saw it as a decline but simply as a matter of levelling out , of finding ones own particular standard , and among the more able pupils of the grammar school lucys place was no longer at the top , her intelligence was no longer quite so remarkable .
asked the landlord , when they had taken up their places on either side of the bar .
when they arrived , all jolly together , and stepped back into the beetle , i yanked the front seatback into place .
and you know when something is out of place .
and no sooner do i make this decision than i come upon an apparition which strikes me as distinctly out of place .
a man stops you in the street and places before you what looks to be a section of a finely printed scroll .
with the wermacht gradually grinding the pocket smaller and smaller , hard - pressed allied morale collapsed entirely , with officers melting away and troops throwing aside their weapons and racing each other for places on the few remaining ships out .
portugal and ireland would be cajoled to join the economic trade union that hitler was promulgating throughout the continent as he tightened his grip on the whole of europe with the framework put in place to allow for a single currency by 1960 .
in that very instant , as before in the intense gaze of the dishwasher , she fell inside herself , but instead of vanishing to extinction , of dying , a most incredible thing took place : the beautiful symbol drew near , as if pulled along by her sudden , disappearing sense of self .
within seconds , the pier guards had reformed behind their king ; the boy too , who marched into his place just past the interface , where silver - green extension met ordinary wooden pier .
and then perhaps i can do the impossible and coax that lake back upstream to its rightful place .
the trees were quite out of place in this desolate tract and now they seemed disturbingly familiar .
what ill tell you now is that a little more than twenty earth - years ago the teardrop was stolen from its rightful place in a magnificent temple at the center of aquanus and brought here by some terribly evil , misguided , egotistical men , men who thought they could exploit its power , men who thought they could terrify aquanus and become very wealthy in the ransom .
were going to let the teardrop be reborn again , so that it can return to its rightful place .
she studied them , but could see nothing out of place , really , though the skin on both looked distinctly pinker , tighter .
and its your job to return it to its rightful place .
i asked after wrestling the second tire into place .
by four oclock the roll bars were in place , the new k - member was installed , the engine rested in its motor mounts , and a fresh door skin sat waiting to be painted .
but before she even entered the kitchen , she turned around with purpose and marched back to the couch where she quickly folded the blanket , and tossed it and the pillow into their place under the ottoman lid .
unless she went out there herself , on private property , and identified the cactus plants in place , andwhat then ?
dane observed that not a hair dared to shift from its proper place .
( as you can imagine , in a darkness like this , i have developed exceptionally acute hearing ; in fact , it was possible from the faint sounds of the arms of his glasses sliding into place behind his ears and the upper rims of his glasses displacing the hair on his forehead ( and of course , the relatively loud rub of the nose piece sliding across the bridge of his nose ) to discern just what kind of glasses he was wearing as well .
channie grabbed the support beam to keep from falling over as everything clicked into place .
finally twin monuments are to be place at both ends of the circuit explaining what took place . ' ''
after plans for this farewell were in place , the colonel decided that he would just have to relax , wait , and see how everything turned out .
after they were out the door the waitress put the salt shaker back in its place and wiped the tabletop clean with a foul rag she kept hanging from her apron string .
it was slowly dawning on me what had occurred , what foul sea - change had taken place in my body .
jasper checked what little remained of their supplies , but nothing seemed missing or out of place , and there was no trace of whatever the fool dog had been after .
shortly after finishing with the water tank chef wiz came over to tell them that it would nt be until late in the afternoon before the conveyor belt would be ready to put in place .
as pip crossed the empty playing field , the two fifth formers looked around and deciding it was safe , removed the cake from its hiding place .
there was a widespread roar throughout the town house as daves furniture and clothing quickly founds its place .
two guards had to be put in place outside of the room to regulate the flow of traffic .
doak put the gun down and resumed his place , staring at emily .
the little dog bounded up her leg , jumped into her accustomed place , and curled up again .
gathering up his tools and returning everything to their place in the shed , jamie gladly complied with gardeners request and enjoyed a long , hot shower using plenty of soap , before heading into the restaurant for a beer and sandwich .
maggie moved from her place by the bed to give the nurse room to tend to jamie .
but you really were nt kidding when you said it was remote , said lily , from her place on the cabins tiny deck .
folks around here got it too easy today , jimmy , milt said as he wheeled the big car into his reserved parking place next to the plant managers .
jack levered another round , and waited in his hiding place , his heart pounding wildly .
reaching back , she returned them to their proper place .
all the careful forgeries were finally in place to be moved .
are the lines already written down , and the props in place ?
a chain of events can occur with some of the pieces seemingly out of place .
i folded sams sweatshirt and set it in the closet , and picked up his book , marking its place and gently pressing on the binding to close it .
she was busy returning books to their proper places on the shelves .
i drank a bottle of water , and then checked again to see that everything was in place .
as she left , she nudged up into place the gray tipped rubber doorstopper with the toe of her white shoe .
no one else knows and i prefer to keep it that way , so hand over the file and i will make sure it gets back in its place .
the man who was spreading the hay whispered to the woman setting the blankets in place , what in the world was he doing in here .
it wo nt be that long after i induce but well need to be ready and we must have maria in place by that time .
i just want you to delay the departure time so i can get my decoys in place .
can you delay him about fifteen minutes until we get our people in place ahead of you ?
the two were in place early the next day and waiting .
muttered bill as , stoical to the last , he returned to his place behind the bar and began wiping glasses with a cloth in automatic ritual .
i ve seen it myself , if there s a number out of place or an option not selected .
another one behind it will rotate into place . ''
the rooster potholders shed seen the night of the supper club had looked so out of place .
guards were immediately in place protecting moffats family and that of allisons friend .
an hour later the pieces were in place .
the team is in place .
in fact , the weapon that killed charlie sparks was in place at least some days before he died .
after dinner ill check the horse trailer , air up the tires , check the brakes , make sure the saddles are in place .
the accountant said he could help you get that in place .
if the dot stayed in place too long , it would mean that judith had walked to the clinic , and would nt be visiting annabeth murphy at her coffee shop in studio city .
this is our main recording room , and you can watch the session from here if you want a drink or snack there s a room two doors down to your left that has vending machines ill be back in a few minutes after i have my people all in place .
when he returned to his office it appeared that he was in a hurry to get everything in place .
i notice the dressing is in exactly the same place as an unsightly lump on this photo .
the note was placed in a prominent place on the boat , and beresford was allowed to drink brandy until he was unconscious .
soon after that , she took her place at the head of the buffet line with some of the other old battle - axes from the auxiliary and the commodore of the yacht club , to greet the guests as they lined up for the feed .
he rinsed the cooler and then returned it to its place at the back of marcella 's boat .
ashley shuddered and walked back to her place beside peyton .
the dungeon laundry room was in the same place as in years before , although the appliances were brand new and top of the line .
standing in the middle of the hotel room , i looked around , trying to see if anything appeared out of place .
i was sure cooper would notice they were out of place .
i bent down to put the papers back in their place and noticed something shiny sticking partially out from under the bed .
snapped marcus , and they were in place between the four and the space craft .
the kitchen was small and perfectly formed , everything of good quality and neat and in its right place ; similarly the bathroom , which when she opened the cabinet above the sink revealed nothing more medicinal than a toothbrush and floss .
look around us : not a thing out of place , glass everywhere and none of it even chipped , cupboards full of carefully organised trinkets which the killer would have had to put back absolutely right if they d been knocked .
as he moved to sit down before it , the duty manager returned to place pillows and a duvet over a nearby easy chair ; she saying as she did so , i ve upset you , have nt i ?
he wants the house kept just as it is , everything in its place , everything tidy .
rose wound things up , glass , you ve men in place ?
he waved his hands in the air to all sections of the dining room and took his place behind vera with his hands on her waist .
nothing seemed out of place except for the open door at the top of the flagstones .
a hook on the wall behind the row of suits seemed out of place , so i tugged it .
first , getting rid of my disguise , second finding a hiding place for a hundred or so boxes of ugly plastic .
nothing was out of place on her desk , her name plaque set at the front edge in the prescise centre : kara jameson , detective constable .
i wiped the sweat from my brow , took off my damp t - shirt and boxers and stared at the body - shaped stain that marked my place on the bed .
i hung up the phone and put it back in its place on my belt .
i holstered my gun and heard karas click into place as well .
look for any sort of natural landmark , a large rock , an out of place tree , a hanging limb , something that would be around year after year .
i closed the locker door and clicked the padlock into place then walked into the parade room to face my platoon .
a broken branch and out of place gravel , part of a print here and there .
he stood at his place at the table .
dwayne had the bently towed to his place in sierra view .
so after the floor , supports , and frame were in place they drove over to tractors , tractors , tractors etc .
i have got one piece to our puzzle i can put into place , anne said brightly , and this piece may lead to others .
i kept it in my place .
i tried to take the crystal ball out of its place but it did not even budge a little .
all appeared to be in place .
` ` we need to get some wire taps in place .
he stopped at two other rooms before finally returning his cart to its rightful place and leaving the building .
chapter 19 the police had everything in place .
the room looked out of place now .
' the nets are all in place , and the drag is about to begin .
we took the vc prisoners and blew in place the weapons , ammo , and rice we discovered in the village .
sarg , blow all contraband in place and take all the men prisoner .
roy threaded his way through the shipyard as massive cranes thundered by hoisting pieces of a ship into place where welders like roy flashed arcs of blinding light , putting the vessel together like a giant jigsaw puzzle .
he watched as the crane lifted a huge section of the ships super structure into place , a forklift drove by with a load of scrap metal , yard workers walked by heading for various job locations , talking about last nights events and the news of the day .
he took his place back on the couch .
it scraped on the hardwood floor as she drug it into place .
she burst into tears again , while the detectives were waiting once again to continue , chuck let his eyes wander up on a mantle place , filled with numerous family pictures .
the yard was in full working mode , sparks flying from welding jobs high up on scaffolds , big cranes busy hoisting mammoth pieces to be put in place , and the unnerving sounds of the accompanying horns and whistles .
thanks , slamm said and took the paper back to his place at the other end of the counter .
slamm took his professional place behind his desk .
slamm took his place behind his desk , went for the whiskey bottle in the bottom drawer , and leaned back .
i had a couple of the guys take a careful look around but nothing seems out of place or missing .
without another word he stepped up the ladder , braced his knees against the top rung , and lifted the picture in place .
three pink slips greeted me from the corner of my desk as i pushed my chair in place and sat down .
he made his entrance at exactly 8:00am , preceded by two altar boys carrying the cross and the bible , and took his place at the side of the altar .
along the outside wall there was a marble fire place that seemed almost cheery in the empty room , she gave it a thorough once over .
when the late evening arrived he merged from his office , blended into the crowd , and took his place on a randomly selected perch .
after that things could fall in whatever place they would fit .
a hotel staff of three followed him closely quickly jumping to adjust or fix anything he spotted that was out of place .
under yuris keen eye , something was always out of place .
with everything in place he delivered the ice breaker .
he wanted ; rather needed the space to allow the well arranged pieces to fall in place .
time ticked on his side and all the pieces were set in place .
i need to return it to its place .
i noticed that lzaros body was still in the same place , because there were some people behind the big table discussing and looking to the floor .
chapter 14 - babylon complete the five - year completion deadline was fast approaching and the pieces were finally falling into place .
we were ready ; the basic elements were in place .
next week amar and i will start our journey to return the ark of the covenant to its rightful place to a new temple on the dome of the rock that will be the headquarters of our new church .
she stood at her place .
she set it in place and stepped back to admire it .
chapter 10 the phone rang , startling sam , and she set the box back in place on the dresser .
at least the land rover was nt out of place here , as sams big red pickup truck might have been .
the wedding planner was in a snit because now that they had the table set up and decorated , sam was expected to be right on the spot to set the cake in place .
cantones place .
he d brought the mural with him and it would soon be back in place in the closet wall where cantone painted it .
it was surprisingly amateurish to hold such a prominent place in the room .
it would take another 60 days to close , but everything was in place .
i think you will find that the funds are in place and can be swifted to your accounts as soon as everyone is happy .
daisys face lit up as she saw it in its place of honor , under the spotlight .
some of the explosives might already be in place .
a major milestone was reached in january when the two domes were rotated into place using a jack and mast system , and held secure with temporary cables .
exterior of stadium completed , statues in place .
seating is in place and we should be finished painting by tomorrow .
its ready , and all the exhibits are in place .
fifteen minutes later agbu had the information he was looking for and the final piece of the puzzle was in place .
the girl swiped at her bangs , then swung her head to put them back in the same place they d been .
bella looked up from her place on the floor .
she smiled as she put the final staple in place .
jo heard the locks click into place when the door closed behind them .
she shoved boxes of extra inventory into their proper places on the stockroom shelves and swept the floor .
with a sigh , julie took sylvias place behind the counter and flipped open her notebook .
mrs . larsen , do you see anything that looks like its been moved or out of place , or does nt belong here ?
where would he have found the keys that now hung in their rightful place ?
jim stopped to look across the table at mehis finger holding his place on the page .
so he could and did clean the gun after killing philipcleaned it with the same equipment philip used and then returned the gun to its place on the wall .
she was wearing one of his oversized flannel shirts , a pair of his thick cotton socks , and her hair was out of place from laying on his pillow .
the water clock chimed as another number rotated into place .
billy was ready with a pair of wheel chocks , which he put in place before rick could step out of the cockpit .
i d place the cup in a cup holder , but jons car was so old they were nt invented when it came out of the factory .
jarrett stuck to his place at belinda 's head .
his car was parked in its usual place at the top of the back lane .
it had been there for quite some time , the cut branches were dark at the ends , stained with tar , and some had been trained into place around the hole over a period of time .
he shoved the last of the shelves into place in his new bookcases with a snort of frustration and stood back to admire his handiwork .
he opened the folder , found his place and began to work .
laura begley is in her usual place behind the gnn news desk at the headquarters in atlanta .
campbell looks at the judge for approval to continue , gets it , picks up the remote control and lowers the big screen in the front of the courtroom , and then wheels the computer / projector into place .
campbell finds the remote and lowers the screen while a technician rolls the dvd player into place .
we spent the next several hours doing exactly that , and got most everything back into place , with the exception of those things which had been destroyed and had to be thrown away .
` ` i ' m his new buyer , '' she said , returning her necklace to its rightful place under her blouse .
robert continued fussing around the room for a moment , finding a place to rest the flowers and balloons , and then handing me the injury bear before leaving the room to call pia and inform her of where i was .
* * * teddy stretched lazily from his nap and then whined , taking his normal place in my lap .
he wondered what had taken place there tonight .
he did n't look up at her , but continued to click the bright cartridges into place in the clip .
tina returned to her place on the sofa to be served .
sloan sent him off , saying he would roll the trailer back into place by himself .
the first mall show was in three weeks so brad had plenty of time to get all the plans in place for the show that he hoped would catapult him into a new spotlight of expanding his business venture even further .
' she could easily jump while we 're putting something in place .
paul closed the door and clicked the dead bolt into place .
but before i made a move he returned it to its place on the bookshelf .
i closed the door softly behind him and slid the chain in place .
they were so out of place that my feet refused to continue until i 'd made sense of it .
at least , this would have been the case had the london post not been suddenly ripped from its place at my side by a brash young woman with striking features and auburn hair arranged in a soft pile on top of her head .
curious , i left my place in front of the busy coffee shop and walked to the young lad , my eyes skirting the bland headline regarding the poisoned water of the thames in seeming interest .
she pulled the next curtain into place and picked her wand up again .
i finally got my stuff from the apartment and i need a place for my futon .
nothing seemed to be out of place .
that s why you need the bones in place by wednesday .
you need to have a plan in place .
i felt and heard it pop out of place .
i heard the bolts slide into place as i turned the key in the deadbolt to lock it .
this sign seems out of place .
the scavengers daughter seems out of place , it was a punishment that was meant to humiliate and hurt , not kill , while the other three were definitely lethal .
since i m pretty keen at noticing when anything is out of place that seems unlikely .
finally , the key popped into place and she opened the door .
go on , babe , jamal said from his place at the drums .
they had put their hats on top of mrs bramptons china cabinet , next to the art deco style teapot that always seemed out of place above the shelves of small seaside mementoes and mrs bramptons china dog collection .
once we had finished with the coffee and cake , and pushed aside our cups and plates , we discussed the logistics of moving the painting into place in the lion and unicorn pavilion .
i noticed the rail for the velvet curtain was already in place at the right height , which was a relief as i did nt want to have to wait for them to fix that .
she handed him the required cash and helped leon and daman place the cat inside the carrier .
she plopped down at her usual place on a well - worn wooden stool , and said , pinto beans are on the back burner , and the coleslaws in the refrigerator i brought some soft rolls for the pork .
i rolled the empty trailer into her place at the side of the yard , feeling stupid with tinges of dementia .
things were getting too complicated , and i felt compelled to get shannons trunk to its rightful place .
with no time to return to his hiding place by the house , robert ducked beside the stair railing and hoped the person did nt want to enter the rear of the house .
nothing inside seemed out of place , except the broken stair rail and the books scattered across the floor .
bethany wandered through the front room looking for anything out of place .
during the ride i tried to reconstruct the previous night but the pieces kept slipping out of place .
she hilt of the knife she handed me was wrapped in silver wire and fit right into place in my hand , the blade slid smoothly out of the sheath , a fancy pattern twined down the back of the blade , the edge was razor sharp and the superb balance made me feel like i had a claw that was part of me , not a piece of steel held in my hand .
when i returned from that i spent an hour on my death - checker , making sure i had everything in place and connected right .
i retrieved my knocker and looked around but i found nothing out of place in the store ; mimi had gone down without a struggle .
none of the men had seen bridget , wide - awake , her victorias secret ngliges straps reset precisely into place , watching intently from the upstairs window .
sebastian inspected the desk to make sure nothing was out of place .
i found a place in the sand and sat with my legs crossed .
once back in orlando we exchanged the buick for mr . tan and put all our supplies in place .
` ` if i had talked to you about putting stuff in place in case we do n't survive you would not have been thinking the same way last night would you ?
he was fairly confident that things were in place so that this would be relatively painless for harry .
he that there had been no activity because he had been able to put a track on her bank accounts after the first week she had been missed had gotten her bank to track back for the period from she had last been seen leaving work to when he had put the check on her accounts in place .
the room gave him an idea , the rest of it slotting into place over lunch .
but minutes later , already thinking ahead to the other pieces of the puzzle he 'd like to put into place with duclos , an idea struck him , a smile slowly crossing his face .
each time she looked at his room - with each toy and item of clothing in exactly the same place he 'd left them that afternoon - it was easy in that moment to believe that he was simply away , a school trip or summer camp , and soon would return .
let us strip away all the ridiculous coincidences slotted into place by the police and the prosecution - and see what we are left with .
his bags are all packed ; his ticket is already in the pocket of his coat , everything in its place .
he glanced behind him again , slipped his mobile back into his pocket , replaced the sheet , shut the file , returned it to its place and closed the drawer .
i 'd like you to spend an hour or so making sure everything 's in place in the incident room .
there was a dangerous pause as ds turner looked up slowly and , while keeping her place with her finger , closed her notebook as if to indicate an off the record remark , said , ` ` if i made assumption about your sexuality , i suspect you 'd be very quick to put me in my place , and rightly so .
kathy resumed her place on the floor amongst the piles , taking a handful of cds from a wall shelf and continuing to sort .
lets do it , delilah smiled as boone backed up and looked for a place to hide the suv .
the brick floated in more or less the same place .
` ` now i just have to slip this wrought iron grid in place in front of the door and we 're through . ''
jonas m'bwanbi looked at the ` ` shigs '' jostling for a place at the trough and guzzling the food .
i have my team moving into place as we speak .
lube and oil places do nt do very complex work .
this was to be the altar for the ceremony : i think it was always intended that it remain in place and become the altar of the temple itself .
the ditches and banks were all dug and already some of the posts were in place .
we edged the foot of the stone down the sloped side of the hole until it was in place and then used logs too wide to go into the sloped trench .
when she had completed her circle she resumed her place at alicia 's feet .
ian spooned more incense onto the glowing charcoal in juliana 's thurible and then they took their places at alicia 's head and feet again .
once in place the four people got out , ian locked up and they walked through the fire door and upstairs to the passenger deck .
he leapt out of his bed and rushed to the window to see his car back in its rightful place in his driveway .
the twins left her alone , and her locker , with a bad spray paint job and pretty bent up , was back in its place .
once he had located the file he showed kaitlyn to a desk , turned on the lamp , and told her to take all the time she needed then return the file in its proper place before leaving .
kaitlyn gathered her footing and ran up the stairs to the door , and then tried to push it open but when it fell the latch slid into place , trapping her .
i saw her place it there in a dream , kaitlyn added , answering toms question before he had a chance to ask it .
you notice different things and place importance on different signs .
bentworth turned and saw both josef and whitlock looking at him from their place by the window .
it wo nt take them long to get everything in place .
i m going to get into place .
for the chest to slide into place and my signal .
belle fell into place next to him .
kyle dashed forward and took his place inside the elevator .
the chest would have already been in place up here .
thinking fast , i took in the place where the cookies had been , on the back of the table , nearest the door , not the front where people could most easily reach them .
watkins , please return these volumes to their proper place until inspector black and i return .
the fact that we are leaving this hall of records means that the volumes you are researching must go back to their rightful place , in case someone else asks for them .
this is a perfect example of why we have to return volumes to their rightful place , even for fifteen minutes , as we enjoy our break .
chapter 18 saturday , june 18 bailey twitched the mosquito netting in place on their improvised butterfly house .
we maneuvered the spruce into place and carefully flipped it gently , until the official wilson family 2013 christmas tree was shrouded in cotton .
my team will move into place .
i slid into place .
not yet , not before they had time for a drink , for a conversation , for her to put in place the final pieces to span the two points in time .
hugh turned in place , sliding his hands along her hips , interlacing his fingers at her back and drawing her in to him .
joan nodded , returning her sword to its place .
ada leant over from her place on michaels other side .
she slid the bar into place across the door , then crossed to the window , looking out at the glistening ocean .
another two were undoubtedly in place for her here in the front .
just when the final pieces are sliding into place ?
drebin rolled the facts over in his mind as the team dropped into place .
denver put a hand up and stopped him in place .
i look back through the permits , searching for anything out of place .
everything is in place , no that s not right , everyone is in place .
they are probably trying to assess your familys powers now and try to ascertain how many more family members were not with you on the land so that they can report back to david and see if he still wants them all destroyed or if he wants to put a new plan in place to capture them and harvest their powers first .
when a plan is in place , if i need you , i will call .
i need to put one more thing in place before i leave my safe haven to ensure that nicholas and kayla will be taught well .
synopsis of secrets of sanctuary hospital dark encounter mias unearthing of evas sacrifice all those years ago could only lead to one action , she had to die in evas place when williams men came to reclaim marlena .
her arms would not have looked out of place on a construction site .
rice set the candle in its place ; the light grew and brightened the whole room .
` ` i am saying that , '' # 1 says , and places both his hands on top of the bar , intertwines his fingers together .
` ` we 'll be watching you , '' goon # 1 says , picking up his bar stool and putting it back in its place .
everything still seems to be in place .
abraham had found a place near the back of the race car where he felt comfortable and tench had brought a blanket from his home for the dog to sit on during the day .
kiara checked the lock and was happy to see it firmly in its place , but it meant that there was no communication from sarahs captor .
she heaved a sigh and kept the flower pot at its place .
everything looked at its place .
by late afternoon , everything was in place .
in the center of the lawn a square was marked off by black wire fencing ; within it the remnants of the summers tangerine - orange day lilies were held in place .
making a note to go and fix the mess she was sure to have made of my stuff later ( she would be unbearable in her commentary if i could not find my keys when it was time to leave even if she was the one who had moved them from their proper place ) , i headed back to the kitchen and started washing up some of the empty serving trays .
i do nt believe it , she exclaimed from her place out of our sight .
she grabbed the case off its place on the desk and placed the earrings inside before snapping it closed .
knottyer raised an inquiring eyebrow at bart who was still pouting from his place by dereks side .
it was not as though bart gave any indication that he minded being edged into what should technically be the grooms place in front of the pulpit .
claire noticed that her floral headpiece was starting to slide down her forehead at this point ( the fact that it momentarily blocked her vision being a rather good clue that it was no longer staying in its proper place ) , and she ( in regular claire fashion ) decided that it was an emergency of epic proportions that should have as much attention as possible called to it .
that s it , chessie called out as her niece seemed to be frozen in place .
the table held most of them in place for me .
now he stood between her and evans place .
the team was in place behind the new grocery store waiting for the buy to go down .
does that mean she was right handed wearing her watch on the right instead of left or does that mean she was left handed and someone did nt know and put the syringe in the wrong place ?
the plan was to erect them behind the hedges , on the police side , so that they were n't easily visible , but the intention was clear : once in place , the demonstrators would not be able to attack the police lines , or come into the fields where the police were assembled .
a few snowflakes also came through the grates , looking as out of place as mcfergus felt .
ill place the blindfold over my face then you place any object inside my hands , so i can guess it .
i went back to the same place at the railing and looked down .
our flagpole has been erected and our crest is in place .
i initialled a corner of the file to show that i had read it , returned it to its place and locked the drawer .
it was in its usual place .
i just took the proper cup and slid the sugared one across to gl 's place while she was saying something to pierre about the choice of cognac .
i had nothing to defend myself with , so i scrambled into a hiding place behind a few deck chairs and waited nervously .
finally , i wrapped her arms around my neck and boosted her up , grabbing her skinny thighs and lifting her into place .
our leader , identified by a card at his place on the table as sidney schaffer , president , fiddled with a switch and tapped the side of the microphone .
at the first floor she unlocked the door to the ramp , and i heard the deadbolt click into place as i left .
bev and emily returned to the living room , with a pot of fresh tea , and returned to their places on the floor .
he is dressed in an ill - fitting white suit with black pinstripes , black tie and matching shoes that would look more in place on a golf course .
after toting his bag to get the weights close i have two iron statues left which i leave in the spare bag and place on the floor .
there is no better place for the box than under my bed and as i have imbibed a few glasses of wine at gavins pouring , i tie a string from it to my wrist an old trick .
an attractive , delicate - featured woman , there was n't a strand of dark hair out of place in the ruthlessly neat french pleat , and rafferty wondered what hidden depths such an outwardly controlled appearance might be concealing .
each item had its place and remained in it .
after casting a careful eye behind the curtains , and finally assuring himself that a certain inquisitive six - year - old boy was not hidden in the room , mr lyon returned to his place by the mantelpiece .
julia was nt sure what her place should be so she remained seated .
she then started to walk away , but when julia stayed in place , the woman turned and said , do nt you want to go in here ?
` ` good , '' annie said as i took my place at the counter .
the bag made a few stops before its final place of rest underneath the rear , passenger side tire of the one vehicle that remained .
it had only been a few months , but the curves were all in their appointed places .
we need to get the rest of the structural joints into place before it hits or the entire structure could come down .
wesley kept his arm in place and acted like there was nothing off , like he did nt notice her movement to shy away .
the dresser itself was roughly dislocated , teetering on a left shoe from a pair of black pumps , which had left their place in her bedroom closet .
the floor there , too , was littered with various items carelessly thrown from drawers , from their proper places .
every little blond spike on top of her head looked as if it had been purposely positioned , as if every strand had its place and brianna knew exactly how to put it there .
i stayed in the middle lane , hoping to be in the right place should there be a blockage ahead .
upstairs , ron sat at his desk with the phone jammed against his ear , pinned in place by his shoulder .
laying the flashlight on a shelf , padre dragged the rug from its hiding place and dropped it on the floor .
the framework was in place for the florida room ; the concrete was set .
samuel found a good place for the lawn chair .
heather found a comfortable place in a circle of cedar shade , spread her legs and closed her eyes .
it was the likeliest place to find something out of place .
and , even then , only if appropriate security measures were in place .
dylan stepped aside before the doorknob caught him in a place that could do damage .
things were falling into and out of place in my mind .
every paperclip was in the paperclip holder , every rubber band in its place , and every last blank on every last form in every last file was filled in appropriately .
she had laid out hoes and rakes and gardening gloves for us to use to weed the hill with and after i put my wagon back in its place on the side yard , and put the shoestring i had found at the construction site in my desk drawer , we started on our chores .
he picked up the walkie - talkies from the washing machine where we had left them and pitched one up , underhand to kirk who had taken his place at the helm in the middle of the garage door .
asteroids was still in the same place it had stood for over a year , though .
here i come , jason yelled , stomping his feet in place in the middle of the street .
but if that chain was already in place when you arrived .
i momentarily thought about asking him if he had seen ray this morning , but decided against planting any ideas that might not already be in place .
he put everything in the apartment back in the original places and left .
there could just possibly be something here , something someone who knows the rhynns could recognize as wrong or out of place and the police would n't . ''
denis had put him in place with the carstairs , and i believed now that denis had removed him as well .
he nodded but did n't speak as the couch clunked into place .
grandmere alicias portrait hung back in its proper place .
small white rocks mixed in with the crushed oyster shells , a few disturbed , evident by the freshly - turned earth and small holes left in their former resting places .
ill have the guards katy wants in place by then , and probably come by , too , if i can get away .
in my bedroom , i slid the bolt on the door in place , not that that would keep bucky out .
i ve already told sir gary that ill deal with him after i get all the protection in place . ''
she returned to her place beside me and sat down .
i heard the locks sliding out of place and the door opened .
again , i heard the locks sliding out of place .
i heard the door slammed shut and locks sliding into place .
tell me about anything that 's different or out of place . ''
picasso was not to be found , but randall , howard j. was in its proper place .
if it seems out of place , it matters , please let me know . ''
i knew i was going to have a couple of nice and large black and blue bruises in multiple places .
there they waited for cutter to get into place .
i moved a coaster into place and put his coffee down .
i shut the door and went back to my place on the couch , curling my feet under me .
the credit card had been returned to its place , and the history on the computer had been cleared .
photographs ; both color and black and white , were taken while the flags and evidence were still in place , all evidence found had been bagged and tagged individually and placed in the van .
i m letting you know that security team is now in place .
i fixed myself a cup of coffee and watched michael run a quick brush over the horse 's coat before sliding the saddle into place , seeing firsthand that the perfection evident in his horses ' grooming had nothing to do with his efforts but with his groom 's .
they had him in his bed in ward 3 even before the spasms had completely died down , and an intravenous drip in place hardly any time after that .
various old books rested upon it ; they were held in place by two black wooden book marks shaped like dogs .
i opened the refrigerator door to return it to its place on the shelf .
aside from that , the living room was tidy , each cushion in its place , the smell of chinese pancakes and plum sauce slowly beginning to mix with the scent of lavender potpourri on the coffee table .
her mother moved an errant , silver fork on the dinner table to its proper place next to a plate .
once i d put everything back in its place after the debugging rampage from last night , i climbed on a chair and placed a piece of masking tape over the tiny spying device in the fan .
` ` most of it fell , into place by itself once i realized you were behind it .
offering them a seat , he took his place behind the large desk and as he proceeded to open the envelope .
alas , he took his place behind the large desk and commanded the others to be gone .
the color coordinated plates and glasses where then put in their places , along with some fine silverware found in another box .
she could ve easily fallen asleep right there , the world seemed to be in its rightful place , for those few moments , and then he shuffled her back into the light and went on home .
too many things have been put in place to turn back now .
taking back his place on the ground , he continued on right where he d left off , not noticing the silent words passing between jim and herself .
` ` i saw her place several things in a large globe , with a picture of the falls painted on it and then put it into a hat box . ''
pushing the keys into place , she debated calling from the cottage .
the ribbon free , he quickly tugged the lid from it place , allowing the contents to be seen .
angela pointed out to the old couple the places on the forms where their signatures were required , and stood up .
sighing heavily , she checked to make sure the doll trunk was still safely stowed in its hiding place on the lower shelf of one of the cabinets .
run in place on the platforms , april advised .
of the unlocked door and her personal items slightly out of place .
the cot was hard ; all my bones seemed to have been wrenched from their places , every muscle hurting .
i was straining to keep things in place .
the drawers had been reinserted , the scattered contents put back in place .
the master bedroom was in chaos , everything damaged , out of place , the floor knee - deep in stuff , clothes ripped and cast every which way .
do nt get distracted , i told myself , but if i was looking for some unknown thing , for something out of place , this was mysterious enough to investigate .
perhaps five minutes more , fifteen at the outside , then it should be here if everything had clicked into place .
he locked the doors and then searched around with his flashlight until he found a suitable hiding place for the key , under a sheet of metal .
the contract murder of lisa still had not been suggested to him but the snare was in place and the imaginary victim was safely out of the country .
lang immediately followed him into his office and took her place to the right of his desk where she sat taking dictation .
julie held the small bit of paper tightly in her hand as she replaced her steno pad in its place to the left of the keyboard former computer .
he carefully placed the rusty nail in front of lisa and the martini at michaels place .
nothing appeared to be out of place .
the professor too seemed immobilized in his place atop the ladder , then slowly and sadly he descended again .
terrance , recalling his urgent mission , pulled the door shut behind him , and hurried towards his faithful cherokee parked below in its usual assigned place .
from first glance , it looked out of place .
there was the white porcelain hulk of a broken sink unit , glistening and out of place in a hollow at the base of a gnarled tree , close to a muddy slide in the embankment side , revealing a possible means of ingress to the houses not so very far beyond , and the blackened and burnt out shell of a motorbike , pushed just off the track but not so well concealed that it could not be seen by every passer - by .
stephen carver stands up mechanically and leaves the cell , the man takes his place opposite me .
this worked for awhile until he went to the basement window one evening and found metal bars in place .
his hand felt a little funny the little piece of metal not in its usual place as he laid down on the chaise lounge and enjoyed the late afternoon sunshine .
gareth obeyed , finding a place at the prow .
however with each passing day , as the persons concerned were dealt with and the body parts returned to their rightful place she knew what she was doing was right .
by 6 p.m. the two teams were in place at both ends of the street .
the other car was in place ten minutes later .
this place must be well over a hundred years old , mother , and yet everything is still in its place .
walking down the stairs of the airport ladder truck that had already been positioned in place , he found the night innocent and comforting as he embarked on a new journey ; one that would take him to the memories and actions of his past and would define his future .
everything was in its proper place and it was easy to see why he was teased about having o.c.d .
he also knew he had little choice and decided to play out the scenario to the end , so he placed the device back into its hiding place at the bottom of his pocket .
morgan carefully put the pieces in place , twisting arms and creating a complicated stock swap that would have tc & i merge , rather than be purchased outright , with u.s . steel .
the table for 400 was set , the orchestra was in place , the servants all 70 of them stood stiffly like soldiers at their stations .
it was not the place the military aide to the president should be .
get everything into place , jack ! !
everything is in place , george ! ! !
nothing is in place , jack ! ! ! !
bill haywood knew that something dramatic must happen , some great event must take place to sway the vast american public to the side of a second american revolution , this time socialist .
its time to tie up all the loose ends and put the final pieces of the puzzle in place .
henry took his place at the end of the kitchen table and folded his small hands , preparing for a prayer .
its as if the planets were struggling to align and astor , by acting in a selfish , stupid way , is nudging everything into place .
chris and duff complied and sat on the hard benches with cuff hooks on the arms so there was no real place to put their arms .
but rather than leaving the area as barnes had suggested he took chriss place directly in front of barnes and glared at the detective .
things were clicking into place .
the soldiers kept us in our place , making clear the pecking order : guards at the top , all of us at the bottom .
despite more questions , this was all that rodrigo could contribute , and so the carpet was picked up again - this time , with the servant helping - and bestowed in its temporary resting place .
a female emt connected a tube to her limp body and lifted a saline bag into place .
the doors of the dark wood cabinet affixed to the wall between their chairs opened and a table with cup holders slid sideways and up into place at arm 's reach .
` ` i can have the units in place in twelve hours .
i have chosen three locations i will relate to vestavia once everything is in place . ''
i need everything in place in a few days .
` ` i 'll have your product in place by this weekend , in time for tuesday .
a hummer rolled into place , right where it had parked earlier today .
nathan straightened his hood back into place to shield his face , not sure how much she 'd seen in the dark room .
a minute later , stoner arrived with his monocular in place .
paul allison said sharply , hanging up the radio in its place in his vehicle , a tan ford , pulled in next to angel 's .
i wandered over to have a closer look , and found that the lowering device was in place over the grave , the green webbing stretched across to receive the casket .
the casket was in the ground , the lowering device had been packed up , and the funeral director and another man were shoveling the dirt into place , while a third man loaded the folding chairs into the funeral home van .
when she gained her place behind the wheel amid much crackling noise , he leaned in the opening and said , ` ` see you ...
he carried it over and dropped the base into place .
cece finished shuffling everything into place then raced into the bathroom to shower , shave her legs again , and groom any other wild hair on her body .
taking a look to ensure the guy was still out cold , jeremy stepped over to where cece sat frozen in place on her sofa , hands gripping the cushion on each side of her legs .
two minutes in , with her boyfriend dead and a deal firmly in place with her lawyer , pietra broke down and told them where they would find the body of reba cordova .
he placed the file on a table , closed the box , gently put it back in its place , backtracked carefully , and left the basement .
once the first fifty were in place , the rest would be excused for the day , and maybe called back tomorrow if needed .
when they were in place , judge atlee excused the others and said they should remain on standby until further notice .
after a lot of uncertainty and haggling , a plan was put into place to route it back to memphis as soon as possible .
it was n't that she had n't heard him - she had - but his words were so out of context , so out of place coming from this stranger 's lips , that her brain could not really comprehend the significance .
coach bobby took his place in the center of the opening .
so he filled out a ` ` no visitors '' form that had no connection whatsoever to the one that was set in place by the prosecutor .
i 'll have a car in place in five minutes .
` ` i asked to have a projector available today ... '' ` ` it 's in place , '' the judge said .
cameramen swung their lenses into place .
her eyes passed over the empty corridor , but nothing appeared out of place .
sure enough , carrie 's aging white subaru was in its usual place behind the building .
and then i did look up at her , and she stared back at me with her contact - blue eyes , and after a minute she nodded and went back into her place .
all we had to do was put things in what we considered a logical place .
he half - turned as he heard my steps , smiled at me , and pushed a dictionary into place .
called janet shook , who was marching in place right behind the pickup .
mom 's voice was calm , her hands steady as she set the plates down at our places .
i did n't care that my left arm was going to sleep , he did n't seem to mind that there was n't an altogether comfortable place for his right leg .
folding the paper beside his place at the table , he went down the hall .
the butter was in the refrigerator in the same place i 'd laid it down , and the lettuce beside it had n't been washed .
i bowed to marshall and ran back to my place .
nothing was rummaged through , or moved out of place , no drawers left open . ''
` ` actually , the couch with its back to the door was pushed out of place .
marshall was about to begin class , so i went to my place in line .
when all that was done , when the bags were folded and put under the sink in their designated place , i sat down at my plain wooden table opposite friedrich , who 'd seated himself , and said , ` ` what ? ''
those were the only two cars the killer could have counted on remaining in place .
i ducked my head to hide my expression and went back to my place , but when i faced forward for his next command , i saw raphael looking at me with some speculation .
they put the rest of their gear into their place .
my keys and cell phone were always in the same place on my dresser ; i pocketed them and slipped out the front door to begin walking .
but i ' ve got discipline , and i had my hair on and my makeup in place . ''
` ` then , sherry had made deedra strip , she backed her up against the car , and when deedra was in place , she struck her .
farrell did a quick cut - and - paste and voila , my earring was back in the right place . ''
the door was closed , and the red lever was slid into place .
she put the lamps in place and arranged the pots and pans , the crockery , and the cutlery in the kitchen cupboards and drawers .
she tried out whether she could access the hard drive and checked that all the files were in place .
a game with numbers that lined up and then fell into place in a simple formula that was most similar to a rebus .
bjurman howled into the adhesive tape when salander roughly spread his cheeks and rammed the plug into its proper place .
when he came back , salander had turned off his computer and put it back in its place in his office .
she helped blomkvist up the basement stairs and told him to wait in the passageway while she put the golf club back in its proper place .
he 'd spot the tail before you even had him in place .
it had taken matt the better part of fifteen minutes to secure the car booster seats into place .
hayes stood from his place at a back table and stepped to the front of the room .
she took her place before the mirror and squirted water into her hair , tightening the damp braids into a bun .
` ` we simply feared that whatever was put into place decades ago might come to fruition with the reemergence of imperial rule .
lord stood near the altar , in a place of prominence , akilina beside him .
everything , other than those boxes , was so in place , so coordinated , you would swear they bought the model unit .
all the furniture was still in place , and mandy had indicated to my mother she would negotiate with the buyers if they wanted some or all of the furnishings .
but madeleine was in her usual night place , curled on the little cushioned chair by the window , and she was sitting up , her head turned to the doorway .
slowly i got up from my place behind the chair , finding out that during those few moments i 'd spent there , my muscles had become strained and sore from the tension .
` ` you ' ve been crying , '' he said very gently , putting his gun on my vanity table , where it lay looking as out of place as a rattlesnake .
when gage was satisfied he had enough explosive in place to completely seal off this tunnel and trap the trucks inside , he prepared to extract .
` ` guess that means we should get in our places , '' abby said .
everything stays in its proper place , on tiered platters or doilies .
he glances at lo again and leaves his place to sit on the other side of my boyfriend .
a server places his plate in front of him , and ryke digs into the mashed potatoes , not giving aaron any more attention .
she teetered in place , rearranging the skirt in her mile - high shoes before glancing up at the woman who stood before her .
jack was n't seated across from bekah in his proper place .
ramsey did n't complain half as much as he used to before it had opened , so she assumed things had fallen easily into place .
holding her flowers up to her chest , lexi turned at the same time and took her place next to where chyna would be standing .
chyna stopped at the platform , handed off her bouquet of flowers to lexi , and then moved into place in front of her husband - to - be .
but she did n't move from her place behind the door .
but the pieces had already been in place .
there is n't a single strand of hair out of place on her beautiful blonde head .
with calm hands , she lifted the bar , stepped in behind it , and then let it slide shut behind her again , taking her place next to the others behind the counter .
she never wore much , either because it would have looked out of place with her conservative business suits .
her eyes ran over my appearance , doing an inventory of each hair that was out of place and looking for smudged lipstick .
it took every bit of willpower i had to make me move and take max 's place on the stool once he had finished .
once i pull the miniscule piece of fashion over my hips , i bring the tiny strings that will hold this ' dress ' on my body over my arms and set them in place on my shoulders .
quickly i look down to make sure all my girly bits are still tucked in their rightful places .
` ` head not in the right place , '' f**king a**hole .
epilogue ( 5 months later ) ( axel ) i have been running around all day trying to make sure everything is in place for tonight .
i knew it was childish , i knew it was out of place , and i knew it was useless against three men and whatever they were going to throw my way , but it felt so damn good at the time .
` ` no , she 's not drunk , '' jude said , pacing in place .
then the place he occupied on the bench .
off , '' she repeated , sliding the last earring into place .
after his surprise passed , his hands lowered into place over my hips , kneading into them with an urgency that tightened the muscles in my thighs .
i asked a while later , when he leaned back and investigated my face after slipping another bandage into place .
but me , i had the right to an absolute gut dropping worry because , breaking through jude 's defensive line , one of the visiting team 's lineman barreled right for the frozen in place quarterback .
nestling the stretcher beside jude , the five trainers positioned themselves around him , sliding their hands into place .
once i 'd slid into my tank and hiked jude 's boxers into place , i squeezed on the slippers .
it 's completely out of place , but it looks good when prospective students sit down .
when i do n't resume my place in the chair right away , he holds his palm out , indicating that i should sit .
everything is out of place from dropping the bag .
i looked around , and found stryker and adam had cleared a place on the floor and were both asleep on piles of my mom 's handmade afghans , stryker on a christmas one and adam on one for saint patrick 's day .
he finally removed my underwear and his mouth took the place his fingers had vacated .
she slid the album back into its place on her dresser .
i stay in place and tilt my head up to meet his gaze until he 's standing over me .
finally , she twists in place and we slide so the dock is beneath my back and she 's pillowed on top of me , body pressed flush to body , softness merging with hardness .
after a few more minutes , we reluctantly cleaned up our midnight picnic , and i slid off the back of the truck while jason bungeed the cooler in place again .
his voice grew serious , and his hands resumed their place at my hips .
i left my chair and slid into my customary place on my bed , against the wall with ben on the outside .
becca spun us in place so i was facing the bed , then backed up and sat down , crossing her legs demurely , her hands folded on top of her thighs .
she stormed past me and closed the door , locking it , and returning to her place on the bed .
i licked my lips and tried to calm my breathing as i searched the main floor , finding everything in place .
it was also spotless , the bed neatly made , nothing out place , which was unlike ben , who was a bit of slob .
the group grumbles and throws back a number of different taunts and insults before we pair off and take our places .
i make room for her on the bed , and she quickly takes her place at my side .
feeling more like myself , i go back to my place on the couch .
he hops up , and i take my place under the bar .
` ` one more word about my girl 's cycle and i 'll cycle my fist through your jaw , '' jonah says from his place behind his wife .
caleb drops the drinks in their respective places in front of us , and a waitress follows behind him with four beers for the guys .
my leggings and thong are all that 's left , and those quickly find their place in the pile .
i ' ve been molding and shaping those pieces , strong - arming them into place .
` ` tell me again , mummy , '' he demanded as she stood back up , the little boy happily settled on her hip , his place in her arms firmly and familiarly established .
she jiggled the key into place and stepped inside .
devon slammed the door shut and slid the lock into place , hoping that it would help .
i looked over the paper and with a pen i scribbled on it and put it back in its place till i needed it again .
when everything was in its place , jake and i took a step back and looked around .
instead of stopping , he turned me around , pushed me up against my wardrobe , and resumed his place on my neck .
after looking around quickly and making sure nothing else was out of place , i made my way to candice 's room and searched around in there .
i put everything in place and then handed him the bow again .
when we were in place , he continued .
` ` come , '' she gestured at us , her voice barely audible as the helicopter took off again , and i felt ( rather than heard ) the familiar cameraman moving into place at our side .
seconds ticked by like hours , and i squirmed in place , turned on and anxious all at once .
i snapped a board into place , then grimaced as i watched the other four teams charge forward .
` ` hi , '' i said softly as i took my place on the mat next to him .
we grabbed our litter and dragged it over to the final place on the mat , just as brodie and tesla waved the judge over again .
my skates were the last to come out , and i caressed them lovingly before putting them in a place of honor on a hook on the wall .
satisfied everything was in place , i laced my skates up tight , downed the rest of my breakfast , removed the guards from my blades , and then approached the ice .
i skated to the edge of the ice , and then dug my toe pick in to stop in place .
and , oh god- ` ` breathe , zara , '' ty told me as we moved into place .
then i stepped into place next to ty .
i listened to them from my place on one end of the couch , blowing on my freshly painted nails to dry them .
the other girls cheered for me when i got in place for the final round .
after grabbing the folder , sliding the errand phone into its place in her tote , and going over my phone rules and don't - say - anything sermon , i headed for the door .
` ` i did n't realize my winning came with so many conditions , '' he said , his mouth taking his hand 's place on my breast .
the flowers lining the walkway were so perfect they could have been silk , and if there was a speck of dirt out of place in the rest of the landscape , i was about to be elected the president of the local p.t.a .
there was n't a wrinkle in her linen pant suit , nor a hair out of place on her head .
he picks up the stack and hits the edges against the table to make all of the pieces fall neatly into place .
she tries to fight me at first , but i pin her to this place with my pelvis , her spine curving against the counter .
we should have had better things in place here .
like a puzzle piece out of place .
the triangles did n't fall into place on their own though , so i was still exposed .
i did n't think about anything - not about my breath , or whether my hands were in the right place , or what he was expecting .
i ran a hand over my hair , and when i was certain there was nothing glaringly out of place , i opened the door .
fitfully i moved between the window , the seatback tray , and garrick 's shoulder , trying to find a place to lean my head that did n't feel horrendously uncomfortable .
after a labored pause , he apologized and finished moving my arm into place .
i rose in place and shifted until i swung my leg over jesse 's lap .
i asked , rolling the condom into place .
so i slid that lazy smile of mine into place .
my hands found places on her as i shifted back on top .
it was spotless , and everything was in its place .
her crazy blue shoes were in the center of the floor looking totally out of place next to my discarded t - shirts and jeans and as i propped myself up in the doorway all i could do was watch her .
she can get a harassment order in place if he keeps hounding her and once the police are involved there is n't much a judge can do to make the report go away .
when we got back inside she immediately started calling around getting things in place for an adjuster to check out the damage and have the car towed to a body shop .
you 're going to feel a lot of pressure from the needle pressing through and then the jewelry being put in place just keep your eyes on me and keep breathing . ''
looking at my mother now , i remembered every time she had chosen this life and that a**hole over me , and it burned away some of the safeguards i had put into place to protect my heart from the inferno of the rage that lived inside me .
the music was so loud it made even my head hurt , but it distracted me long enough that i got a few last - minute things done for the tour , and set in place a few details i had hanging with the recording for black market alphas .
i heard the latch click into place , and i turned off the shower and opened the door .
he slipped out the door and the lock clicked into place behind two girls who 'd entered on a leash , tugged by jagged scar .
he huffed , dragging his hands through his out of place hair .
the band was doing a halfway decent cover of ` ` jigsaw falling into place . ''
i turn it in a circle until it 's perfectly in place on the condensation ring it left behind , and then i wipe the moisture from my lips with the back of my hand and rest my head back against the chair .
all items were carefully chosen and had their place .
she looked up from her place in front of the cheap desktop that she 'd used for years for her online gambling .
darla 's face was in a place of complete rapture , hair framing her face in soft curls , her eyes on me and her body loose and relaxed .
if thinking about amy made my mind turn into a whirling confusion of emotions i had no right to harbor after four and a half years of what i did to her , then drumming could sort out all the pieces and put them in their rightful places .
stretching out , he pulled me on top of him , guiding my h*ps into place so i perched above him .
and veronica was so obviously out of place in all her classic hollywood perfection .
by the time he reached ty , the true movie star was back up on his horse and local cops were physically holding fences in place against the surging crowd .
rubi gestured to the hairpiece she was helping a stylist place in another model 's hair .
and since there 's not a hair out of place , i think i ' ve actually managed it .
glancing at her , trystan stood and walked the guitar back to its place in the corner .
trystan perks up in his chair , but the cop places a hand on his shoulder to keep him in place .
i beam like an idiot , and then quickly drape the other locks in place .
he continues moving around the set , putting things in place .
while em runs off to change , i lay down on the towels in my tank and cutoff jeans , adjusting my sunglasses so they 're in the right place .
kaz smiles at me from his place at the head of the long oval table , and with a wave ushers me toward the table .
i turn and catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror ; my makeup is smeared and running , my hair is rumpled , my clothes wrinkled and out of place .
his eyes widen as the robe opens , and then he shifts in place as i let it fall off my shoulders .
eventually , i heard an engine and then a car passed us by , oblivious to our hiding place .
i checked the religious paintings twice before i returned to sylvie , convinced whoever removed the diary never put it back in its hiding place .
his other hand kept me in place holding the back of my head as he met my eyes .
i place my hand over hers and trap her hand in place .
besides , starting is always the hardest part and even though i know everything wo n't just easily fall into place , at least i know that it 's headed toward a completion .
i pluck them from their place and hold them like a dagger , stalking slowly toward the source of the noise .
nothing 's out of place , but it feels wrong . ''
she spins me around and pulls the dress into place at my shoulders and smooths more of the fabric as she runs her palms over my hips , before swatting my butt .
marty reaches forward and places both of his hands on top of mine and pats me .
every strand is perfectly in place , which is the complete opposite of sean 's .
marty is paused , stuck in place .
as soon as his chest slips against me , i want his hands in places hands should n't go .
sean scoots back to his place .
sean slips the toy into place between my legs and pushes it deep into my slick folds .
i imagined the poor thing would float for a while , lost at sea , then finally sink , maybe finding its resting place beside a small bottle of acid .
i saw you in the coffee shop that day and then everything snapped into place , just as everything snapped into place when you saw me . ''
` ` yeah , '' i say , but i feel weird admitting it to him , ` ` i like my stuff neat and everything has to have a place . ''
he gets up immediately and i hear him walk over and then the sound of the thick fabric being moved until he gets it into place .
andrew and eddie make it to the stage and start setting up : andrew takes another barstool from somewhere behind the drum set and places it center stage right in front of the standing microphone .
streams of fabric also appear out of place within the image ; it 's blowing in the wind like hers .
i raised my head from its place on his chest , and looked him in the eye .
daniel read it out loud and set it in a place of honor next to the picture frame .
i ' m pinned in place with my hands above my head and bryan ferro 's tongue in my mouth with his hard length shoved against my hip .
when we get it in the correct place , he gets the needle ready and i shut my eyes , feeling myself change the moment the ink touches my skin .
i stay quiet as he positions the drawing on my finger until he gets it in the right place .
it did n't budge from its place and the boy looked on dingane with a brilliant smile .
when i was done , i unplugged the steamer and returned it to its rightful place in the closet .
as the d - bags climbed up on stage , my sister forcefully made her way through the quickly swarming crowd to a place directly in front of kellan 's microphone .
as we had moved into place , they barely registered me , before turning to look at him with open interest on their faces .
the guys had everything in place for hitting it big - time ... even a contract with the same record label that had released justin 's album .
my eyes widened as a puzzle piece locked into place .
lights were adjusted , and reflective panels were put into place , giving the pair of lovers mood lighting .
the ramones poster i 'd given him was framed and held a place of honor on the wall beside the d - bags ' bumbershoot poster .
he simply filed on after the others , taking his place at the front with utter confidence .
jordan shifts the seat back to its place , then closes the door behind me and makes his way to the driver 's side .
something shifted in his face , a puzzle piece sliding into place .
i walked around to see if anything was missing but could n't find anything out of place .
i walked into my bedroom to make sure that everything was in its place and it looked perfect .
i walked out of my hiding place in the hall just as mr . james was opening the front door .
` ` holy shit , '' he sighs in relief , jumping down from the counter again , running to the door , and sliding the latch in place .
` ` i like to live on every dangerous side except when it comes to birth control , '' he said , rolling the condom into place .
` ` cole carson , '' i said , as he moved into place between my legs .
clark 's car went in front of us , the other falling into place behind .
he pulled my scarf back into place over my chin and smiled .
i run my hands over the dress , making sure it 's pulled all the way down , and everything is in its rightful place .
genna asks as she picks up my feet and sits in their place .
she has n't moved from the place where i held her to the wall .
bronn said he wanted the changes to be in place by the time of the full moon , '' jackson answered .
` ` this was sabah 's place , on her back .
his part was perfectly straight , not a strand out of place .
maylee 's room was just as she 'd left it , her suitcase and clothing still in place , bags of souvenirs at the bottom of her closet .
he settled her in place and gently pushed her head down between her knees .
with baby jillian in front of her , completely undressed and unwrapped from her little burrito blanket , diaper in place , laura bent gently over with the baby 's entire foot in her mouth .
so she had spent most of the day dusting baseboards , pulling things off shelves and wiping under them , cleaning the crud out of the corners of the bathroom and making sure that everything that did n't really have a place appeared to have some kind of a place .
her dangerous force of nature , of course , but as he centered her and lifted one leg into place for her , his shaft sliding in from behind and making her core grab hold of him like a velvet glove , she wanted danger .
now he was done , and as joe took his place on her left side , trevor on her right , the three settled into what he 'd come to think of as the movie shot .
i smoothed my hands across the bodice of my strapless gown to assure that everything was in place .
i watched the scene get set up , cameras in place , actors on their marks , and direction given .
the low , red circles that rimmed his green eyes were definitely out of place on his face .
i moved a few of our wedding pictures , making a place for his statue .
tammy and i held the sheets of plywood in place while pete boarded up the window .
i was mentally preparing to open the pub back up for business and reviewing the precautions i needed to get in place before i unlocked the front door .
ryan bolted the tree in place by the front window .
adam and i are directed to the dais , sitting in the middle two places at the table to the left of the dais .
the next model takes anya 's place at the water 's edge , and anya plops down onto the sun - warmed sand beside me .
just come , baby , '' i tell him , watching from my place in tub as he turns on the shower .
a brief glance down to make sure everything is in the right place , the black prada clutch purse adam gave me as part of my twenty - third birthday gift in my hand , and i move into adam 's waiting arm .
he murmured , hands firmly in place beneath his neck , arms stretched up , chest and torso long and elegant , cock at the ready .
a quick movement from laura held it in place , the pie balanced precariously on the edge .
did n't you put a plan b into place or whatever ? ''
we 're talking lumpy , bumpy , and strands out of place everywhere . ''
but the ride is smooth , and we both stay in our places .
he whirled around and went to snatch it from its place on the floor .
emma took her place in front of carlee and gazed out at the massive crowd in attendance .
mairi had sighed wistfully , her gaze distant as she returned to her place on the floor .
taking his place next to mairi , damen pulled his wife close to his side .
the cleaning supplies had been put back in different places , and the air smelled of perfume .
i found trevor in the kitchen , with a hammer , tapping a piece of trim into place below one of the kitchen cabinets .
the costumed actors took their places in front of the movie screen .
a place for everything and everything in its place , as it should be .
the living room was silent , and nothing was out of place .
all of my chairs had been put into place , paper napkins twisted , and trays wiped .
so the assembly design had been up to him , and it concerned us only insofar as the speakers needed a place to be hidden .
i 'd described that chair and its place under a sconce one night , back when i thought i 'd have him back .
no sooner was i in place then his c**k slammed into me .
it marked the space , was totally out of place and did n't look good .
her chair was in an awkward place , tilted and resting on the side of the tub like she 'd run into it when she fell and tipped it over .
` ` and this is brutus , '' i motioned to brutus who jerked up his chin and kept his place behind me and just to my side , close to my back .
freddie took his place at a wall , shoulders to it , arms crossed on his chest , habit .
ditto with his place by the base .
his hand still holding billie 's , who was skipping in place by his side , mitch was right behind us and billy and i both twisted .
he did this while billie , who was standing beside me and billy , who kept his place where he had been standing beside mitch at the mouth of the hall , watched mitch move .
i found places for some of it in my room , my storage unit and the living room .
billie cried but did n't move from her place sprawled on mitch .
` ` of course you do , honey , '' i said , smiling at her from my place leaning against the counter .
then he tugged his tee and jeans back on , i pulled on a nightie , warm socks and dug in his exploded bag that now had a permanent place in the corner of my bedroom and pulled on one of his flannels .
his body bucked , his feet kicked out , trying to push me off but i kept my focus , kept my place and kept squeezing .
a photo that , blown up , was framed and sitting pride of place on the shelves in their family 's living room .
` ` this is bullshit , '' cigarette kidnapper entered the conversation and i opened my eyes to see he did it from his place , leaning against the wall , one knee cocked , sole of his boot to the wall , smoking another cigarette .
chace called from his place stretched out beside a tired but grinning faye in her hospital bed .
a nanosecond after shy got it in place , he had an arm around my waist , his other one curved under my bottom and i was up .
` ` yeah , babe , good food , '' tack called to me from his place at the door , and my eyes moved over tyra 's shoulder to him .
` ` this is a f**kin ' joke , '' max clipped from his place , h*ps against the sink , beer in hand , unhappy expression on his face as he stared toward the drive .
i hit the kitchen seeing max was at his usual place against the sink , steve was at a stool and mom was at the counter surrounded by what looked like everything in max 's cupboards .
he rolled , taking me with him and twisting his head to look at the clock then he rolled us back into place and said , ` ` eight o'clock . ''
in two hours she could bleed out of multiple stab wounds , some of 'em in places , i swear to god , you sit on this , you 'll feel 'cause i 'll make certain you see jail time , you ass**le , and a cop in lockdown will get all sorts shoved up his ass , '' tate promised .
this night included him and bessie holding the frame up in various places in the living room while ella , honey and lexie studied it , fingers to faces , heads tipped to the side , uncertain and directing them to move it somewhere else .
` ` yo , baby doll , '' julius greeted from his place camped out in front of the television .
then he went to jack up the ac and rejoined his wife , his eyes passing the shadow of the picture frame that was back in its place on the dresser .
he barely got the doors closed before she looked at him from her place sitting cross - legged on the bed and said , ` ` the answer is yes . ''
my heart pitter - pattered as the man in black spun around and caught me staring from my place by the rigging .
i moved from my place at the foot of the bed , inching closer to him .
from my place in the centre of the carpet , i balled my hands .
zel made a humph noise , not moving from her place squished against the wall .
from my place in the shadows , i watched the woman i wanted more than anything .
taking my place in the middle of the runway , i smiled tightly at the model chosen to wear my centrepiece .
it took pride of place at the top of the letter with intricate calligraphy and penmanship .
pieces slowly realigned , slotting unwillingly into place .
the instant her shoulder touched mine , everything that 'd been pulled tight snapped back into its rightful place inside .
pressing her shoulder blades with one hand , keeping her in place , i folded the belt in half with the aid of the chaise .
swivelling her in place , i pushed her forward until her chest met the glass .
` ` did they put your shoulder back into place ? ''
franco placed his arm back for me to slink up the other cuff , settling the shirt into place .
dropping my hand , i grabbed her in the exact place she held me .
because everything was in its rightful place , and i just knew .
` ` i ' ve already got plans in place .
he watched her place the chicken onto an oven plate and drizzle it with oil .
leaving the bathroom , curse took his place at the table .
make sure your woman is on board with whatever plan you ' ve got in place . ''
once he cleaned her , he opened up the fresh razor and placed the blade into place .
i ' ve got plans in place for everyone . ''
he 'd put everything in place .
kenneth smirked from his place beside frederick .
the furniture sat in the same place with her bed in line with the window .
her hand curved behind her holding david in place touching her while her fingers curled in paul 's shirt .
` ` mia and billy like my place , and i ' ve got a lot of plans in place .
he left the room , and she heard the lock on the outside slide into place .
she heard the door close and the bolt slide into place .
peter fitted a condom into place then lay down along the pillows .
her mother had marked where the milk was when she left , and everything was put in place .
rose will know her place , and then we can all have a chance to play with her . ''
she never could remember which one was larger , sat in pride of place in the centre of the room .
nothing was out of place ; everything was put away .
he was praying when i placed the bibles back in his place .
he watched her place them each on a coaster on her coffee table .
none of the locks had been put in place , which was not like kelsey .
her daughter started to fuss , and he watched her place the bag on the floor and rock her .
she pulled out a bottle , and he watched her place it in the microwave .
the shop had two cars already in place to be worked on underneath .
last thing i need is for you to f**k up the cars we ' ve already got in place . ''
i do n't know what snitch has in place .
pulling the gun out of his resting place around his ankle , he released the safety and waited .
there was a bolt across the door along with several locks in place to keep people out .
the different shades of purple looked out of place on her skin .
prue stared around the dance floor as her nerves kept her in place by the bar .
everything had been put in place to make the event memorable and worthy of calling prudence his sub .
prudence sat down , and he helped her into her place at the table .
his lawyer had everything in place for dane to be transported out of england .
he kissed her on the lips , his hand grabbing the back of her head to keep her in place .
stephen sat in his usual place staring at the singer on stage .
the red hair was out of place with such pale skin .
going into his security room he checked the cameras and made sure the codes were all in place before locking the front door at the press of a button .
his hand banded around her waist , helping her in place .
he slid the bolts into place locking them inside the dominating house .
holding her hands down to the bed , he pressed a palm to her stomach keeping her in place as he tortured the bud nearest him .
with quick movements , she ran into the bedroom taking her place by the bed as the door opened connecting their bedrooms .
if she was to lean her arms on the table she 'd look out of place .
washing the toys in anti - bacterial soap , he dried them and placed them back in their place .
she arranged her clothing into place then brushed her lips across his .
she grabbed a piece of wood and aligned it up before getting the screws to fit into place .
none too gently , he shoved the man aside , taking his place at lily 's side .
he did n't have a plan in place , and this was all happening so fast that he could n't hack it under the pressure .
two huge video screens dropped into place on either side of the runway .
she screamed without pause , trying to make her voice carry to anyone who was in the area , as she kicked out , trying to hit vulnerable places on the two hulking males .
he groaned , his massive body starting to move , his hard member finding a warm resting place between her thighs .
sam put the book back in its place on the shelf and pulled out the previous volume , making himself read the entries from his time together with maddie .
there were packing boxes everywhere , everything in place for the movers to come tomorrow and start packing and moving maddie 's stuff to his place .
she pulled a bound manuscript from its place beside her from her chair .
he would come closer , knot his fingers in my hair and order me to flip over so he could show me what happened when i forgot my place .
i pushed his hand from its place across my stomach and pulled myself to a sitting position .
my heart sank - then shot back to its rightful place when i saw the conspiratorial gleam in her eye .
visible amusement colored his eyes before he slid his sunglasses into place .
she pushed her horn rimmed glasses to the bridge of her nose , only to have them fall back to their original place as she shook her head effusively .
and then the iron curtain fell back into place .
once the table was set , everything perfect and in its place , i was left with the quiet and the quiet gave my nerves the chance to magnify .
she has been spending most of her time at her husband 's side , but she still looks as immaculate as ever - without a hair out of place in her charcoal grey suit .
composing myself and making sure my blouse is not tucked out of place , i enter the hospital room .
her lips are painted scarlet and she does n't have a hair or thread out of place .
a glass window slides into place between the front seats and the back , effectively soundproofing us from the driver .
the kind who would implode if there is so much as a cushion out of place .
not a napkin out of place .
the entire kitchen is filled with the smell of just - fried bacon , and this is what delilah places in front of him as he seats himself .
she could feel his gaze on her , could practically hear the puzzle pieces snapping into place in his mind .
usually i 'd push a bike out of the garage before mounting , but i need to be on the bike to be sure i ' ve got my arm in place .
all of my new things were going to be delivered to my room the following day and asima and her team were going to take care of putting everything in its place .
i asked him as i walked over and then i stopped in place , my witty joke about never drinking alone dying in my mouth .
the fakes are in place and there is no computer trail .
finally the cross softly clicked into place , the last piece sliding into place .
she got slowly to her feet , and lucien moved around her to take her place on the edge of the bed .
all of the arrangements were in place , the work of minutes .
lucien pressed a button and the privacy glass between the driver and the rear of the limo slid into place .
it had never left her finger since the day dan had slid it into place , and however much of a sham it seemed right now , the idea of taking it off felt like removing a piece of herself .
lucien leaned forward and spoke to the driver again in fluent french , then slipped back into his place beside her .
the woman looked utterly relaxed , as if she were fully clothed rather than dressed in stunning black and ruby red underwear that would n't have looked out of place at the crazy horse .
did he expect her to meet him with the egg in place ?
surprised , sophie perched uncertainly , and lucien took his place behind her on the arm of the chair .
she watched him as he studied the bottles on the bar , selecting the odd one and either shortlisting it next to the hierbas or else putting it back in its place behind him on the shelf .
` ` kara and dylan , '' lucien said , slotting the pieces into place .
when reggie stepped out from behind the screen with his robe in place , david helped him get the leather arm bands and harness on before leading him to the set .
the door looked disturbingly out of place with its fresh , bright , blue paint .
i slid the last book into place and grabbed another stack , shoving them into place before i answered her .
i slid the last book into place and grabbed another stack , shoving them into place before i answered her .
when you have everything in place , we can go over the details .
we were destined for greatness- just a matter of all the pieces falling into place , right ?
ben already had his pants on and was in the process of buttoning up his shirt that was sticking in places to his wet chest and back .
now with the cold light of day smacking him in the face , he looked over at anne 's empty place in the bed .
i had just managed to click my seatbelt into place , when i had to unclick the damn thing again .
it took almost half an hour to put everything in place and the clock showed 6.45p.m when they finished the job .
could she have a rib out of place or something like that ?
she entered home in an angry silence , went to her room , took off the robe and put it back in its place .
after making her bed and packing up some things she had left out of place , she moved to the wardrobe .
she had to do something to put things in their proper places and she would do it that same afternoon , beginning with joshua .
the bed occupied the central place in the room ; next to it , was a small bedside table with a dark blue lamp with a picture of goofy that made her laugh inside .
after crossing the jamb , they sat down in place .
in the end , the professor approached patricia and took his place in front of the class .
before doing so , she passed by the window and made sure that lucas was at the same place .
to her astonishment , lucas had nt moved a single inch from his place .
marina picked up the second plate and put it in the place beside hers , motioning for lucas to sit there .
setzer watched as mare returned the portrait to its temporary place against the wall before slowly sauntering toward the couch .
setzer made sure his things were in the proper places .
when dusk settled , i returned the blanket and now empty water jugs to the basement , and restored the key to its place beneath a landscaping rock .
sit , i said , taking the napkin from its place on the side table .
she looked up at me , not taking her cheek from its place .
he s here , brendan said from his place behind the display .
nolan taunted , taking his place on the grown up side of the net , and serving the ball without delay .
~~~~~ cameron watched from his customary place in the recliner , as sam stood guard next door , and he wished that he d never brought trouble to their doorstep .
sir stephen gasped as a hand clamped down on his right arm , pinning him in his place .
my leg may be broken in places , but a wheelchair could at least get me some fresh air or something .
my room was exactly as it should be , everything in place .
she had apparently been practicing for quite some time , and she had everything in place to disable the woman and then eliminate her .
i reached up and slid my sunglasses into place over my eyes .
all seemed in place ; no boobs hanging out ; pants still on ; my dress covering my crotch .
candace was looking at me funny so i checked my boobs to make sure they were in place .
once mandy was sure everything was in place , she went to tell buddy .
why do nt you come back later when the flowers have been put in place ?
he looked down at the blotter and adjusted its position slightly , then changed his mind and moved it back to its original place .
he watched her place the booby trap on the counter and nodded .
satina inhaled the delicious scent of the stew , gave in and sidled around marten and into the space by the cupboards before taking her place at the table .
turning to face him , she carefully inspected the length of yard goods shed arranged on him and pinned into place to conceal his flight suit and boots .
it was a bit tangled , but everything felt in the right place .
when we got there , we all put on our snorkels and alex and i folded up our clothes and put them in their place .
when scott was gone , jenn took his place by the door and she looked at me .
gracie heard the snap of locks shifting into place as tina began to get ready for her night with greg from admitting .
he was gathering wood for the fire places in the main dining room .
noah went to place sophie in the warm tub but she wanted gracie to do it .
all week long , the conditions have fallen perfectly into place for bryson and i to cross paths and chat privately for an amazing few minutes -- hopefully amazing for both of us .
the whole thing is just out of place as she walks up in silence with a giant grin on her face .
the lamp made an audible thud as she plunked it back into its rightful place .
erik snapped the lock into place on his patent leather suitcase .
lukes legs bounce on each step and he puts his hands on them to keep them from falling out of place .
he grabs his wheelchair out of the back seat and the officer watches in shock as he pops the wheels into place .
the house is so beautiful and perfect that the splintered unfinished board leaning against the front steps seems out of place .
they decided to grab their own stuff and put it in place after they brought it up , something about two birds with one stone .
another two hours later the truck was empty and all the furniture , the couches and bed sets the gregorys had given them , were all in place .
melanie took her place in the tiny space to put her own bathing suit on .
she takes her own place in front of the crystal ball .
only when the mothers sit in their rightful places will the world be whole .
we threw all the bags in the back of the jeep and the purse sat in its customary place between us .
a piece of paper out of place or a drawer not left in the same half opened position ; little things that would have gone unnoticed by almost anyone else .
the soft whispered prayers of the priests felt both menacing and soothing as they called upon the heavens to bless the site , and at the same time , put in place wards against evil .
amara asked , and i noticed sarah listening from her place at the counter .
we had four hours to get everything in place .
the stud carried several mares with the bloodlines they wanted so he was confident that teril would have his gift in place by the time the wedding took place .
i believe this is why father sent him to return the spear of longinus to its proper place .
the next day after work , i walked into my apartment , shut the door , and turned around , only to freeze in place .
i stepped up to her place at the desk .
hi , i mumbled , as i put my keys in their usual place .
to my surprise jo was sitting in her usual place at the table and a coffee cup was waiting for me .
once the bed was in place , jonathan stretched his aching back .
to anna , the tie seemed out of place .
anna took her place in the driver 's seat and gave him a quick smile .
once again , the tie seemed out of place .
her cat was seated in the center of the bed and gave steven a disgusted look when the movement jostled her from her resting place .
it will be set into place at the last moment .
when they d died , we d moved into their places without a ripple stirring amongst our small pack .
i shivered at the thought , my nipples pricking again , and i shifted in place , feeling deliciously slick between my legs .
i held out the tube to him , settling back down to my place at his side .
he waited and then crept silently inside , guided to their hiding place by suzannes passionate moans .
lonnie expertly put the string of five canoes up against the shore , disconnected the rope , and let the lodge boat glide , unpowered , to its place at the docks .
gol had torn his arm away from its place at his shoulder and ripped downward until the entire side of his torso lay exposed to gol 's view .
he leans closer to me and places both of his hands on my knees .
i see a blur of movement as michael stands in place .
yes , that i do , michael says as he removes vincents arm from his neck and places vincent close to the wall .
all right i say as i see vincent place his hand over his forehead .
amys heart raced as she rushed to the door and slipped the deadbolt into place .
when amy arrived at elizabeths , mike had the horse trailer hooked up to elizabeths suv and was teaching her how to back it into place .
after putting her newly purchased items in their appropriate places , kyrah went to bed feeling an ache of loneliness as her mind went inevitably to ritcherd .
i went downstairs , smelled coffee , eggs , bacon , saw ben and dorrie in their usual places , sitting at the kitchen table , reading .
that night saw the birth of true love between them , it was all out of the blue and unrehearsed , but all the pieces just dropped into place perfectly .
there was a notch in the middle for her head , a padded yoke for her shoulders , and a place for her arms to come through from underneath and grip the willow crossbraces on either side .
women , who had mercifully loosened the stays of their corsets during the performance , now adjusted themselves , hoping everything was in its proper place .
the aeroplane was almost completed now , with the wings ready to be set into place , but she needed two men to help her .
alain left his place on stage , walked over and lifted her to her feet .
the little wickerwork chairs were in place for the next mass .
having got to the ground early , lee secured his place in the stand on court five before the main crowd had gathered .
once installed in its place of honour at the top of the bag , he went back to his wardrobe and took out another shirt which was placed at the bottom of the bag .
i jogged over to my place at the side of the stage and grabbed my guitar .
now go find your place on stage .
he tucked a fly away curl back into it 's proper place .
i assumed , they convinced me to get up and shuffle to my proper place .
dave asked as he skied into place next to blake .
once he had this in place , he d head back down and cozy up by the fire .
now it is hard for me to realise that my college life travelled so fast and it seems that it ended even before the bus i took had reached its place .
when shed put the last pair of shoes in their place , she went into the adjoining bathroom and ran herself a bath .
he pulled his cell phone out , wanting to make sure everything was in place .
nothing was out of place ; everything was as it should be .
he raised his hands to place on either side of her face .
once they had taken their places at the altar with trey , the wedding march began .
krista took a couple out of the box , found a pen holder , and happily turned to go pick a place on her desk where she could house her new treasures .
nothing was out of place when he moved .
krista checked to make sure everything was in place .
the sounds of safeties clicking over and clips sliding into place filled our awed silence .
the rest of the brothers stumbled to the living room , clicking magazines into place and shoving their feet into pants and shoes .
i followed vaughan inside and set about loading what guns i had left and finding places for them on my body .
the trash was either from the previous looters or cardboard boxes that had been dragged into place by some animal , most - likely rats .
he took up a place beside her , close enough for her to tell that his pomade reeked of almond oil .
` ` you 're very kind , '' she said as she smoothed the featherbed into place with his help , then lifted the second mattress and placed it atop the featherbed .
he left and tess and gould took up his place under the overhang of a closed - up shed .
tess took up a place on the varnished seat next to gould , bowing her head into the slashing wind .
she took a place beside him , thinking : will it be here ?
she took her place in the slow - moving queue of guests and introduced herself to each member of the receiving line : a short fat man from dexter paint company , and a tall thin one from north sea weathergear .
she took up her place in a line of gowned and jeweled beauties and thought , at last , the great equalizerthe line to the john .
he jerked his head around , only then realizing he d stayed in place staring at the closed elevator door for who knew how long .
* * * * everyone was checking their makeup for the last time , taking that final breath before places for the evening performance when angela appeared at the doorway in full charity regalia .
half joking , georgie stood up in her place , waving to the girl further down the row .
the universe in its vast complexity and incomprehensibility , sustains itself because everything , every piece of wood , every leaf on tree or every hair on head is at its place .
everything seemed to be at its place , the universe was at peace .
its clean enough , he said , then returned to his place on the sofa .
katja sat in what had become her place at the table .
she went back to her place on the sofa bed with a bucket and a cold cloth and passed out .
maurice stood at his usual place behind the bar .
she constantly watched the clock , counting the minutes until micah came home from work , resuming her place on the steps while she waited for him to round the corner .
the instrument , locked in its case , had been propped up in the corner of the bedroom she shared with sibylle all these weeks , and she eyed it from her place on the bed .
if the hottie in the gun holster chose to believe eldridge and helped him , she could unravel everything he d so carefully put into place .
everything has been planned , everything set into place , he said .
the house was spotless at all times , not just clean but perfect , everything in its place .
i clicked the next bulb into place .
making sure the sleeve was in place , there was no fabric wrinkled or bunched to cause discomfort , she reached across , lifted her mother 's paralyzed left arm and fitted it into the sleeve .
her mother had now returned from work and was sitting at her favourite place at the table .
everything is set in place ... you do what you have to do and you do not leave until she says yes .
she felt the bed move as he took his place next to her side .
walking away , she took up her place on the opposite couch .
she slammed the door and slid the deadbolt in place .
the final piece in the puzzle of her life connected in its rightful place .
my thoughts exactly , rahda , she says noncommittally with an unreadable expression as she pulls out her communicator tablet , presses a few buttons , and then says , place both of yours hand flat against the door .
the next two hitters both popped out - gage 's words - and just like that , the players changed places on the field again .
when the catcher squatted in place behind the plate , alex stared at the pitcher .
if not , what other reason would you have had for being on the titanic when you had other definite plans in place ?
and uneasily she gave in and relaxed back into her place .
that left two days for everything to be put in place .
riley crossed to the adjoining room , nudging a floor globe into place as he passed .
so i pulled out what i could find , elliot said after returning the fish food to its place under the counter .
riley did a quick sweep of the house , not expecting to find anything out of place , let alone a person lingering in the corners .
but concern for jessie tugged on his tattered conscience , so after pushing rose marie 's chair into place he turned to head outside .
once his bedroll and canteen were in place , he mounted , offered up a small prayer , then hit the road toward mary 's place , dodging broken ground along the way .
stealthily , he followed the sound , the rifle in place against his shoulder .
he helped her into the saddle that johnnie had just cinched up , threw the saddle bags into place , then looked at rose marie and mary .
` ` he 's had enough , '' max bellowed from his place on the ground .
once he paid the livery keeper , clint saddled up , threw his saddlebags back in place , and hoisted himself onto shadow .
* * * johnnie watched from his place in the farthest corner of the sterile room .
the toyota looked out of place next to the mercedes and the rolls .
it looked out of place next to the small mud huts with thatched roofs .
frowning , she picked up the pegs and poles , stared at the canvas , and then looked over to where simon was hammering his poles into place .
she stood staring at an anti - tank mine that had been removed from its hiding place and now lay on the side of the road .
you know i like to have all my facts in place before hang on a second , he said .
he had the target pads in place on his hands and held them up for me .
he easily moved one of the targets into place , and my fist landed against it with a thud , not a solid smack like i d been getting against the bag .
but when he put the second plank in place and turned back for another , razor was already halfway across the first one to hand it to him .
i watched , a little more fascinated than i would have liked to admit , as he ripped open the wrapper and slid it into place .
they could hardly put a plan in place if we brought it into the open .
after pouring a cup and adding in some delicious cow product , celeste took a place at the table .
the plane was just pulling up to the terminal , and the jet walk was moving into place .
your voice just write the check to harmony house in beccas name and send me a copy of the receipt , she said softly over her shoulder , their mouths only inches apart , and his hands squeezed her shoulders after the jacket was in place .
finally , with the procession completed and all participants in their places in the chancel , the organist ended the hymn with a window - rattling flourish .
` ` hey , brant , '' toothless charlie called from his usual place on the hotel railing .
i moved it less and less until one day it stayed in the same place all day .
the only way i could ensure that shed find it there was if i slid the keyboard out of place .
tom picked up the dollhouse itself and set it back in its place .
however , after lunch , the boys went outside to play , and kelly and mike took their places at opposite ends of the house .
i get home from a long day , trying to provide for us , and i ca nt even find a place to put my briefcase .
i m pleased when i find that everything else has been organized and set in place as well .
they repeated the trip half a dozen more times as they transferred everything and set it into place .
after a time she stood and began to unpack , putting clothes , books , and painting and drawing materials into their proper places , not yet thinking about the restthe fact that in a day or so she would begin her tenure as bear lodges summer cook .
the mast of the ever joyful was missing from its usual place .
she s looking at the picture of my dad and me that occupies center place on my desk .
i said dropping the menu back in its place between the condiments .
he lifted a post into place , with biceps bulging .
instead , we all dismounted leaving our horses tied at the edge of the square along main and found an empty place on the grass facing the gazebo .
she tugged on the inside of my closed elbow , so i quickly blew the fleck away before returning the kerchief to its rightful place .
the loud , rhythmic music had everyone dancing , mostly in place since there was hardly any room .
then taking pride of place in the centre of the table with symbols painted on it possibly with the same red liquid in the bowl was a picture of him .
once they d dragged the gate back into place , susan put on the coat .
closing her eyes , she was able to draw energy from beyond to place jane into a trance .
afterward , to her delight , rose bushes were lowered carefully into their new resting places .
with deliberately precise and controlled movements , she walked around the room and collected all the personal items she had only the day before put into their new place .
she spun around from her place at the huge window overlooking the courtyard with its neat beds of roses , gravel drive and bevy of sleek cars .
she put the quilt in its place and went back to her cleaning .
he started to stand only to have her place her hands on his shoulder .
walking back to the bedroom , he took his place against the wall across from roys bed .
chapter 11 evangeline , this has to be a mistake , adela appealed from her place next to liam on the couch .
he apparently liked things in their proper places and did nt throw dirty towels on the floor .
after leaving the underground laboratory , gabriel replaced the rectangular patch of grass to its previous resting place and entered the main house .
sasha titov deftly navigated the tight confines of the cramped quarters , replacing his beloved equipment to its rightful place .
his full lips stretched across his bleached teeth seemed out of place , as inappropriate as a ken doll manufactured as jack the ripper .
he tensed briefly in his bent pose then released his hand from its resting place between his knees , retracted it and promptly thumped it against his temple .
just as a fresh wave of tears began , the creature returned from its hiding place in the kitchen .
god , she could feel the firmness of his six - pack abs beneath her womans place , and suddenly her insides were heating up and turning into mush .
we rejoice in the manner god has led them to each other and got them to the place where they now stand .
as the side door powered open , laura was surprised to see the car seats already in place , somehow not what she had envisioned in a vehicle like this .
kids in place and griddle hot , doris poured the usual puddle of batter , then poured two small puddles at the top , and one very small puddle at what would be the front of the design .
i need to get some things in place for the kids ; they still have to come first , but , yes ; ill do everything i can to start monday morning .
tires checked and tow strap in place , with jack and franz in the front seat , the tractor lugged the big car around to the garage for servicing .
the other half of amandas time laura would have to make arrangements for , but even that seemed to be falling into place .
ryan knew his path now , but there was still one thing not in place , and he had no way to know when that would happen .
leaving the car in its usual place , ryan walked laura back to the cottage for a final embrace of the evening , and reveled in the ardor of her kiss in response .
everyone moved into place , and roger with alice on his arm started their short walk from the cottage .
we need a staff meeting with everyone here right now to get this in place .
everything seemed to be in place , except that it appeared somehow incongruous that vinnie was standing talking to franz about the plug - in , and the motor home was now moving toward them .
ryan found her in the kitchen area making sure all preparations for the reception were in place .
ryan and laura had just finished placing the picture in a place of honor , when jack and amanda bounded in from school , full of their usual energy and wanting to tell their parents about their day .
i need you to check all the enclosures and make sure every animal is in its place .
she pulled off her hood as she walked away , resuming her place beside her mother .
morgan narrowed her eyes and took her place at the other side .
everything was in an exact place .
he made his motions deliberately casual , tucking his apron in the usual place and helping himself to a drink from the cooler .
his head spun with the taste , the scent of her , and he moved his right leg to the side , making a place to cradle her between his legs .
she sensed ric behind her and straightened now that the plates were in place .
now , if you ll excuse me she left them there and took her place behind the counter .
woodenly she retreated , putting the trays of food in their proper place .
you re asking me to break a spell that was put into place for a reason .
mom sat down at her usual place at the table and izzy and i sat down across from her .
i do n't think there was a single leaf out of place .
he then went on to explain that they d place the kids somewhere until things were sorted out .
` ` a place for everything and everything in the right place ! ''
lapsing back into doris day on her way back to the kitchen , she plumped and arranged the designer sofa cushions , pulled the fringes of a handmade rug into place with her toe , and straightened the glossy coffee table books .
with a little flick of his wrist , he tossed it expertly at the fridge door where it not only landed flat but stayed in place .
i put safety systems in place .
at the nurses words , he bounced in place and heaved himself up , his face lit up with a happy smile .
she would not have looked out of place on the cover of a magazine .
his arm stayed in place and it pleased her , despite the fact a strange mans hand on her bare shoulder seemed oddly intimate .
when they reached the great room , marianne looked up from her place at the reception desk .
their chitchat continued while jeremy cleaned up his work area , folding up the tarp covering the wood floor , moving the sawhorses back into the garage , mopping up the floor and moving the furniture back in place .
she returned the other jars to their rightful places .
it reads : ] may 30 simply because come with me and ill show you night skies of stars that grow the reddest roses their long stems of light dipping their fragrant petals that bloom and grow into earths gravity they gently flow while spilling earthbound bulbs of fire into the night i m being careful to avoid the thorny paths of lust fearing to awaken within you the lion that slumbers in your soul roaring out power greater than a stormy ocean out of control only for it to switch places with the lamb awakening within my own bleating out light filled with songs of peace we d once known being reborn between the mountain of your virtue and the lake of your love ill watch for the snowfall of our start to melt into the replenishment for the reservoirs of my heart will nourish the growing timbers of tenderness that steep themselves in the heaven sent rains of peace and light throughout the forest of our love as birds sing a celebratory chorus by flight sometimes the world within my heart is as a volcano that shoots out the whitest light spilling lava that freezes into a sea of glass that receives the suns rays translating the bright white into sparkling colors of the rainbow for more heavenly days and yet sometimes my soul peers out of the window to watch as the stars shimmer across the ocean in the night the two worlds blend sinking the light of the stars to swim through the ocean deep awakening a part of my soul once buried by sleep passing swimming stars reveal the liquid purple fire that hides in the black coral reef not far from the glowing fluorescent mists that court a new belief that the shadows in the seas of a night ruled by lust drown out every lightning rod of righteous desire so i must use all of my brawn along with prayerful help from heavens love to draw the stars back to their proper places in the night sky above long before the last night wind ushers in the dawn .
susan did nt attempt to pull her foot from his knee , and brandon did nt move from his place on the pew .
swaying gently , the aluminum fishing boat kept its place in the bay , secured by the anchor brandon had tossed into the water just minutes earlier .
she ignored his comment , forging ahead with the mental groundwork shed set in place .
at the foot of the stairs , i turned right and headed past the front desk , tugging violets billowy print blouse into place over the waistband of my own snugbut mid - lengthyellow shorts .
i could nt drag my attention past his blistering confession and my sudden burning need to know exactly how relevant it was to the low hot throbbing that had just settled into place deep inside me .
i hurriedly erase the texts up to holly 's last one and drop the phone back in its place .
i walk back to the kitchen and place my hand on the curtain .
she gently touches the sides of her hair , making sure every strand is in its proper place .
my ancient metal desk sits to one side of the front of the room , all my things neatly lined up and in their places .
and percy was a little more prickly than the other cats and so kept his distance from his place beneath the sofa , his green eyes glowing .
devon set the plates down in front of ro and sadie , and on his place across from them .
sadie was watching devon from her place on the nearby couch , her chin in her hands , hearts in her eyes , and a lustful look on her face as she puffed on a cigarette .
she wrapped a leg around him and away they went thrusting was a bit tricky in a slippery shower , but he had locked his feet in place on the mat and was able to push into her time after time after glorious time panting , she wrapped her arms around his neck he held onto her for all his worth they came at the same time with fireworks exploding in the bathroom using that shower would never be the same again .
every cousin and/or distant relative would show up looking for fried chicken , but my mother would make sure not a beetle was out of place .
hey , reesey and i are going to go downstairs and see if the groomsmen are all in place , okay ?
right now all she had to do was pick it up from its hiding place , meet her buyer , and shed be out of here one rich - assed werecat .
it slowed him down , forced him to plan and think about where he d place each kiss and how he d suckle each drop to the surface .
hannah let the smallest of sighs escape her as she replaced the telephone receiver in its proper place .
a good morning to you , hannah , abby greeted her from her place on the bed ( still sitting in her carefully arranged dress with her picture perfect posture ) .
she beamed in the general direction of hannah who was making the rounds of the room straightening the covers on the bed and tucking various items back into their proper places .
she continued to talk as she moved the breakfast tray from the table top to the chair and set about putting all of the items that had been pushed around to make room for it back into their proper places .
. , she sighed and finished her straightening of the table before lifting the tray from its resting place on the chair .
abby rose to her feet and struck a graceful stance as she pulled the wand she had earlier nearly forgotten at home from its place still tucked into the sash of her dress and twirled it between the fingers of one hand as she looked out over the gathered children with a thoughtful expression .
ian demanded that she elaborate ( while still keeping his voice carefully lowered and remaining in place in deference to his sisters restraining hand on his arm ) .
he nodded at the drawer that she was pushing back into place .
the parlor spread out before them , but there was nothing out of place .
she sifted , trying to find a more comfortable place for her plastic coated leg .
as she reached the houses front door , she turned to make sure he was gone , and he was , but in his small cars place was the long , worn , brown leather case with the brass buckle .
there was a place for everything and everything was in its place .
he waves to the server for the check and places both hands flat on the table , palms down .
other than that , same rules as bulls place .
he tugged it into place between the two and then sat in the chair on the right and reevaluated .
yes , i answered , throwing a leg over the moped and taking my place behind him .
a powerful pair of arms reached around her and slid the dresser into place .
he found them a place in a set as the first notes sounded .
when joanna stood up , christiana took her place at the dressing table , but waved sally away .
arriving , my team is already in place .
from what jeff tells me , i wonder if she knew what was coming and was even trying to put things into place to make sure that her family would be alright .
i can understand why mia went to jeff to put this in place .
we need to put other protections in place and no one is to leave the courtyard area .
then , he stood and took his place with the team .
he would feed in front of me , place bowls of human blood just out of my reach and the worst , splash it on me without giving me any .
i did nt have another fifty bucks , nor was there any more money in levis hiding place under the loose floorboard in the barn .
she shifted in place .
suddenly davids left eye slid down and out of place .
a table with thirty two crystal wine goblets and a red velvet clothe draped around it came up in its place .
he walked slowly as he crept into place and raised his hand , do nt say anything and walk backwards with me behind the dumpster .
the last of the plates shifted into place and finally he opened his pure white eyes .
as if sensing she was approaching , he stood and tugged his shirtsleeves into place , then glanced at her and smiled .
it seemed out of place amid the sleek polished wood of the desk and the expensive furniture .
in the line of expensive cars , hers seems only slightly out of place .
they watched the fire grow and dance happily in its place , popping and crackling , giving off welcomed warmth against the chilly afternoon .
betty hurried to her room and quickly closed the door making sure the extra lock was in place .
dropping her feet from the couch , she left the cheetos bag in her place .
the first pair swung eight more times at the end of the tunnel and took their places past her and daniel , laughing , panting and holding their heads that must have been dizzy as hell .
i was just looking for one tiny hair out of place , could nt find one .
my team takes their places in the vehicles and i snap my belt on .
abbey took her place behind her and began to slowly push the giggling child .
she was sensible enough to know that high heels and ball gowns would have no place in somewhere like montana .
i d love to get a tracker in place .
a little more glitz than i m use to , but since i m not paying for the event i m bound and determined to enjoy it , even if i am working during it , nate replied as he found a parking place .
when you have it in place , sit facing the chair over there and ill get things ready .
i looked up and found that he had on a pair of black pants , a white dress shirt with the top button not yet in its proper place and a black vest that s buttons were also waiting to find their homes .
when the clothes are in place , you re to immediately exit the room and respond from the other side of the door so i know for sure you re gone .
the generally accepted view is that charlestons walls , bastions , and even some moats were in place by the year 1704 , but all except a seawall were dismantled just thirteen years later so the town could be enlarged .
meanwhile , we need to get our story in place .
maya , we have all the arrangements in place .
maybe the damage was already in place .
3 after they had came back , she bathed the little ones , and when put them back to their place , a teenager girls bitter shouting can was heard from outside , into the house .
the crotch of his right arm makes a perfect place to hold something temporarily , like when his left arm is preoccupied .
anything that might have been out of place ?
i made quick work of putting all the groceries in their proper places when i got in the house , and then started making the pizza .
i was nt sure about that , or what he knew that would lead him to think it , but i rushed through a shower and got all my knives put in place anyway .
it wo nt be long now and everything will be in place , then i can tell the team what losers they really are .
she took her place on the sofa again .
he commanded in a tone that gave nothing away of the horror he d felt when he d seen her run out from among the trees just as he was in the act of firing a fast volley of arrows at the target he had in place forty yards further down the track .
len , the construction foreman was juggling multiple trades on site at once -so that by today , the end of week three , the fourth garden wall that would completely enclose the space was half - complete , two thirds of the pergola uprights had been concreted in place , underground services for drainage , power and reticulation were well on their way to completion and the greenhouse foundations dug out , concrete poured and supporting walls begun .
so , what evil plans do you have in place for the berserkers before you give them their answer ?
` ` got backup plans in place . ''
he hungrily tore away at the bread , while kira took a place on the little cot in the corner .
excited yells and hollers from the men could be heard from her place in the galley .
he stood like a caged lion , not moving from his place but looking ready to pounce at any moment .
when the light was out , she heard him sigh heavily from his place on the floor .
wow , someone is playing an april fools day joke a little early , i said , laughing while i did my best to act like seeing furniture in the opposite place of where it should be was a common occurrence .
everything floated back down into its proper place , like nothing was ever amiss .
thank you for the training today and the spell i heard you ve already put in place to protect us .
after a quick shower , i put on my knives , which were all laid out in their proper places , my jeans and a shirt that said it is good to be alive .
i hurried through my shower and affixed my knives in their proper places .
you used to hate it when anything was nt in its proper place .
after you ruined the pretty pink pair i had for you , i made sure to put them in a place you would nt look , rick said .
he stood up and returned to his place by the door .
i was a little sleepy from the busy day i d had , but i needed to stay awake for a little while to make sure all the plans were in place for the wedding .
it had been a long while since i d held a baby , and it took me a second to get my hands in the proper places .
mak and i took our places at opposite sides of the mat .
i found my towel in the corner ceiling was still in place and my food in the cabinets was untouched .
i jammed the towel into its place , did a quick clean of the counters and shelves , and grabbed my purse .
the scenery was in place , complete with chairs , table , and high stools for the two at the bar .
later she drove me to the dock and we pulled up beside our car which was in the same place that column had left it .
she smiled and took christophers place behind the wheel .
i need to prepare to leave and put some things in place while reginald and amanda get ready .
there are papers on the ideas that jonathan had for foundations that he had spoken to his lawyer to put in place , you will find all of that there .
the furniture appears strangely out of place , modern despite their antiquity , probably because of the elizabethan nature of the room and the torches which are the only other light beside the fireplace casting soft shadows on the sandstone .
mia , when he came for my mother , deals were made , rules were set in place , and limits to his claim upon us were imposed .
he would not have released the souls to open the gateway if he did not believe he has everything in place to convert the child and win , he has never been this close before .
please tell me that you did nt do anything to stop what i put in place .
changing gives me a split second in time where i can grab hold of him , but i have to put things in place so that many things can happen at once .
with a prim smile i replaced my ivory phone receiver to its place in a crystalline cradle ; the beam abandoning me moments later as i considered the subject of my abbreviated conversation : oliver clark , my employer of two years .
grabbing a sleek grey business suit from its place in my closet , i threw it over the planes of my tall , sculpted body as i ran a comb through the shoulder length strands of my thick , cinnamon brown hair .
i froze in my place , my mind reeling as i fought to reconcile the words i was hearing with the person that spoke them .
its lily , i informed him , even as i pulled a sleek scarlet dress from its place on a defenseless garment rack and secured it in my hot little hands .
rising finally from bed , i grabbed a shiny new paperback book from its place on my bedroom bookshelf and plopped back down on the edge of my floral print comforter .
a flash of rational thought pierced her fear , and she latched on to it , suddenly realizing that it would n't have been out of place for a light to have been left on .
the cashier gave them two - plastic cups for their sodas and a plastic number to place on their table while they waited for their order to arrive .
when i wavered , he placed both of his hands on my hips and then gently lowered me into place .
it seemed very out of place .
the rooms had taken shape , potted silk plants in place , lamps on tabletops .
no sooner had she locked the plastic tray in place when the baby reached out onto the table top and upturned the relish dish .
the telephone rang and cass left her place at the table to answer it .
his hair had one or two white strands , not enough that anyone but ilona had noticed but they were there , still in the same place they d always been .
we went out to the clay courts and took our places on opposite sides of the net .
thankfully , the bell to the front door jingled and jamie stood up , slid his chair back into place , and confidently strode back into the shop .
they took their places upon the earth and arranged drums of various sizes .
it annoyed me that my words were true , but i apparently had a plan in place to make sure things worked out in my favor .
i d managed to get all my gizmos and doodads in place , so i got up as well once i carefully slipped the pocket watch in my pocket .
before anyone can make it up the steep incline , they ll have to go through a little minefield that i believe was just finished being put in place .
he reached out and slid it from its place .
arianna moved one of the two hands aimed at josh and held jess in place .
as if that was some sort of invitation , he left his place by the door and approached her .
as percy stood at his place by the window , the loftons rushed in from the hall .
the room still seemed out of place and just as uninviting in the light of day .
i was there when the heavens were set in place , when the horizon was marked out upon the face of the deep , when were established the clouds above , and fixed securely the fountains of the deep , when he gave the sea its boundary so the waters would not overstep his command , when he marked out the very foundations of the earth .
there were shelves of files , and bold long file numbers allocating every note and scrap of paper to its proper place .
lowering with effortless strength , he settled into place beside his mischievous mate , landing on the bal s of his feet without a sound .
when she attempted to straighten , he kept her in place with a hand at the smal of her back .
` ` we'l hit up the tech team to access the layout of this subdivision and we'l get a plan in place for tomorrow . ''
in fact , he could almost think it was a model home , everything being in its proper place ... including the family photos on the mantel .
at first , he seemed wary , but then the pull between us got the better of him , and he let his arms find their place around my waist .
she probably thought the drain on her power was from holding tobias up ; she had n't yet noticed that he was standing just fine on his own , his head raised as he watched us , holding his place , keeping the connection open .
after rounding the house twice to look for anything out of place and also to blow off some steam , he ventured back into the house to see how things progressed inside .
his long - stable world had canted that morning , and lindsay gibson continued to challenge his balance , causing the objects around him to begin a slow slide away from their predetermined place .
she would never have believed how many aspects of it all there were to put in place before the announcement was made .
they both realised that some great shift had taken place during the long hours waiting for a high atlantic tide to change .
' but darling corry , they would be so out of place .
arrangements were being put in place to get everyone on to the next day 's flight .
they looked quite out of place compared to the more basic bags and knapsacks belonging to chicky starr .
as she was putting the final handfuls in place , jonah did the same thing , and missy laughed .
he drew the piano wire garotte from its place of concealment in his capacious cuff .
he was lying on his side , which gave her room to maneuver , but it was still a chore keeping her skirt down and trying not to bunch up the blanket as she wiggled into place .
_ he had already unfolded the space blankets and had them ready to pull in place .
he put on a condom and slid into place between her thighs .
knowing zane , everything was already in place , he was walking back to the camp when the small twin - engine plane flew over .
there was cover for his men , who would be in place before he and sunny arrived .
the spear found its place in the center of the red mark - the only spear in it .
he said , putting the dressing - table bench neatly back in its place .
he grinned and then went back to pulling out tools from the box on the floor , carefully arranging them in their respective places .
in at least four places on the floor that he could see sat plastic bowls , presumably to catch leaks from the sagging ceiling .
` ` um , guys , there 's something garrett and i want to share with y' all too , '' sarah said quietly from her place at the table .
donovan helped her to her feet and then picked cammie up so eve could take her place on the exam table .
everything was neatly in place .
he locked the door behind him and slid the bolt into place .
for a moment , perhaps no more than a heartbeat , life settled into a comfortable place .
she could n't see mikaela , but she could hear her in the dining room , pushing chairs into their places and stacking ashtrays .
i think- '' his pager went off , bleating from its place on his belt .
liam popped a tape into the player - air supply 's ` ` lost in love '' -then took his usual place on kayla 's other side , standing close to the bed .
` ` apparently lunch is served , '' andrew said , bowing and gallantly gesturing for leah to take her place at the table .
when it was in place in front of the large picture window , they sat back and sipped hot chocolate .
` ` have you ever noticed how neatly everything seems to fall into place for shirley ? ''
catherine checked her compact living room a second time to be sure everything was in its proper place .
after tucking his books back in their proper places , he sat down at his desk .
just as she noticed it was out of place , the salmon sprang straight up in the air and started to spin tail over fins , as if someone had caught it on a line .
` ` my attorney advised me to wait a week until he had everything in place .
he started lifting papers and cushions in his search , but he always kept it in the same place on the coffee table .
no pots or pans were out of place .
jeremy took his place beside her on the couch as she pointed to her stomach .
because the bungalow was small , the new house felt empty , even after the furniture had been put in place .
mr . goodard asked as he stepped toward her , took her hands in his and spun her around while the other dancers waited for them to resume their places .
they returned to their places as the music faded , and mr . goodard bowed , while isabella curtsied .
` ` if you 'll please hand it to me , i 'll make sure to put it back in the right place . ''
not until the door closed behind her and the lock clicked into place did it dawn on her where she was , and by then , she was in full panic .
he crawled out of the chair , and justin immediately slid into his place .
she slipped off the stool , automatically arching her spine , her silky top a river of orange as it flowed into place over her white slacks .
mike nudged past their knees and took his place on the other side of laura .
somehow , he managed to keep his knees in place , firmly planted on either side of dylan 's legs and her ass , and pulled the bottle from the drawer .
carefully , he returned the photo to its place of honor .
he rocked his h*ps into place between her legs , setting a slow , torturous rhythm that ripped a moan from her throat .
now that he stopped to consider the matter , he had to admit that his plan to circumvent cps had fallen into place with impressive ease .
annalise attempted to twitch her skirts into place , skirts that had ridden up high enough to reveal - lord preserve his sanity - a tantalizing glimpse of a sexy lace garter and a hint of creamy thigh .
she set the extra coffee cup down in front of him and then took her place in front of the much smaller pile of personnel folders .
the porsche looked way out of place next to her used mini - van .
she only found a few were out of place .
did you have him place tracking devices on me ? ''
he took his place on the sofa and then patted his thighs .
my t - shirt and jeans immediately found a place on the floor .
i stared at him from my safe place by the window , tying the sash of my robe with a yank .
gideon moved into place between me and the others , vibrating with fury .
the rest of the meal was all talk about work , about getting the new office off the ground and all the pieces that still needed to be put into place before that could happen .
they announced it was time to begin and we got into place .
i take the flogger from its place on the wall and lay it down next to my other things , before i turn back to bella .
a minute later she is done , and after making sure with a few hard tugs that everything is in place , she steps away from me again , leaving my dick and balls aching , and expertly restrained .
soon he steps away from her again , leaving the toy deep inside of her , and he nods his thanks at me as he resumes his previous place at his wife 's side .
i still make an effort to appear more composed as i wait for beth to finish tugging her outfit in place .
i take the stack from her and scoot from my usual place at the bend of the ll - shaped couch to the longer side , spreading the towels on my previously occupied seat .
charlotte meanwhile takes peter 's former place by bella 's side , smiling down at her while she undoes bella 's ponytail and lets her hair cascade down a good distance towards the floor .
i ask curiously as i follow him , dropping the sandbag into place on the ground , starting a line .
i put together the changing table in a logical place in the room , next to the mahogany crib .
i hope it 's not broken because five days without any medical treatment could have the bones setting out of place .
anyway , we need to shoot over to the manor to check everything is in place for tonight . '
her place was beautiful and neat , with not so much as a paper clip out of place .
alison crawled onto her lap , settling comfortably in place .
he felt the condom slide into place in one practiced move .
from her place on the mantel , diana smiled down at him .
he stared at diana , who looked back at him from her place on the mantel .
we shuddered together through the aftershocks , and then jeff rolled in place to set me down and pulled out of me .
` ` you must take this to the pont des arts and place there your lock .
chase chose that moment , the instant of utter satiety and complete bonelessness , to move behind me and spin me in place .
he slid into the room at a dead run , slamming into the doorpost and bouncing off , then taking his place at my side .
she then got up to settle into her place .
jessica felt her heart breaking in half as she watched the shutters quickly close into place on her husband 's face .
no one else seemed to think it was out of place for chad to be sporting a deadly weapon in bree 's tiny living room .
he quickly shielded bree 's body , to give her time to get her gown back in place as the door opened .
they 're running scared , and i think i have the perfect plan in place to give them the shove they both need , '' joseph said with delight .
he looked at the employee parking lot and breathed a sigh of relief when he found her car in its usual place .
closing the door to his study in his children 's faces , he looked down at the framed picture of his parents sitting in its special place on his desk .
the front of my panties were still pushed to the side , wet from his tongue and my cli**x , and the right side of my bra was out of place from when he 'd shoved his hand under it to snatch at my breast .
i shifted around , setting my br**sts into place in the slightly cupped front .
i 'd seen the casing and watched asher push it into place that night after he 'd slipped through .
he just kind of showed up one night , surprised me , pushed the bookshelf back into place , and then ... and then we 'd done some things .
jessika was n't some rule to be understood , a piece of a puzzle that he needed to set into place .
the panel moved out of place at the back of her closet beside a huge rack of shoes and shelves full of folded towels .
` ` we shall have to do something about your hair , '' she announced as her niece 's garment settled into place and helen began to tie her laces .
william began to spin the mug in place again , his gaze turning away from hethe and concentrating on it .
he flipped to the appropriate passage and whispered the incantation necessary to lock all the doors and windows , then he allowed the book to fly back to its place .
the grate came down , pins were swept off with a lot of clattering , and another full triangle thudded into place .
everything , everyone was in its place , so cal could sit with his father at the end of the counter over a cup of coffee before he headed for home , and his dad took over the center for the night .
it 'd taken laurel and alix six months to get into their current place .
actually , everything was in the same place it 'd been during his last visit .
she took her place at the table and brought out her knitting .
because there 'd been so little time , she 'd had to arrange the party quickly , but everything had fallen nicely into place .
i use mondays to clear off my desk , process paperwork , place orders and get caught up on business .
the headstone was in place now , her mother 's name on the marble slab beside his , along with vivian 's date of birth , followed by a blank space to note her mother 's death .
other than the sofa pillows , nothing appeared to be out of place .
she asked , looking expectantly at him as she took her place on the leather sofa .
i noticed that casey had allowed cody to put several pieces in place .
it took another hour before the arm was set and the cast in place .
she stepped over the fence again and reclaimed her place on the lawn next to harvey .
all the players were in place .
a puzzle piece snapped into place in my head with a near audible click .
not a single trap , bell , or marble was out of place .
my mind churned , trying to put all the pieces in place .
the kitchenette was clean , all the dishes neatly put away in their places .
several framed photos held pride of place on the mantel .
according to local history she had been put in place in 1884 .
nell tilted her head and watched as he returned to his place at the table .
ash closed the door , sliding the deadbolt into place , and then he too entered her living room .
margo asked as jenner slipped into place .
after breakfast , he 'd start calling his people , and get a plan put in place .
they had very little time to get a plan in place , so he had to lay as much groundwork right now as he could , which involved waking up some people who 'd be unhappy about the hour .
jenner asked more forcefully , actually taking the phone from her ear to stare at it for a second before putting it in place again .
he checked the read - out on the monitor , held his breath as he made minute adjustments to the camera until he was satisfied with the angle , then heaved an inward sigh of relief when both cables remained in place .
the bombs were in place ; the trigger mechanisms were in good hands .
doable , he decided as he slid into place behind her as though waiting for his turn at the machine .
she was happy with the way everything had fit into place .
` ` you ' ve been hanging around the mystery section of the library too long , '' she whispered as they took their places in front of the floor - to - ceiling mirror .
he nodded absently as he watched the actors take their places on stage .
she was about to mention it when she saw linc place his arm around lori .
olivia wondered what had taken place between david rhodes and his father .
after accepting the respectful greetings he considered his due , he generally ignored them all and retreated to his accustomed place on the back of the sofa .
as well , the house had been thoroughly cleaned from top to bottom , and nothing was back in its proper place .
` ` you 're late , '' rosie said , rushing to place silverware in the center of the table .
slowly , he 'd started moving his personal items into her place .
the table was set , with everything neatly in place .
the dog came through the pet door at five - thirty every day to wait for her ; she 'd been well - trained by her previous owner and did n't budge from her appointed place until grace arrived , even if she was late , as she was today .
the signs had already been set in place not far from the courthouse .
everything in its place and a place for everything . ''
she pressed a kiss to the photo and returned the silver frame to its place on the white crocheted doily decorating the polished mahogany nightstand .
they needed to lay the groundwork for their relationship , set everything in place and work out any disagreements before they said their vows .
he was sitting in an armchair near the fire , as his favorite place on the sofa was taken up by will .
there was barely room for the small chest of drawers she 'd crammed into the room so she 'd have a place for her clothing .
holly colter surged up from her place on the couch between adam and ryan colter , and she rushed over , pulling lauren into a fierce hug that was even bigger than the one ethan had given her .
may not follow our set of rules , so we have to be in place well ahead of him , monitor his arrival and not put lauren in front of him until we ' ve determined it 's safe to do so . ''
ethan and adam scrambled to get into place .
he went back into the kitchen where lily had set two places at the bar .
it occurred to her as she was eating a quick breakfast that while she had a killer plan in place , she had no way to pull it off .
she rushed to get the plates set out and the silverware neatly in place .
` ` bye , you guys , '' i say from my place on the floor .
i slide into place beside him .
i slip into place beside him .
from my place in the doorway , i try to get daniel 's attention and fail .
from my place amid the silvery clouds , i see the comfort fishing lodge , tucked down along the glassy gray lake .
stacey sits down on my bed , and then pats a place beside her .
when the tools had been restored to the box , though probably not in their proper places , gate prompted tucker , ` ` what are you supposed to tell mr .
there was so much to consider , so many pieces that had to fall into place , that he 'd have to be at the top of his game .
then she woke up enough to look at the clock , only to discover no red digital numbers were in their accustomed place .
he fought the even stronger urge to roll her onto her back and make a place for himself between those bare legs .
i probably should have unloaded the weapon - i was n't exactly clear on the transportation - of - firearms rules around here - but the idea of having the bullets in one place , the gun in another , a rabid wolf or even a serial killer chasing me around and around and around ...
matt saw his bodyguards taking up their usual places and he sighed inwardly .
well , there 's the television , she thought as she took her place behind the bar .
returning to her bedroom , she sprayed the bed linens before tucking everything in tight and drawing the silk duvet in place .
his meeting with salinas had taken less than a minute , not enough time for a tail to get in place and snap some photos .
finally , with everything in place , she called mrs . pearson .
with his parameters in place , he waited , and he watched .
today was their turn at the gates , to guide people to their correct places .
i slipped the skirt over my hips , wiggled my backside and let my skirt pool on the floor , and then i was in only my bra and panties , and luca clutched the bedspread in his fists , as if forcing himself to remain in place .
even with the new fuse in place , the lights did n't come on .
david was too distracted by noelle and his obvious lust for her to notice owen in his hiding place not two hundred feet from the cabin .
he was sure he had n't missed anything , but it would n't take too much skill to circumvent the primitive security measures he 'd put in place .
trina grabbed the lid and set it in place .
as spotless as the accountant 's home was , mathews did n't think they 'd have any trouble finding something out of place .
his hand found a comfortable resting place on the curve of her hip , and he buried his nose in her hair , breathing in the floral scent of her shampoo .
rachel tugged it into place , much as a mother would dress a toddler , but the man sitting motionless under her ministrations was no child in any sense she could imagine .
his hand dropped to his side , and rachel retrieved her pillow , tossing it into place on the bed .
in equal silence he positioned himself against her like a spoon , his thighs against the backs of hers , her bottom snuggling his loins , her back against his hard , broad chest his right arm went under her head , and his left one curved around her waist , anchoring her in place .
then he put his clothes back on and returned the heavy pistol to its accustomed place at the small of his back .
each year , she 'd wrapped and unwrapped it with special care , and taken great pains to choose the perfect place for it on the tree .
in the corner by the window , a big black velour barcalounger looked incredibly out of place .
she tilted the paintbrush in her hand , let it settle into its place .
the roads were closed off in a lot of places , but she found a parking place in front of the hair we are beauty salon .
jamie stepped into place , stretched , then bent into position .
whether she was wanted to be here or not , she had a place at the ridge .
with a nod , he moved around her and took his rightful place behind his desk .
he was obviously a bit prideful because there was n't a hair on his head that was out of place , thanks largely to the amount of styling products evident .
she got up to let him have his place by the window , and then she surprised him by talking .
but there was no safe place on eleanor 's torso .
' get us a place in line .
his arms were around her , and his face was in her hair , and there was no place for the rest of her to go but against him .
when i got home that night , i dropped my purse and bag off in their usual place , kicked off my shoes , and went straight to the couch .
i turned around , looking for anything that might be out of place , anything i should hide .
nick was still lying in the same place when she crawled back into bed .
suddenly there was no place to put her own hands but around his neck .
penn gripped luce 's hand as they watched miss sophia place the file boxes on an empty shelf .
the skylight 's glass had sliced through her jeans in a few places , but none of the wounds looked fatal .
not until all of the pieces are in place . ''
dee walked over to the fireplace and used a poker to return the fallen log to its place inside .
giant bricks formed large arches along the facade , marking places for massive wooden doors on the first story and arched stained - glass windows higher up .
its light touched the edges of the heavy cracked glass halo , which dee had returned to its rightful place , cradled by the angels ' wings .
she caught flashes of molly 's place before the throne , and steven 's , too - though they were not archangels , but angels who adored happily from the meadow .
at last , she saw lucifer 's and her places , their matching silver ledges on the throne 's left side .
the big things were all in place .
there were a few more things left in the box - a dried corsage , a ribbon wren had given her that said clean plate club , commemorative busts of simon and baz that she 'd ordered from the noble collection ... . cath found a place for everything , then sat in the beat - up wooden desk chair .
the boy ignored them , tugging his school jacket neatly into place and smiling with the left side of his mouth .
while she looked for their place , levi gently put his hands on her waist and pulled her back against him .
with officers in place on the roof , in the street and on the ground they stormed the front door .
she levered up on her elbow , her head leaving its place on his shoulder .
after blinking a few times , the figures of her mother , her father , and her sister remained firmly in place in front of her .
kate was just about to sit down at her regular place when she happened to glance across the kitchen and into the living room .
from her place in the middle of the floor , surrounded by piles of white sticks and boards and groupings of screws and washers , tully held up the long , wrinkled piece of paper .
when it was done , and tucked in place against the sunshine - yellow wall with the winnie - the - pooh border , they stood back and admired it .
from her place at the news desk , tully finished her on - air banter with the show 's cohosts , then turned her attention to the teleprompter , reading the news seamlessly .
behind her , dr . tillman moved from his place in the shadows to a chair onstage .
she moved to the middle of her bed and patted the empty place beside her .
i set up easels throughout the house and place photographs on them , the pictures kate had chosen to reflect her life .
buildings sketch themselves into place , pink gothic structures with elegant wings and towers , and finally the green , green grass , inlaid with concrete walkways going this way and that .
i feel my old nemesis - longing - uncoil from its place deep , deep inside me and spread out .
from her place in bed , tully would be able to look through the open sash window , across the vegetable field , to her once - best - friend 's old house .
once the strands of copper you brought me are in place , the construction will be done .
she takes her place behind the counter and logs into the register .
nat walks into the studio holding two caramel lattes and places one on the counter for me then goes about re - folding yesterdays messed up clothes .
everything is in its place and there is decent soap and shampoo in the shower .
then he takes his place behind his desk .
a wide bookshelf full to the brim of books sits in the place where the sofa should be and the wall closest to the patio has a long table with , i mentally count , one , two , three , four computers and one laptop .
ash dips his chin and places both hands on his hips .
with a sigh of regret , he lifted serena 's dress back into place before settling her on the ground .
she could n't wait to see the finished product , with all the pieces assembled in their proper places .
after much flattery and applause , he took his place behind the podium and addressed the crowd in fluid italian .
on the wall opposite gabriel 's large and medieval bed , and strangely out of place amongst the black - and - white erotica , was a pre - raphaelite oil painting in brilliant and glorious color .
then he was pressing up against her , returning soft , delicate curves with sinew and steel , subtly switching places so it was his back that flattened against the wall , for he was unwilling to trap her , to make her feel like she 'd been cornered .
she sat in grace 's place at the foot of the table , so she could be near the kitchen , while richard sat at the head .
bridget dropped the napkin in her lap and tugged it into place with quick movements .
simon rounded the bed and crawled into place beside her , careful y tucking her against his warm body .
` ` hold stil , '' christopher admonished , studying the gown and her figure in it as the hem and panniers settled into their proper places .
the lander moved into place to begin the well -organized task of hauling cargo from the ship to the shore .
lifting her thigh , he moved into place , the wide , smooth head of his c*ck slipping through the folds of her sex .
` ` philip and my solicitor are aware of the steps i have set in place to see to the welfare of all of you , should something untoward happen to me . ''
she collected his hat and tossed it agilely to the rack , where it caught and swayed into place .
emma 's headphones were in place , with the small microphone positioned by her mouth , before he 'd finished his preflight check .
place into large bowl : 2 cups maraschino cherries , sliced in half 2 cups chopped dates 2 cups pineapple tidbits , well drained 1 cup coconut 2 cups walnuts 2 cups pecan halves 2 12 oz .
he shifted , rolling on his back , pulling me to him , my head finding that same safe comfortable place on his chest .
there was no answer at the door when he got to the ranch house , and the old truck was missing from its customary parking place in the barn .
startled , michelle grabbed his neck with both arms as he lifted her , then took her place in the chair and settled her on his lap .
he looked rather stiff and awkward as he tried to find a place for his hands .
in fact , nothing was in place .
finally he gave up on trying to keep her in one place and hauled her into his lap .
when he smelled a rat , he put rio and steele in place but it was too little , too late .
garrett followed her and when she went to sit down , he put his hand over her wrist , holding her in place .
deaglan and geoffrey rose from their places by the fire .
parting her thighs , he positioned himself between them and maneuvered himself in place atop her .
he lifted her high , and she slid into place on the saddle , excitement and nervousness assailing her .
i moved my clothes to the floor , then took their place .
` ` apologize to your sister , '' michael said from his place at the counter .
lulu jumped up from her place on the cream - colored shag rug .
she hustled to her place on the gun range and lifted her rifle .
she was the first one inside , but within seconds , the crew was all in place .
conny smiled at her , then took his place behind the chair .
he had by then , of course , removed his hands from her bodice and returned it to its rightful place covering her body .
chapter twenty - two sara did n't care if people stared , nor did she care that her hair had fallen out of place .
sebastian made a lunge at rawlings ' throat , but nicholas 's hands were already in place , pulling him toward the door .
she walked in and stood next to him , taking her place on his arm .
she stopped , just enough to gain his attention , for he was fixated on the piece of hair that continued to fall out of place .
she tugged her gloves into place and glanced in the mirror .
she felt heat rise to her cheeks as she pushed the book into its rightful place and shuffled back to the sofa where the woman was laying out the biscuits and tea .
but everything seemed to be in place .
artemisia lifted her corset into place and invited him to assist her .
since he held my right hand in a tight grip , my left crept for the gun at the small of my back , not the most comfortable place to carry one but definitely the most secret .
i spent the next half hour nudging the same block of text back and forth , and when i finally looked up , everyone had returned to their rightful places .
i 'd expected my stuff to look dowdy and out of place , but now that i was actually faced with the prospect of unpacking it , i had a crazy urge to throw it all in the garbage and start over .
it looked absurdly out of place on his open , honest features .
i wish that i would have worn my boots , but they would have looked out of place with slacks .
it strips away the barriers that your mind has put in place , allowing you to see what you are trying to hide from yourself . ''
i listened as the apartment door closed and the locks slid into place .
she peered into the gloom , looking for the desk , which seemed to have been moved from the place it had occupied before .
` ` let meget this straight , ` ` meginterrupted quietly from her place at the table .
daniel glanced toward her to see that while her hair was a touch disheveled , her dress was back in place .
danielgrabbed herankle after only a shortchaseand dragged her back into place tosecure her tothe post.shecursedherself for having left the ropes in place .
` ` hey , ray , '' dash called from his place by the bar .
right now , the sunday school teacher , miz bray , was giving him dirty looks from her place by the coffee station .
the image of tulane with a child had seemed out of place this morning , but now it did n't seem out of place at all .
tulane chuckled from his place to her left .
` ` oh , aunt rocky , that 's miss sarah , '' haley said from her place on miriam 's lap .
haley watched the sorrowful angel , who was sitting in her place by the broom closet .
` ` cheer up , rocky , it 's not so bad , '' jane said from her place at the manicure station .
then he tossed the bottle up and behind him before he pirouetted and caught the bottle in its flight and returned it to its place .
the angel drifted in and took her usual place by the broom closet .
` ` no , it 's not , '' dash said from his place behind her .
` ` caroline , '' cissy said from her place on the sofa , ` ` whatever are you doing here ? ''
the angel was in her usual place tonight , hovering in the corner of daddy 's room watching him sleep and making so much noise it was a wonder , really , that daddy could sleep through it .
he tossed his wet hat on the backseat , then took his place behind the wheel .
her heart dropped back into its proper place , and a deep sense of rightness settled over her .
miriam said from her place in the living room where she had been watching her soap operas .
dash had resumed his place , leaning against the archway .
laughing out loud , she untied the sticks and set them in a place shielded from the rain .
fortunately , my mother and mikhail moved quickly into place to block our attackers and deter any gunshots .
when the signing was done , lissa took her place on the throne , and seeing her ascend those stairs was breathtaking , an image that would stay with me for the rest of my life .
from the conservative pants suits she wore everyday to the way she could n't concentrate unless her stapler was in its proper place on her desk , she was a creature of habit .
dominic returned to his place at the head of the table and said unhappily , ` ` our plan to get the two of them together worked a bit too well . ''
jake returned to his own place at the table and said , ` ` i never said i did n't want to marry her . ''
the two women nodded and moved into their places behind abby .
` ` everything is in place upstairs .
everything was set in place .
i walked around the couch and took my place on the middle cushion .
or plants jack had put in place to further his agenda of a big reveal .
do you know he had plans in place to put up barriers vampires could n't cross without permission ?
as we walked down single file , alaska , the colonel , and takumi each held back a thick maple branch for one another , passing it along until i , last in line , let it snap back into place behind me .
rising from his hiding place , he nearly collided with diderot , heading purposefully for the pissoirs behind the screen at the end of the room .
he was barely in time to keep the child 's accomplice from making away with his dagger while he was thus distracted , and by the time he was able to place his attention on the gallows once again , the executioner was moving the men into place beneath the dangling nooses .
interrupted , but not offended , tom shut the book with his finger in it to hold his place and leaned forward , face wary .
there was a lantern and a tinderbox standing on the top step ; jamie lighted the lantern for the abbot , then followed him down , privately amused at the abbot 's practicality in finding a hiding place for a valuable thing , shoved casually behind a row of last winter 's apples wizened by now into wrinkled things the size of a cow 's eyeball .
he knew better than to refuse hospitality , particularly under such circumstances , and they sat down at the table - there was no place else to sit - pushing aside the dirty dishes , green cheese rinds , and a dead cockroach .
you 'll put some safety measures in place , right ?
i pulled my dress into place and tucked my hair behind my ears .
the smooth silk glided over my h*ps and fell into place , brushing the tops of my ankles .
as i sat on the edge of my bed , my knee bouncing wildly , several things clicked into place at once .
i do n't want her to notice anything out of place . ''
but when she had showered and dressed , she went into the kitchen to find that he had his own ideas about what she was having for breakfast a bowl of cereal , as well as a glass of orange juice and the requested coffee , was sitting at her customary place at the table .
` ` just a few bites , '' he cajoled , taking his own place beside her .
immediately the agent clambered back into the boat , and evie relinquished her place behind the wheel .
she pulled the lever and the pictures began whirring , then one by one clicked into place .
he maneuvered us into place .
a large fountain gurgled in the corner , accented by over fifty pavers i carried by hand and set in place .
i watched how in no time flat , a crew of men delivered and maneuvered all the furniture into place .
she preferred boiled eggs , but merely took the plate and turned to take her place at the table .
dicky - richard , she reminded herself - would berate her if every hair was not in place and that was not a good way to start .
he left it a crack open , probably for a swift escape , richard supposed , watching from his hiding place behind a suit of armor in the office corner furthest from the doors .
richard had chosen the suit of armor , daniel had ducked behind a settee in another corner and robert had taken the only place left - the knee cubby under the desk .
chapter eight sawyer did a quick survey of the rooms to make sure everything was in place .
why could n't the cleaning person put them back in their proper place when she was done ?
not that his smooth looks betrayed a hair out of place or a wrinkle in his pressed iron - gray suit .
` ` i cleared a place for it in the corner . ''
when she finished , nothing was out of place except for the two letters , which she had n't moved at all .
the boat was locked down , the sail covered , and nothing seemed out of place .
this was about fitting the last piece of the puzzle in place .
at her confused frown he explained , ` ` the car behind jay 's bumped him out of place .
gripping the carriage rail , he worked his way along the bouncing rig to the right side door , finding what toeholds he might , swinging by his arms alone when he could n't locate a resting place for his feet .
the last time i had a comma out of place , and you would have thought the free world was in jeopardy . ''
the last of the furniture was in place and riley was unloading what remained of the boxes when don approached him , looking apologetic .
she lost her place on the keyboard and anda % $ # ( and # popped up on the screen .
lainie took the toy and set it carefully beside her place .
everything was in place for lainie and dexter to start a whole new life , a life where harry would have no role .
but she 'd already lost interest in the discussion the minute she heard the dead bolt slip into place .
on her way back to her bedroom she heard the rapid whirr of the drill spinning those screws into place .
eve was n't sure she had all the particulars , but she needed to have a strategy in place before the police and the fire trucks arrived .
neil did n't have a plan in place , so acting on impulse might be a huge mistake .
we noticed some other things- makeup moved , shoes out of place in the closet , clothes on hangers shoved to one side .
with the mattress in place , and especially if i ' m sleeping on it ... or , better yet , we 're hav**g s*x on it , no one will be able to get in the door . ''
he could accept that more easily if he knew she had some protective measures already in place .
walking to her door , she threw the dead bolt into place .
he closed the door and twisted the dead bolt into place .
then with a sigh , she rose gracefully from her place by the fire and walked toward him , her hair shimmering down her back like a lighted torch .
then she pulled back the furs on the bed and crawled beneath them , taking her place on the far side , her head resting on her pillow .
he pulled her upward to stand beside him and he took her place , sitting on the edge of the bed with her standing before him .
he rose and teague pushed the chair back into its place near the window .
now get to your places .
zach said from his place at the table .
lexi moved awkwardly into place beside zach .
` ` we all know how special pine island is , '' said police officer roy avery from his place at the head table .
moving with an uncustomary stiffness , jude went back into the great room and returned to her place at the end of the table .
holding hands , they left the car and walked out to their place among the driftwood and sat down together .
whole , healthy lexi , with just a white arm cast to mark her place in the car that night .
she returned to her place at the defendant 's table and sat down .
from her place by the tree , she saw jude get out of the suv and go to the back passenger door , opening it wide .
it looked absurdly small and out of place against the expensive fabric .
he did n't see the living room curtain fall back into place inside the house .
for the next hour or so , paul moved from one window to the next , slipping the guards into place as adrienne kept him company .
on sunday , paul took down the hurricane guards and stored them , then put the rockers back in place on the porch .
the front desk looked orderly , with every key back in its place .
ellie shot justin a fuming glance , especially as she saw that he looked just as fashionably elegant as he always did , with not a hair showing out of place beneath the tall hat he took off and handed to stanhope once they had entered the grand entrance hall .
as he lifted her gown , she put the towel in its place .
suzy was glued in place when the opening strains of bon - jovi 's born to be my baby suddenly filled the room .
the final tooth in the final gear wheel clicked into place .
his key slid in the lock and he turned and found that he had to jiggle the doorknob , pulling the door slightly toward him to get the bolt to turn out of place so that he could enter .
mike felt the most bizarre sense of pride that he could , somehow , maintain an erection even through the horror of his realization that lydia had driven him to a place in his soul and body so wild and free and hot and bacchanalian that he had lost part of his mind and forgotten that hidden cameras dotted his office .
and now , a text to human resources to start a process rolling that would need the next seven hours to put in place , if luck were on mike 's side .
the mandible moved out of place in slow motion before jeremy 's eyes , like some sort of mythbusters show combined with world 's dumbest criminals .
flipping places , she straddled him , her hands balanced on his chest , her own body curvy and juicy where his was taut and lean .
chuck lurched from his place at the corner , stumbling into the bed .
then , with a slow nod , she turned and headed back to her place at the bar .
he slammed the door in her face and locked it , sliding the deadbolt in place .
valerie had no idea what was taking place between the two men but she was n't going to stand idly by and let them insult her .
the well lid was ajar ; he bent to draw it into place and found the boards had warped .
duncan struggled to rise , handicapped by whisky and his single arm , but ulysses , jocasta 's butler , had materialized silently out of the twilight behind his mistress in time to move her wicker chair into place .
one side of his mouth turned up a little , but his attention was distracted by the two men who had lunged forward to take the keg as marsali rolled it out of its hiding place .
indian ... some connection clicked into place , deep in the tangled synapses .
he took up his place at jamie 's right without conscious thought , his attention similarly fixed on the man on the ground .
i kicked clarence in the ribs and wheeled into place behind bird , keeping my eyes firmly fixed on the chinese yen that glinted in the middle of his back , dangling from his hair on a scarlet thread .
ian looked from one to the other , then he put the portrait of claire gently back into its place .
very gently , he reached out and took the broom from her , standing it neatly back in its place .
i was n't sure what to do , and after a moment 's awkward standing about , sat down at my accustomed place .
adso , tail still twitching with indignation , had taken up a place on a high shelf , from whence he glared at rollo , who had taken over the trundle bed when the boys got out of it .
after a triumphal tour of the table to show it off - to the accompaniment of murmurs of admiration all round - the dainty dish was set before the king , who turned from his conversation with madame de la tourelle long enough to pluck one of the nestlings from its place and pop it into his mouth .
digging a sharp forefinger into the skin as though to mark his place , monsieur forez brought the point of the brass pin to bear in the same place .
digging a sharp forefinger into the skin as though to mark his place , monsieur forez brought the point of the brass pin to bear in the same place .
as i came down from the crest of the hill , i saw him below , heaving boulders into place as he repaired a rift in a drystone dike that bordered one of the smaller fields .
he heaved one last stone to the top of the wall and settled it into place .
he shut it , patted fergus gently on the head , and went to fetch a pitchfork from its place against the fence .
mrs . mcmurdo returned with yet another full bottle , which she hung in the assigned place on the cottage wall , before stooping to rummage in the tub that held the bottles of honey water .
he held a book in his hand , thumb between the pages to hold his place , and now bent his head to consult the volume .
two sturdy carriage drivers were summoned from the kitchen to hold the patient 's legs , andrew macneill and farquard campbell volunteering to hold the arms , and young ian was set in place by my side , holding a large candlestick to cast additional light .
then he and i took the ends of the big hearthstone , and laid it carefully into place .
` ` i believe that would be an acceptable bodily sensation at this time o ' day , '' jamie allowed , grunting slightly as they maneuvered the log the last inch into place .
slightly chastened by these misadventures , the earl allowed jamie to fasten a fresh fly in place , and then to take him by the wrist to demonstrate the proper way of casting .
the second portrait hung on the landing of the stairs , looking thoroughly out of place .
at the end of a rope belayed round the capstan , he leaned back against the weight of a crate suspended at the other end and , muscles popping with the strain , lowered it slowly enough that the two men below could catch and guide it into place in the increasingly crowded hold .
we had been walking in the gardens one day , and turned a corner to find the bactrian camel advancing toward us down the path , splendid and stately in its gold and silver harness , towering in calm disdain above a crowd of gawking spectators - strikingly exotic , and utterly out of place among the formalized white statues .
he stacked them neatly on the growing woodpile next to the pantry , and rolled another half log into place beneath his foot .
numbly , she stepped forward , and he took his place beside her , arm in arm , nonchalantly exposing the white cheeks of his buttocks to the stares of his gaping crew .
the stones were evenly spaced around the ring , a few of them fallen , a couple more dislodged from their places by the press of roots and stems behind them .
put back each piece of furniture , each tiny ornament precisely in its place , so that its mistress 's hand would fall upon it without groping ?
to my surprise , the girl also came into the circle , and took a place beside the keg , a dipping gourd in her hand .
i picked up the small saucer from its place near the door and carried it back to the house .
having restored it to its place in her thick , glossy locks , she seemed in no hurry to return to business .
` ` looking for that plant , '' i answered , sticking a finger between the pages to mind my place .
as the leaves whipped back into place in the path of our passage , though , i noticed something familiar about the hand and forearm clasped about my waist .
the two guards released the girl , who ran back into the crowd , and jamie stepped forward to take her place between them .
the confusion in the hall was gradually becoming organized , as the castle residents pushed and led the newcomers into place at the lower end .
turning , colum picked up a silver quaich from its place on the tartancovered table behind him .
ignoring me as usual , dougal removed a chamber pot from its resting place on the table and fanned the sheets of paper out ceremoniously on the rough oak surface .
sitting down next to me , satisfied that all was secure , he slid the knife or whatever it was back into its hiding place above the headboard .
jamie took my place on the log , and patted his knee invitingly .
picking up a stick , jamie gently poked the nest , pushing one egg out of place .
i practiced drawing it from its place of concealment over and over while the men watched critically , until i could sweep up my skirt , grab the knife from its place and come up in the proper crouch all in one smooth move , ending up with the knife held underhand , ready to slash across an adversary 's throat .
i practiced drawing it from its place of concealment over and over while the men watched critically , until i could sweep up my skirt , grab the knife from its place and come up in the proper crouch all in one smooth move , ending up with the knife held underhand , ready to slash across an adversary 's throat .
he took it from me in a marked manner and restored it to its place , shutting the cupboard door with what was almost a slam .
the banquet was just beginning as we arrived , and the fiscal and his wife were shown to their places of honor at the head table .
ian had jenny likewise installed on the loveseat , a firm arm across her shoulders to keep her in place .
everyone in it seemed to stir into immediate life at cockcrow , and the farm then spun and whirred like a complicated bit of clockwork until after sunset , when one by one the cogs and wheels that made it run began to fall away , rolling off into the dark to seek supper and bed , only to reappear like magic in their proper places in the morning .
a faint skitter of some small creature , wandered from its place into the home of majesty .
i set the candlestick behind my reflecting pool , took my place before it , and sat down to summon a ghost .
there was a rather long pause , during which jamie considerately remained in place , blanketing most of me from view .
i hunted about , but there was no sign of the small whisky keg either in its usual place behind the bags of barley or inside the pile of firewood .
by the time bree reappeared with a drink and a pewter plate heaped with sliced pork , apple fritters , and roast potatoes , jamie had come into the circle of firelight , taking roger 's place before the standing cross .
sentry in place and horses bedded down , we retired to our own resting place , a discreet distance from the circle by the fire .
i patted a thick flannel into place on his chest , pulled down his shirt , drew the folds of his cloak around him , and tucked a blanket up snugly under his chin .
i moved to the sherstons ' large house in hillsborough with brianna , jemmy , and my two patients ; jamie divided his time between hillsborough and the militia camp , which remained in place at alamance creek while tryon satisfied himself that the regulation had indeed been decisively crushed .
as he started to get up , though , mrs . bug popped up from her place , wagging an admonitory finger at him .
the bodhran still hung in its place on the wall , seeming to float suspended in the unearthly light .
only rocks , hundreds of rocks , to be hoisted from the loamy soil and carried , dragged , wrestled to the field , to be piled and fitted into place .
jamie heaved a big stone into place , then straightened up , gasping for breath .
he asked , eyes on the huge stone he was slowly heaving into place .
roger bent his knees , lowering the stone carefully into place .
` ` if i 'd known i should meet a damn bear , '' jamie said , grunting as he lifted another stone into place , ` ` i would have taken another path . ''
the last large rock fell into place , and jamie straightened up , gasping for breath .
the first blow knocked two of the blocks a few inches out of place .
he withdrew the slender tools , stored them in their proper places in the case and replaced the case in the bag .
she reached between his legs , and he sucked in his breath , his back arching as she guided him into place .
aundy quickly slid the first trunk into place , followed by the second .
once the cast was in place , aundy sat with it resting on the table , waiting for the plaster to harden .
` ` i ' m sure garrett has much more pressing matters this afternoon , '' aundy protested , getting to her feet from her place at the table .
after finding places for the pieces in the china cupboard , she finished digging in the trunk and discovered a few more books printed in norwegian .
` ` so i ' ve been told , '' garrett said , making no effort to move his hands from her waist or his lips from their place so close to her cheek .
studying the bookshelf , aundy pulled several titles from their places and set them on table in front of the sofa .
knocking again , hank cast a glance over his shoulder , pretending to be studying the expansive yard instead of scouting to see if the men were in place .
his fingers ceased all movement on my back , but remained in place .
the flying pink pigs on her flannel bottoms were so happy and carefree and so incredibly out of place on the woman wearing them .
miranda frowned and walked over to the mirror and began fixing a few of her curls that she thought were out of place .
i rubbed the pad of my thumb over her sweet smile then put the picture back in its place .
he loosened the ribbon securing her hair , returned the errant lock to its former place , and retied the whole more securely .
he stood up and returned the chair to its proper place .
he did n't have enough furniture to fil the space - or maybe it was simply clutter free - everything was in its place .
we tracked the gps in your car of course , but that had been in place the day jack bought it .
i decided to take my suitcase upstairs to organize my things as best i could , hanging my clothes in jared 's closet and finding a place for my shampoo and toothbrush .
in one smooth movement , he moved me to my proper place in the bed .
i sighed as i slid it back to its rightful place on my finger , looking exactly the same as it did before .
jared lifted the plant as if it were an empty cardboard box and returned it to its proper place .
but you need to , '' he said , flattening the parts of my hair that were out of place .
the loft was as before , the furniture in place , the broken glass hidden in the trash , the blood mopped up and the red stained rags thrown away .
the stewardess went through her routine , and then the pilot came over the speaker , informing us of our place in line for takeoff and the current weather in nicaragua .
my fist caught him in the gut , and he landed nearly in the same place as before .
he presses his forehead to mine as he watches me listen , and i ' m so moved by this song , my hands tremble as i exchange his headphones for my earbuds and place one in my ear , and one in his , so that we both listen together .
first , i watch in anticipation , then in dread , then in disbelief , as he makes his turn , unsmiling , then drops his arms at his sides and gets into place .
suddenly the ring is vacated and i think i see riley starting to walk over to take his place near the corner of the ring , and my pulse skyrockets .
` ` when i went up to his office to ask him what the hell was going on , i discovered him half dressed and freshly showered , with one of his sofas bumped out of place , pillows strewn all over the floor - ` ` ` ` one goddamned pillow ! ''
the women in the audience screamed , including shawna , who jumped in place and gave an earsplitting whistle .
he did n't know what he was doing , did n't know what it was he intended as she finished tucking the towel into place .
the glasses , thankfully , were not in place .
ashby looked up from his place by the window where he had been staring outside , a drink in his hand as he spoke quietly with gideon .
the hidden nooks and security systems they had set into place down here were amazing .
aria knew it weighed a good five hundred pounds and it had taken seven men to get it in place .
braith slid the buttons into place ; his hands hesitated upon the last one as he lifted his head to hers .
kylie turned in place so her lips brushed his .
jamie glanced around the store one last time , making sure everything was in place for the opener tomorrow morning .
he stopped , pants unzipped and unbuttoned , his c*ck thickening in anticipation as he watched jamie turn in place to face him , a hungry look in her eyes .
jamie watched him , then snapped her attention back to the wall when he returned to his place behind her .
jamie found her place just off stage , where she could see everything but remain invisible .
ryan took his accustomed place at the head of the table , the case file open in front of him .
lori was frozen in place , the doorknob slipping from her grasp , the door banging against the wall .
the robe slipped from her shoulders , and her arms found their place around logan 's neck .
he stopped what he was doing only long enough to wrench her legs apart again , his mouth finding hers as his fingers dove back down to take their place between her labia .
his gaze bore into hers a few seconds longer before he cursed and snatched his wallet from his back pocket , slinging a few bills on the table before standing and shoving it back in its place .
his other hand abandoned its place on her breast and slid down her stomach into her damp panties .
he sighed and took his former place near her at the counter .
he took his place beside her .
but he could n't give her a decent place on what he earned .
the unadorned christmas tree took pride of place in a corner of the large room while christmas carols played softly in the background .
he pulled the chair out and put his hand to her back as he guided her into place .
chapter seven saturday night , february 8 , 2003 with a grunt carter returned the last of the metal shelves to its place .
he snapped , his heavy dark brows drawing down , and sarah automatically withdrew from him again , the barrier springing into place to protect her .
she spent christmas eve moving restlessly around the apartment , adjusting ornaments on the small fragrant ever - green she 'd put up for a christmas tree , fluffing pillows and moving articles of furniture that seemed a fraction of an inch out of place .
lazily he kissed her nipples and the sensitive undersides of her breasts before finding a comfortable place for his head .
she found a comfortable place on his shoulder for her head and went to sleep .
soon after that , rome settled her into place one night to sleep , with her head on his shoulder and her body curved against him .
when it fell right back into its previous annoying place , she reached up and freed the entire glorious mass .
to help pass the time until royce was to arrive , billie was keeping busy by making sure all the free weights were put back in their proper places .
keeley slumped down on the bed and rionna took the place next to her , though she kept a distance between them .
drake pulled her face shield into place and handed her a small flashlight .
in front of both of them was a dainty china teacup and saucer set on a lace place mat .
nothing had been moved since they 'd discovered sibyl gone , and the room was perfectly neat , with everything in its place .
zach set the book down on the kitchen counter , marking her place by setting the napkin holder on the open pages .
he took the sword from her hands and hung it back in its rightful place of honor .
all the rocks were piled up , ready to be used , but they could only be put in place after one of the women had woven defensive magic through the molecules of the stone .
apparently , each stone could only be put in place after the women had done their magic .
that single word froze madoc in place .
and there were other , more important barricades he had to put in place now that she was inside his mind - things he did n't want her to know .
the nail screamed as it was wrenched out of place , but she was able to get it free .
once the information was in place , krag dismissed him and turned away .
his blow missed and the handler 's whip wrapped around the branch , slicing through it in three places .
those vines had been worn from use , nearly gone in the places where his hands gripped the weapon .
it had taken a flatbed truck and the magic of several powerful women to get it into place here , but it had been worth the effort .
tynan 's mind spun as he put this new information into place , forcing other pieces to shift and spin to make room .
we have to put it back into its proper place . ''
roanna slipped from her place of concealment behind the rock and quickly made her way back over the hill and through the stand of pine trees to where she had tethered buckley .
the rental car sat forlornly in the parking lot , looking abandoned and out of place .
roanna filled plates for lucinda and herself and took her place at the table .
but she had made all the proper noises , looked properly sad , and when webb had left , pretty soon things had fallen into place and her family had moved into davencourt , where they should have been all those years anyway .
she smiled and returned her head to its resting place on his chest .
brock positioned lucinda 's wheelchair so that she was in the traditional place as matron of honor , then took up his own position as best man .
she 'd given him a multicolored blown glass vase for a splash of color and he had placed it in a place of prominence , even installing track lighting to spotlight it .
which was n't all that far from his place in seattle .
both were out of place against dated wallpapered walls .
` ` fuck , '' miller muttered from his place beside jared in the observation room .
and if there 's something wrong - something you 're afraid to tell the others - ` ` i spun around rapidly , somehow managing to pivot in place in such a way that his hand never moved yet ended up on my other shoulder .
the seeds are already in place , though there 's an edge of uncertainty - an enigmatic set of influences that hang around you like mist . ''
new ones are put in place here every two weeks . ''
the intruder glanced at his watch and left the room , looking back once to make certain everything was in place .
they are blind , with a line of teeth where their eyes should be , and a regular mouth , this one fanged and tusked , in a more usual place on their faces .
we can not know whether the events that led to the creation of the nephilim were destined , or were manipulated into place by heaven , or just arose by chance .
you have taken everything he set into place and thrown it away .
the framed pictures - of their wedding and of other family times together - were still neatly in their places .
a pair of oversized tinfoil wreathes adorn the entry and manage to look slightly out of place among all the grandeur .
she took his place in front of the computer , and he switched on a lamp on the desk , automatically pushing his glasses up on his nose before he began dismantling the modem .
at least it had a shelf for her to rest the bag on , propping it in place with her body while she held the receiver between her head and shoulder and fumbled a quarter into the slot .
she jumped up and began pacing the confines of her small room as detail after detail fell into place to complete the puzzle .
her old truck would be out of place , and very noticeable , in any case .
it had taken them an hour to work their way into place .
everything looked normal , except for a chair that was out of place .
directly over the chair , a panel was slightly out of place .
as soon as he spotted her , the fool had run up to the truck without waiting for the others to get in place .
there was nothing about her appearance , she hoped , that would be glaringly out of place .
if she could get the bar in place , she would make it .
a roof was caved in at one place , part of the longhouse open to the sky , with nothing being done to right the situation .
he secured the bait - the sardine was nothing he 'd seriously consider eating himself - and locked the rod into place .
the rope tightened and then slackened as the boat was maneuvered into place .
travis put the cooler in place .
matt took off his shirt and jumped in ; joe handed him a cooler , then followed him into the water while travis took his place .
a pop - up tent was set in place , blankets spread , and the charcoal lit .
but he wrestled with it alone , and more often than not , he 'd wake in the morning with a tear - drenched pillow in the place gabby should have been .
a moment later , as she was about to leave the room , he felt her place a hand on his shoulder .
henry knew from experience that mike was still standing outside the door , frozen in place , long after he 'd taken his seat at the desk .
on stage , the band had started up again and people were trading places on the floor , some heading in , others taking a break .
holding the glass of water , she stood in place , thinking , oh , this is just great .
mike feigned a look of offense before putting the ball in place .
she put her ball in place and stood over it , her eyes flickering from the ball to the hole and back again .
the furniture was plain , and nothing was out of place .
a mattress shop , a place that did auto body repairs , a nursery , a quick'n - go that sold gas and stale food in plastic wrappers , and two ramshackle farmhouses that seemed out of place , as if the modern world had sprouted up around them .
he grabbed a quilt for her in case she got cold , and soon they had taken their places again , the quilt over her legs , rockers moving .
it was like a monument because it seemed so out of place .
i let the dog get used to my voice , and when i slowly inched forward , the dog remained in place .
there was an orchestrated randomness to the blooms , one that suggested a stalemate between man and nature that seemed almost out of place amid the wild beauty of the landscape .
little was adamant that few blooms be lost , necessitating quite a bit of twine as stems were pulled and tied , bent and rotated , into their proper place .
this was our signal to calm down , and we 'd quickly take our places at his feet .
the few patches of dormant grass seemed out of place .
i slipped the menu back into its place against the napkin holder .
i did n't need to believe that savannah thought of me every time she pounded a nail or was helping to slide a window into place , or think that in the midst of a conversation with tim , she would always wish it were me she was talking to .
a tap and tug later , the hoof was in place between her legs .
kristen and joshwere in the same places , though kristen had bent over to examine another seashell , ignoring her soaring kite .
like clockwork , callie 's dad would open the garage , whistling as he rolledthe lawn mower into place .
in her bedroom , she shortened the skirt to just above the knee , then made a last tour of the house to make sureeverything was in place .
it was also likely the prison had all sorts of new surveillance equipment in place .
if you work hard enough , everything fits into place , with no surprises . ''
as if handling a china doll , he rolled her over , pulling her over his thighs while his hands held her in place .
they each took up a place behind me as i walked to the office .
he slid the zipper into place before reaching down and sliding his hands around my waist .
` ` oh , we 'll keep the programs we have in place , but i 'd like to target the immediate threat directly . ''
i looked around the room , trying to pick a place to put the book .
she walked back up the slope and took her place behind the wheelchair .
she set up the projector on a table in the living room , clicked the reel into place , and plugged the cord in .
at the front door ; he slipped on his boat shoes and grabbed his ten - speed from its resting place beneath the eaves .
the animal protested with a rough shake of its head , stepping in place with great agitation before bowing to william 's command .
he then grabbed the two white linen towels that hung next to the sink and returned to take his place in the empty chair .
nothing looked particularly out of place until a cold wind gripped her and she saw that her window stood gaping wide open .
as soon as they were back in their places , lucy pulled together every ounce of courage she possessed .
from her place by the window , lucy offered constance a sad little smile .
it was off limits to him , a condition he himself had put into place .
her business line rang , and she reached for it even as she surveyed the massage table to make sure everything was in place .
had a plan in place .
that first day they 'd taken down all the tapestries and other decorations in the great hall and beaten or soaked them clean ; then they 'd whitewashed the walls , removed all the nasty old rushes and replaced them with fresh new rushes before hanging the tapestries and decorations back in their places .
he slides my panties and jeans into place , zipping and buttoning them for me , while i stand there uselessly , trying and failing to calm my frantic heart .
i move the pillows into place and pull her down against me so we 're lying side by side , looking at each other .
grunting ashe settled backin place , paenpicked up apieceof cheese and took a bite , buthe was distracted .
onceit wasin place , paen turned to face her with a smile , obviouslyexpectinghertobe pleased .
shewas n't surprisedwhen hefinally struggledinto the room , tuggedhis clothinginto place , glared at her andsnarled , '' i ' m not avis , sodo n't be thinking youcan buyyerway intome good graceslike i hear ye did her .
` ` this is not at all what i envisioned when you asked me to accompany you , '' spencer grunted , hefting a boulder into place .
with shaking fingers , gerard slipped it into place , kissing the stone before turning her hand and pressing his lips against her palm .
shakily , diana walked over to sit down in her place between nick and faye .
the circle had been created , the candles lit , the protective crystals put in the right places .
but he was in his place , long legs folded under him , ashy - blond head bent over his lunch .
on the wood - paneled wall where his father 's trophies hung , the twelve - pointer rested in its usual place .
ethan moved forward to take garrett 's place on the bed .
he asked as he settled into place .
jenny slept for three hours on the living room couch - she could n't face going into one of the bedrooms - and then went downstairs to take her place beside michael .
we could be anything , say anything and leave the world behind once those costumes were in place .
she could n't resist watching every intimate detail as he rolled the sheathe into place .
dr . cohen pulled the privacy curtain aside , then in place again a second before the door clicked open and closed .
he needed more time to haul his defenses into place around her before she ambushed him with another ` ` make love '' line .
people sent photos of their homes , and she offered simple improvement plans for a wide range of budgets - including using furniture already in place as well as listing items for purchase in their area and over the internet .
` ` you were almost there on your own and you already had all the pieces in place . ''
he watched her place her coffee on the end table .
hank slid into place beside her and palmed her waist .
aside from the piano , kim had been able to pack his belongings into a single box , and it had taken less than half an hour to put everything in place .
she noticed that the picture she 'd thrown was back in place atop the piano , albeit without the glass .
` ` you should talk to will , '' megan said , lowering her sunglasses into place as she prepared to leave .
the window was nearly complete - all of the detailed etchings of the faces were finished , and the reinforcing bars were already in place .
jonah showed will how to cut the lead strips and taught ronnie how to solder ; jonah cut the glass , as he 'd been doing most of the summer , and slid them into the lead strips before making room for ronnie to set the pieces in place .
i know my dad would love to see the window in place . ''
she had returned to new york city to clean out her co - op apartment , sell items she did not want , place heirloom pieces in storage and list the property with a real estate agent .
instead , he seemed intent on keeping his boot in the proper place , as if warily pinning a rattlesnake to the canyon floor .
when it arrived and moved into the proper place , a cable was rolled out and hooked to the car 's rear bumper while the emts - improvising with the seat belts - secured ira in place to minimize any jostling .
she rose from the chair and luke returned it to its place against the wall , then slipped his hand into hers .
he returned his hand to its proper place at his side .
he sat there for hours , tucked into place at a reading table , occasionally rising to stretch his legs .
` ` i always thought when everything was in place , when the time was right , that i 'd wait for the man i loved to set the scene , buy the ring , and ask . ''
it 's also irritating - an irritation i share - to consider this pairing up could be part of a larger plan put into place hundreds of years ago .
layla , being layla , had created a large chart of the interior on the wall - to scale - with the projected changes and additions in place .
the plastic high chair looked as out of place as carly felt .
it looked like one of those model homes with everything carefully arranged and color - coordinated , not a thing out of place .
` ` i like her , '' sean ventured hesitantly , from his place in the ring of white stones .
i could feel the decision clicking into place .
when my mother says nothing , i stand and return my wedding picture to its rightful place on the mantel .
eleven fifty - nine p.m. ` ` again , '' tiffany says , and then takes her place at the left side of the studio .
` ` you , my girl , are going to lift this magazine off the bottom shelf and put it in its rightful place in amongst those glossy 's on the middle shelf . ''
denny climbs back into his drum kit , tom wandering back to his place on jake 's right hand side .
i climb in my usual place behind the passenger seat and buckle in , setting the seat belt around my bump .
they were colourful , some were downright garish and most of them either read happy birthday or happy anniversary and one woefully out of place dolphin had the legend ` ` yippee for summer '' emblazoned across its side , a very optimistic sentiment considering it was july and the middle of winter .
he rolled to his side , taking her with him , wrapping his arm around her hip to keep her in place .
the clues slid into place for slade .
that was his place , beside her .
something had fallen into place the first time she 'd been in a room with all three .
` ` you had a plan in place before i even walked out of the room . ''
dex took his place at the head of the bed .
dex held her hands , and gavin moved her h*ps into place .
tal pressed her legs up with his thighs , making a place for himself at her core .
it was a padded bench - like piece with places for the submissive 's arms and legs to be tied down while her backside remained in the air for the dom to torture .
everything was in place now .
he set her on the sleek black granite countertop and immediately stepped between her legs , making a place for himself there .
dominic squinted , his brow furrowing as he peered at an unfamiliar , out - of - place brown square on the grass , visible on the tablet screen .
law left his place on the couch and walked to her .
riley looked up briefly from his place behind the massive desk that dominated the room .
again , kinley felt empty without the fullness and pressure back there , and she could n't wait for dominic to take his rightful place inside her , filling her up once more .
then dominic took his place behind her .
he very likely had a plan in place to frame dominic for her murder and call it his sadistic revenge .
he would n't want to worry me until they had a plan in place .
something deep inside him had settled as though he 'd found a piece to his puzzle that had been wrenched out of place and had finally been made right .
lan immediately stepped back , allowing dane to move into place .
i put it in place myself .
burke forced her legs farther apart , making a place for himself there .
mama glanced at them but did n't move from her place at the sink .
as long as she was here , she might as well return the dress to its proper place .
she put an arm around her mother , led her to a place on the sofa .
by the closing prayer , she realized that something had changed in her , shifted suddenly back into place , though she had n't known it was out of alignment until now .
as soon as the tree was upright and locked into place in the stand , she said , ` ` i 'll get us some wine , '' and ran for the kitchen .
she followed them out behind the school , to their place on the football field .
the garage - style door clattered up and snaked into place along the ceiling .
he led them into the sunken living room , where everything was the color of heavy cream and nothing was out of place .
he put the car in gear and pulled forward , then turned to the right and smoothly slotted the car into its place .
he zipped and buttoned , then eased his shirt off me and slipped my bra in place and hooked it .
because i was bored , i rearranged the furniture in the family room , pushing the furniture around with my legs and my right arm , and just for the hell of it moved wyatt 's recliner from its place of honor in front of the television .
after pouring the coffee , i slid the carafe back into place and leaned against the cabinets while i began to mentally worry at what had been puzzling me in my dream .
then she very calmly returned the sledgehammer to its place , dusted her hands , and walked back into the house with a smile on her face .
i came to make sure plans were still firmly in place for tonight .
he folded his menu and stuck it back in its place .
kathryn scurried to obey him , then held the board up as he nailed it in place across the door .
tucking the last angel into the highest limb , the garland was in place .
hearing her approach , the boys scurried back to their places on either end of the sofa .
carrying both out into the great room where she could see , she racheted five bullets into place .
but tink was snoozing in his accustomed place , and the howling wind , the gently flickering lamplight , recalled the blizzard .
when her dad had left , she had checked to make certain it was loaded and returned it to the same place .
he was already moving , shifting his weight , but he froze in place as the fabric tightened around his wrists .
the spectacle she created at your dance made that impossible , but i had another plan in place to make sure she stays occupied for some time ... probably until tomorrow .
she paused , her hand holding the lid of the teapot in place , her eyes caught in the loving memory of forty years past .
she patted the place by the hearth and jack put down the box .
and nate fought a smile as chris vacated his place on the hearth .
none of them seemed out of place or alarming .
snapping my head up from its resting place against the tree , i took in the first real sight of eva i 'd had since the night at the lake .
joe took donovan 's place in front of shea and carefully peeled back the blood - soaked shirt so he could ascertain how much if any she still bled .
he only knew they were out of place .
the moment he 'd touched her , something inside him had jarred , then settled in place .
` ` you get everything in place ? ''
logan itched to look around more , find out if there were hidden areas to the pit , but it would have to wait a few minutes until xander could get in place .
once we have that in place , i 'll have a better idea what color to paint the walls and what backsplash to choose .
the fabricators would come measure for the countertops as soon as the cabinets were in place and had promised a quick turnaround .
sweat sheened across his body as he lifted the cabinets across the new floor and set them in their place , rearranging them until they fit in the space .
new appliances sat snugly in their appointed places , ready to cool and heat great food .
earlier in the day , tyler , deke , jack , and logan , who had just gotten leave , brought over all hunter and kata 's furniture , setting it perfectly in place .
london sat in the middle of the sofa , and the brothers took their respective places on either side of her .
one second lily was trapped under him , and in the next he had her flipped to her front , braced on her knees , with her elbows on the bed and her ass in the air as he knelt beside her , holding her in place .
keeping himself buried inside her , ryder slid his arms beneath her and rolled to his back , then settled his hands on her hips , holding her in place .
the houseboat dipped toward the shore , nudging the rubber bumper on the dock before sliding into place .
not that she dressed to meet his approval , but she did n't want to appear out of place sitting beside him .
chapter 21 after emma retrieved her phone and returned to her place on the sofa to make the cal , aidan came over to sit beside her .
i ' ve been keeping them at grandpa earl 's until i had a place for them in phoenix .
their roots had buckled the sidewalk in places , which spoke of the age of the trees and the neighborhood , but other than the cracked sidewalk , nothing was out of place .
she set a plain wineglass at each of their places .
fighting the urge to lean down and nuzzle the side of her neck , he let go of her chair and walked around the table to his place on the opposite side .
she sits down and pats a place next to her .
three football players push the set forward into its place .
he 's so quick with his hands that he has the knife shut and back in its place within a second .
jeff moved into place on their little stage .
even in the half - light it looked ridiculously out of place and ostentatious .
leave it to her mother to build something so absurdly out of place .
` ` you know meredith likes everything in its place .
the house looked as beautiful and out of place as ever in its snowy valley , tucked as it was in a vee of land between the river and the hills .
reaching down to the left , she grabbed the old wool blanket from its place in a basket and wrapped it around her .
from his place in the big bed , with stark white pillows and blankets piled around him , dad looked thin and old and fading .
` ` your grandfather has been waiting for you two , '' mom said , rising from her place in the rocking chair by the window .
perhaps she can feign an illness and put blankets in her place in bed and climb out the window .
settling them in place under her arms , she limped slowly toward meredith and jeff .
mom worked like a mad person , in a frenzy ; she brought all the ivy back , cradling it in her hands with a gentleness she 'd never shown her children , and when that was all returned to its place , she went for the column , dragging it back , muscling it into its place .
mom worked like a mad person , in a frenzy ; she brought all the ivy back , cradling it in her hands with a gentleness she 'd never shown her children , and when that was all returned to its place , she went for the column , dragging it back , muscling it into its place .
` ` we are all we have left , '' she says , scooting back into her place amid the hay bales .
a long pair of iron tongs and several buckets full of sand are in place along the short wall .
anya says , rising from her place on the bed , carrying her blanket with her .
nina took a place by the window in a surprisingly comfortable chair .
everything is in place , just as it was when we left leningrad .
from my place on the train , i see the ruined countryside .
when he heard the soft snick of the door closing , liam prepared the space with everything he might need , methodically setting items in their place .
she hissed as he slid the little alligator - toothed implement into place .
as i watched , some of the magellan crew were moving one of the containers into place into the barrier , using top lifters to set the container in place and then turning off their power and letting the container fall a couple of millimeters to the ground with a thump .
as i watched , some of the magellan crew were moving one of the containers into place into the barrier , using top lifters to set the container in place and then turning off their power and letting the container fall a couple of millimeters to the ground with a thump .
everything was already in place . ''
nothing was out of place , his office supplies neatly lined up and organized .
it was thoughtful of beth ann to leave everything in place in case she needed to utilize the studio .
he shifted in place .
` ` and no , marie , all my equipment is in place and intact .
mom calls out , now back in place at her mat .
she 's a little disheveled after yoga , a little less done today , makeup lighter , her hair perfectly in place and hairsprayed so well it would take a category 4 hurricane to blow a single strand out of place , but she 's more ... mom .
the goat let out a long staccato nay and then ambled into place , jumping up a foot or so to get her hind legs over the hole where the bucket was .
he closed his eyes and returned to the safer place next to her ear , denying her the chance to appreciate the raw honesty in his eyes .
no doubt , it would be easy to lace in with all the equipment in place for the laser show to highlight the jewels .
the hell of it was he could not touch her again until he had his head on straight and a plan of action in place .
he caught the sweet floral scent on her neck as he eased her chair into place .
now that her vision cleared she had a better view of her place at the center of the restaurant 's attention .
the scent of frying bacon hung in the air as he tended the stove , a second pan in place with batter in a measuring cup .
plans were already in place for all the medina offspring to know each other well with frequent visits to the island , a pattern already started over the past months as everyone rotated helping the senior enrique recover .
` ` i think i pretty much have the picture in place . ''
but she 'd walked out first thing in the morning with her own plan in place , already cleared by salvatore .
` ` malcolm , '' salvatore continued , ` ` i can put security in place for her here in the states so you can go ahead with your tour without worries . ''
you 're okay with sleeping together with an exit strategy already in place ? ''
and even when she demanded her place on top , still those talented hands teased her senses to the edge of fulfillment .
he took her place in the lounger , cradling her in his lap .
` ` and kevlar under your brioni pin - stripe would n't be out of place . ''
as was always the case when faith was home , the chain was in place on the door .
instead of speaking , he curled his fingers more resolutely around his coffee cup and studied her carefully from his place on the futon .
it did n't escape his notice that he and kimball were the only two men present , nor did he miss the fact that they were both seated in the traditional places of honor at the table .
still , he seemed out of place here , dressed as he was .
the hand cupping her bottom moved upward , to the waistband of her tights , then dipped easily inside to immediately reclaim its place against her bare skin .
the cups on this one sometimes shift out of place . ''
` ` now that we have the right height , i 'll need a screwdriver to get the rod in place . ''
she watched as he climbed the wooden ladder and started to put a bracket in place for the curtain rod .
because she continued to stare at him , frozen in place , he glanced back at the woman behind the table , who 'd done a good job of holding him off and attempting to cover for her sister .
` ` he sold the property in the first place .
they spoke the entire night , and he fell deeply in love with her without knowing his father had plans already in place for their union .
most of them were far bigger than rafe , and though she was sure the hotel had ample precautions in place , all it would take was one good snap of their jaws to rip his head off .
he smiled as her face flamed red while soup was being place in front of her .
ari was stopped in place by the stunning dance instructor .
holding pride of place in the center of the living room wall was a large framed picture featuring a smiling billy and what looked like his parents .
there was a lot to do and he 'd feel safer once she was tucked back into her place in california .
tim stood up immediately from his place near the tree and scrambled onto the couch right next to simon , wrapping a protective little arm around ginny .
tate rose to his feet and swung the chair back into place .
he 'd have a plan in place before the night was over , his sole objective to get lara into his bed as soon as possible .
he took off like a bat out of hell the moment she was seated and her feet were in place .