everyone is thrilled that an heir is already in place . ''
should he have offered her a prime place in the business ?
at the last minute his father had talked to his mother , who 'd pulled some strings and got him the chance of a place in harvard .
so i can pretty much guarantee that it is n't to maintain his place in the government .
about how on every cruise there were women lining up to take their place in nick 's bed .
and this office was part of his place , the driving centre of the advertising company that occupied two floors of this prestigious building at circular quay with its commanding view of sydney harbour .
maybe he had decided to forget it and was setting up for work , all primed to put her firmly back in her secretarial place .
she did her best to forget them in the weeks leading up to the maitland show where she 'd be competing in two showjumping events , the main one giving points towards securing a place in the world cup team .
so far she 'd passed his silly tests and was well on her way to earning herself a place at his lodge .
` ` because henry was the one who raised wilsely to baron and rewarded him with the place .
meredith had known since childhood that she wanted to get her college degree and take her rightful place at bancroft and company someday .
he alone seemed to understand how she felt about taking her rightful place at bancroft 's , and he sincerely believed she could do it if she wanted it badly enough .
from the time she was a young girl , she 'd assumed that someday she would have the chance to follow in the footsteps of all her forebears and take her rightful place at bancroft and company .
you remember i told you someday i 'd repay you for the nice write - up you gave my place in your column ?
according to the article , kate had been chosen for the honor partly because of the overall excellence of the dining experience at donovan 's and partly because of a program she 'd instituted whereby donovan 's chef and sous - chef exchanged places four times a year with their counterparts at equally famous restaurants throughout the country .
david had all but guaranteed me a place in management .
two hours ago a bright , calm winter day had been shining on london and he had been attending a board meeting , supremely confident in his place as chairman of the old and prestigious scott - lee bank .
dylan had been honest with her , even though telling her his secrets could have lost him his place on her staff .
i believe we have the right team in place to design and execute a successful campaign here in the states to make marradesi cosmetics a household name .
time has tempered you and the brutal prices and constant compromises of keeping your place at the top have taught you the multiplicity of points of view and the paramount importance of implementing what works , not what you personally think is right .
he also had the most glamorous women in the world fighting for a place on his one - night - stand waiting list .
why do n't you just get someone from castaldini , a minor princess or something , who 'd jump at the chance for a temporary place in the spotlight , and who 's been trained from birth in royal and diplomatic pretense ?
` ` i ' m offering a place on my team , '' fadi said .
that woman would have let me deal with any fallout after she 'd secured her place and interests .
he 'd easily find other players to take their places on his board .
` ` and let 's face it , '' the senator continued , ` ` your relationship benefited both my career and place within the party . ''
my job on this first trip was not just to chat - up the dragon , but also to find a place that the fae could provide as my permanent place there .
cutthroat and worried i 'd take her place behind the bar , if not under our boss , mika had shown herself to be a first class bitch .
that being what it is , i ' m here today to let you know that if this board is planning on removing me from my place here , you 're going to have a fight on your hands .
lawrence 's expression showed he knew nothing of what i suspected were karl 's plans to take my place at the head of the company .
she said and both women started forward , determined to approach the man and win a place in his bed for the rest of the evening .
now here was a gorgeous man , one who was way out of my league offering me a place in his bed .
he 'd kept his place in the international billionaire 's club a f**king secret .
have her find a place in denver .
` ` there 's a place in the brewery . ''
` ` when the time is right , you 'll return here and claim your rightful place as king of the gods .
you wanted to maintain your place as the king of the gods . ''
he wore his brown hair long and braided down his back - a holdover from the days when he 'd been one of the top league assassins , before he 'd executed his predecessor and had claimed his place as head badass .
kizira would never have battled to earn her place as the most elite medb priestess had she known she 'd lose her free will , bound to the ruthless queen for as long as flaevynn lived .
it 's not cheap by any means , but uncle rust keeps the rates at 10 percent below the dealers ' book price and he keeps highly skilled staff in place .
the fact is that benedict lightwood has always wanted the place of head of the institute for himself , or for his son .
we had both participated in the plan to trap victor madden , regent of the state of louisiana , put in place by king felipe of nevada , and we had helped to kill victor and his entourage .
kaderin wanted to cement her place in the finals .
his love had taken the place of the anger in her soul , but he 'd been promoted when she had not , and when he won a place in the elite and she was passed over one too many times , they parted ways .
with her gone , i will live forever , able to claim a place at a higher court . ''
anyway , they got ta complete a mission on their own before i can officially offer them a place on my team . ''
females lied to him constantly as they fought for a place in his bed and at his side .
` ` as my pet so quickly learned his place , i will give him a reward .
` ` but i offered you a place in my bed , '' william whined to the harpy .
aeron 's off on his mission to hell and olivia 's taken gwen 's place in the sky , from what i can tell .
if he had to sign on with the lords for a permanent place in their army just to look after her , he was going to be annoyed .
when i at last reclaimed my rightful place on the heavenly throne , i sought out the lords , thinking to destroy them before they could destroy me . ''
he could stay long enough to we d the princess , kane thought , then place tink in the care of his friends .
if michael fired him , he would lose his agency job as well as his place on the football team .
he was staying at a nearby hotel until he could find a permanent place - after his hard work on the desert gall case , john had hired him and he 'd accepted - and had been waiting for me here at headquarters .
he 'd heard all about the demilords who 'd supposedly been put in place to control the outbreak during his absence , but where were they ?
older by five years , she was already preparing to take her place at the top of her father 's company and promised to take me along with her .
i ' ve spent my entire life working toward a place in my father 's firm , and now ... '' he looked up at me , lost .
i was thinking lily could have another few months off and you could defer your university place until next september , and we could spend the spring travelling .
that would mean returning to court and taking up my place on the council as soon as i turned sixteen .
once you graduate , you 'll have a place at merlin .
jax places our dessert order then jerks his head toward logan in surprise when logan also lifts his hand and kisses his knuckles .
` ` if you do n't like it , you can move to the dower house in clevedon or i 'll find you a place in london . ''
i never wanted to leave her room whenever i was there , but i would always be whisked away soon after , to avoid suspicion and to make certain that willa maintained her place as head servant .
she appears mortified underneath that creamy skin , but is trying to maintain her dominant place between us by not showing too much emotion .
` ` i was given what i need to take my place as the ruler of the high - bloods , '' he admitted , removing the chalice from his pocket and moving to place it on the desk .
unfortunately when he 'd accepted his position as victor 's right hand man , he had given up his place in the field .
perhaps cezar will offer you a place as well . ''
` ` is he auditioning for a place among your ravens ? ''
` ` perhaps our master was wise enough to wait until you could accept a place as his chosen . ''
` ` it 's a kind offer , but my place is here . ''
lily 's eldest son , gavin , has taken his father 's place at the factory , '' corrine explained as she gently brushed her hand over lily 's hair .
allen wanted to make sure they had their offices ready and new employees in place immediately after the christmas boom so they could begin r and d on new products .
my mother would die , henry would lose his place as ruler of whatever it was that he did , and ava 's death would have been for nothing .
he had to be returned to his rightful place , and walter 's pride dictated his need to ensure that pollux no longer thumbed his nose at the council .
she knew most women in america would give anything to trade places with her , but all she wanted was to go home .
` ` and if i were to join , what would my place be ? ''
i will not force my children to give up their rightful places on the council , places they have earned by passing the very test you created , when you yourself could not pass it . ''
you will retain your duties as a goddess , and you will retain a place on the council .
` ` if you value your place on the council , you will have your report to me this time tomorrow . ''
it had been days since i 'd been able to steal as much as a simple hug from benjy , who , as a legitimate vi , had earned his place as knox 's assistant .
the dragonette 's calm , passionless words drive home just how much was demanded of me as a child in order for me to earn my place at the convent .
while i am not surprised that he is a thief , i am surprised that such a small crime would earn him a place with the hellequin .
they saw einar and himself as bodyguards , not serious contenders for a place in her bed .
he 'd earned a place at her side as her champion .
not to mention that we definitely do not need a place in connecticut . ''
she 's dressed as if she 's risen to her place on the throne next to the sultan .
ali responded to my retort with one of her own , and we went back and forth for so long that it did n't occur to me until much later that she had assumed that my security team would still be in place by the time the baby was born .
another thing i had n't considered was that my parents would expect me to get a place with ashley .
morgan tossed her hair back over her shoulder , struck a model pose , and then slinked down the last few steps , ready to go claim her homecoming crown , her new boyfriend , and her rightful place as the new queen of mythos academy .
there was no doubt but that he had earned the right to occupy a place on the board .
he was using that , along with his own enhanced strat talent , to demand a place on the board of directors . ''
the best they could hope for was a marriage based on business or political ties , or perhaps a place in a convent .
` ` i ' m sure he expected to take his father 's place at the head of the company , but that never happened .
the store clerk was about the same human age as connor , but connor would n't take his place in the pride for a few more years and probably would n't be looking for permanent connections for another ten years after that .
he 's exactly like me , except i can be calm because i ' m secure in my place as leader .
even if the girls managed to find a place in an elegant brothel , when they grew older and lost their looks they could be turned out , sent to live on the streets again .
` ` either you want to admonish me for switching from prosecution to defense in the case of ruth baxter , '' sinclair said calmly , ` ` or you are measuring my backside for a place on the bench . ''
i already offered her the place if maddy agrees . ''
she was sincere in offering you a place . ''
eric was the only remaining sheriff that the previous ruler had put in place .
so , if kate or i ever let our personal lives affect our professional performance again , one or both of us would be looking for a different place of employment .
` ` sylvia 's first circle asked me to take her place as the queen of halaway , '' jaenelle said .
so i do n't think the current queen of bhak has anyone who can fill the vacant place in her court . ''
if you ask to be dismissed from the court and cassidy grants the request , you not only give up your place in the court , you also give up the town and its tithes . ''
or , worse , she could end up begging for a place in one of the large eyries that stabled the warriors who served in the eyrien queens ' courts .
nerves , most likely , about hosting her first gathering ... which would make it clear to anyone who was n't a fool that marian was acknowledging her place as his lady .
` ` a few weeks later , the province queen summoned her to the court and offered her a place in the fifth circle .
` ` when he found out i was immigrating to kaeleer , he offered me a place in his company .
on and on until all the witches had accepted a place in the court .
and i 'll give up my place in the line of succession if that 's what it takes . ''
how many , i did n't know and since sending beelzebub into a pit of churning flames was n't enough to kill him , i was left wondering when he would reclaim his place inside my head and begin torturing me again .
` ` come to grovel for a place in the house ?
he almost pressed her about the one thing she 'd promised , a place on the starlin board of governors , but he knew he 'd reached his bargaining limit .
tomorrow he would begin forming his command organization , all those departments that would establish lines of communication , provide weaponry and ordnance , place orders for uniforms , create medical units , and of course maintain a food supply .
a place of prominence has been prepared for you , a fine house , and great wealth .
he 'd been living in a dream , pretending second earth was something other than what it was , as though his life as a warrior , his place of service , was n't the difficult dangerous task it was .
the crew she 'd briefed this morning was almost certainly dead , and if not , a different contingency was in place to search for them - a second pj pair .
he had plenty of connections now in the spies he 'd helped place .
major deluca and his team will carry on in cleveland and proceed with putting the first nanosensor in place at a teen function scheduled at the center tonight . ''
the flight had provided the perfect cover for them to slip into incirlik air base and meet up with cia and nsa agents already in place , all focused on locating and rescuing chuck tanaka , a member of their test squadron who had been kidnapped in the region a week ago by god only knew what kind of monster .
she wondered if she would have even made it without the hope of regaining her place in the cockpit again .
this story would reinstate him as the tribune 's ace political reporter , a place he wanted desperately to be and not just because he 'd worked damn hard for his professional reputation or because of an overblown ego .
` ` here 's to your shoving my big brother out of your office and reclaiming your rightful place as chief . ''
damian leaned on one elbow and stared into the eyes of the rookie , the kid poised to take his place on the team .
amy already knew she was stepping into a high - profile , high - pressure place with loyalty and dedication in spades , and she wanted to play a successful part .
i had a place in canada once that i think- '' wait .
it gives her the opportunity to try to earn a place in her pack in a few years , but she 'll forever be confined to pack territory . ''
` ` it just seemed unlikely that you 'd try to fool him if you 're planning to later ask him for a place in his pack .
my best bet is to get a place in my uncle 's pack - even if it 's only temporary , at least it 'll be something .
having been scouted by antonio 's tracker , sebastian , i had participated in the try - outs for a place in the legion .
` ` my hope is that the females in this room by the names of alora , jude , ava , paige , and imani will accept a place in that squad - you have all earned it . ''
when i 'd first arrived at the hollow from london to partake in the try - outs for a place in the legion - antonio 's personal army - jared had thought the idea was absolutely ridiculous .
` ` tell me you 're not here hoping to try for a place in the legion . ''
as i stormed away , i could n't decide what incensed me more ; the fact that i had n't been given a place in the legion even after proving myself , or the fact that this bothered me so much .
chimbl was nothing more than an empty - headed thug , willing to lick aklus ' boots in order to gain a place in his kingdom .
they 'd been recalled to le - ath veronis ; lendill and norian already had plenty of agents in place to take the drakus seed fields and arrest arvil 's guests .
` ` i have a couple of interviews for intern places . ''
then , you come in - someone unattached and put into a place of authority .
this place , with its expensive glass desk and grand view , was just a formality .
it 's only he 's in hiding - he changes his place every few days , and i dinna ken just which one he 's in right now .
` ` marsali doesna like paying that , '' he said , gasping a little , ` ` but fergus kent what happened to my place in edinburgh .
` ` it sounds to me like you think your place might be next to race . ''
i mean way nicer than you would expect for a place in the point .
i mean , that 's the entire point of the experimental league , after all - to get a place , other than at a university , which grooms raw talent and discovers untapped potential .
they would not let her go until they were sure that arrangements were in place to meet her at the other end .
i think you just found a place on this team , but i ca n't let you practice until you 're cleared .
it was good to go for business reasons , but , unfortunately , there were so many trust funders who continued to jockey for position in new england society just by associating themselves with alexander , whose successful company had secured him a place as one of the most sought after bachelors in the country .
you do n't keep prominent places in a military by just saying you 're a cool guy .
that place was filled by a single individual and he or she had control and command over the entire guard .
so , i m offering you a treaty where ill place one of my comrades to work side by side with all the world leaders .
i , ajax , warrior hero , hereby assume my rightful place as mayor of mech city !
i have returned to my proper place at leon 's control panel in my comfortable plaid recliner , gazing into the universe with a my own little hitchhiker , eliza allready .
several nsa assets are in place to track and monitor the activities of this person just as soon as he becomes exposed .
he was impressed with my fighting skills and offered me a place in his crew .
she was in her final year at school and studying hard for her exams , and now that she had a definite aim in life , she was more determined than ever to do well and gain a place at a good university .
you will be offered a place in the club .
the blue - banded bot faithfully complied and took its place at the transports helm while its red - banded cohort directed gabriel into the rear on a hovering board of tetrasteel .
fintan climbed into the cockpit and took his place at the somewhat familiar controls .
when a citizen of tygon places a bet on a player in the game and wins , they are much happier than if they lose .
henry wondered if nathan creating a military was the beginning of him trying to establish his place as king .
through the death of qiaoshan , he shall claim his rightful place as firstborn of the house of s. it is written , so shall it be done !
until then you will share quarters with other warriors where you will learn your place .
` ` your place with the warlord gives you no special privileges .
shed been confident that roderick junior would live to assume his lawful place at the head of the righteous .
she smiled and turned to him opening her eyes , then ill place you in recycling product development .
as chenko took his place at the command station , shiloh took one last look around and then left the bridge for a bite to eat in the wardroom , followed by a short power nap in his cabin .
some laikans , however , embraced the utn and civilised themselves and found places in either the army or space navy or as archaeologists , in which they were viewed as the best in the universe .
listen , man , while i m away at the council , you ve been selected to take my place as head of the world council , the president said .
it was also my place to keep a vigil on the borders near the great gate where the outlanders hailed from .
they re desperate for anyone who can cast a spell and you are sitting up on this station , doing nothing , complaining that you ca nt find a place on a starship ?
both men had considered leaving their post several times , but duty to the cause kept them reluctantly in place .
actually , said mark nonchalantly , i bumped into one of the team leaders from blackwood gate ; he offered me a place on the team last night just a couple of days work .
the captain made his way to the navigation deck and took his place at the wheel .
there have been two unscrambled messages , detailing your movements , the first one came into the facility where i traded its contents for a place inside this bitchs team .
not much , unfortunately , she said and brought him up to speed on her adventures since departing from his place in the dome .
but the station was nt signing on politicians , so i fell back on my skills as an accountant to get a place here .
i called again , this time with details of my new place of work ; a surgery not far from the one i used to work in , doing the same thing as before but for a smaller , much less reputable company .
* * * * chapter 5 on the establishment and use of power in the office place power tends to corrupt , and absolute power corrupts absolutely .
if they knew she was the grand marshalls granddaughter , would they assume that she had been raised in ariyalsynai among the elite , untroubled by the difficulties they had endured to earn their places as explorers ?
that science philosophy notion you d talk yourself dry about with all your friendsyou were going to fight for a place in the science center in firien city .
not only did he survive the hundred day tour of duty atop the walls , lord general rosca offered him a place as one of the war priests .
the boy , who simply went by dev , was quiet and pensive , and she instantly decided to find him a place working near the house so she could keep an eye on him .
would you like to take the hunchbacks place and eat with me ?
we offered an opportunity for anyone to apply , but it was always the same people who earned the places .
in most situations it might have been difficult for a woman to find a place among the primarily male workforce , but , truth be told , the steamworks was so short on staff they were happy to have anyone willing to take up some of the slack .
once russia became strong not just a hollow shell or old and broken equipment then and only then could russia resume it place as a major world power but until then he would focus on russia .
yin had asked to be given a place with in the city , but now she knew the truth .
in fact , the organics allowed the overseers to regain their place as leaders and judges in their worlds , but they were always within easy distance of a by word or influential insistence on behalf of their masters . ''
he would do whatever it took to ensure his place as a pilot on a warship at the end of the summer .
date : july 8 , 2060 location : united states comment : the patriot movement begins ousting the exposed criminals from their places of power .
the third thing i need from you wo nt take place right away , but in a year from now , my brother is going to call you looking for a place to stay .
* * * crenet : 2 weeks later velius stood from his place in the council chamber , calling the meeting to order .
hell , i even left dataflexs management team in place to keep running the shop .
the alpha precognitives vision wanted her in place within the council by the end of the year , which meant that the pivotal battle would not take place until the following year at the earliest .
yes , nathan shouted , from his place on the line .
reaction chamber personnel , stand by to decelerate , '' the captain announced from his place on the bridge .
` ` the time has come for one of the chosen to create their staff and take your rightful place as the provider 's next teuton .
primarily it was to make sure saan , someone who he later revealed he had an eye on for very early promotion and a place on his teaching staff , could perform under sudden pressure and scrutiny .
we must prove that we are worthy of our place in the premier league the proof required is that i can do various complex maneuvers and that that my riders can do anything !
jenica returns fire from her place at the controls .
saeros did n't return to his place behind the desk .
the membership requirement is in place to keep the discussions civil and intelligent , and i m willing to assume that any immediate relative of zane zeitman can at least manage that .
we have heard that your appointment is not to be renewed and that you have not managed to find another place .
a ceremonial post , a place reserved for an amiable man willing to serve as a figurehead .
donald took his place at the controls and began preparations for takeoff .
donald took his place at the controls , did a safety check , lifted off , and headed for the center .
perhaps in a few years , after your place here in arelon is more secure , you could allow yourself a relationship that is ... covert .
you have more than earned your place as governor , and i wanted you to know that i intend to do everything i can to back you .
a week later , i resign my place at the training facility and turn it over , gladly , to my successor .
` ` perhaps i will actually allow you to petition me for a place as my ward . ''
` ` i can not promise you a position in one of the orders - that decision is not mine - but if your skill with the sword is similar to your skill with hearth - tending implements , then i am confident you will find a place with us . ''
surely you follow the precepts of rank closely enough to give me a place at your table . ''
` ` they are afraid , too , because only the card gives them a place in the line , and then only when their turns come around .
they dragged the body out of sight into the guard alcove , and the young male with the signal device took his place at the door .
i could not earn a place , i knew that , but i tried to make my presence as light a burden as possible .
lemle 's assistant , who later took his place at the institute , said to one of our investigators that rowan was highly competitive and jealous of his boss .
` ` lady allendale 's generosity , '' gong su said , and turned to temeraire , explaining in chinese that lady allendale had written the corps , and obtained the names of all laurence 's followers , to see them taken care of by one means or another ; she had given gong su a place .
` ` and if we do , '' a grey copper named rictus said pointedly , raising his head out of the porridge - pit , ` ` i expect there will be no pavilions anyway , or treasure , not for us , or leastways not for those of us who have n't got our captains again , and a place in the corps waiting for us any time we like .
laurence could give him a place aboard ship - if they could either of them get to the ship , which was certainly more likely with junichiro 's guidance than without it .
there might be a place for you in the service of the crown prince : it may well be that relations with your nation will at some point assume a closer character than at present , and i do not believe we have very many officials with knowledge of your tongue . ''
forthing was brave and competent enough , but not by any means a star in the firmament ; ferris could not be called a lieutenant , though he deserved the place ; besides them laurence had only a few ragged midwingmen and ensigns .
` ` i 'd say it was to solidify your place here , but you ' ve been here so long , you do n't need to prove yourself anymore . ''
` ` i already have a team in place to pursue that very question .
it was the grandest and most beautiful adventure humanity had ever been on , and elvi had earned a place on the exobiology team .
you were willing to change your appearance to get vathah to follow you and to gain a place with sebarial , but not now ?
he clearly needed to solidify his place as leader in the reservation , and proving he was a better fighter than me would go a long way toward that goal .
and that was how i cooked my way into a permanent place at faldor 's farm .
` ` i hope it does n't rain , '' barak growled from his place at the tiller .
vanion had always been a stern teacher , tolerating no shortcomings in the young knights he had trained to take their places in pandion ranks .
' and when my pale little daughter ascends to her rightful place upon my throne , tell her , i pray thee , that i did truly love her ' ' if that , please god , should come to pass , aldreas , i will . '
but miss ashton did n't seem to have moved from her place at the table .
` ` khal drogo says your place is not on the high bench , '' ser jorah translated for her brother .
give them places in the khalasar and let them bear you sons . ''
` ` i have been glancing over the names you put forward to take your place as commander of the city watch . ''
` ` my place is pyke , and yours is on this ship . ''
` ` your grace , '' brienne answered , ` ` i ask the honor of a place among your rainbow guard .
` ` hal mollen will escort them back to winterfell , it is his place as captain of guards . ''
he was of high birth , with as much a right to a place on the bench as any other man .
the quiet wolf had offered the little crannogman a place in his tent that night , but before he slept he knelt on the lakeshore , looking across the water to where the isle of faces would be , and said a prayer to the old gods of north and neck ... ` ` ` ` you never heard this tale from your father ? ''
` ` janos was hardly the first gold cloak ever to take a bribe , i grant you , but he may have been the first commander to fatten his purse by selling places and promotions .
elsewise , aemon will find a servant 's place for her at the citadel . ''
such a large and likely lad drew the eye of old lord caswell , who offered him a place in his garrison , but the boy had wanted more .
they 'd taken note of eden 's gifted touch with engineering and offered him a place in one of their academies .
next year i will step across the line and he will still be in the same place .
though marie - josephe was too old , at twenty , to be a student at mme de maintenon 's school at saint - cyr , the marquise had given her a place teaching arithmetic to the younger girls .
m. boursin , drab in the plain clothes suited to his place in the king 's household , hurried forward .
a single word of censure from his majesty could ruin one 's place at court .
am i to give m. hercules a place at court ? ''
until the advent of women in the work place and especially since the marvelous discovery of the pill , only childless women had any chance at using their brain at all , and the childless were mostly pitied for being spinsters .
every wolf in this pack has a place , either as a hunter or a sentinel , so that the packs work is divided and certain shares are given to those best suited for the job .
removing leron from his position would create a power vacuum in the pack , which would force the council members to turn on each other so that the place may be filled .
part of her had believed that revealing the traitors plans , and finally winning the directors trust , would have been enough for them to offer her a place on the recovery mission .
i will not criticise them ; i just want to know before i go and possibly offer them a place with me and the college .
he blurted out , i ve been offered a place at ernest !
its from ernest college and i have been offered a place there , next school year .
he has always kept his place a secret .
after spending the last year seeing only relief time , darren was going to make his first start as catcher , a small miracle considering the coach did nt even want to give him a place on the team when he tried out last year .
kallinda was definitely trying to keep her place at the top , and was doing a great job .
otherwise snow would never return and take her rightful place on the throne .
we have guards in place to escort you from the city , sir , and they will stay with you until this threat is eliminated , bess assured him .
she tried auditioning for a place at the julliard school of performing arts , in the drama division .
they kept vying for the place behind chief .
fear not for our village , grandfather , as the ancients will send bounty from within fossilized tunnels ; waters following in trade for your loss to the people as testament to your place as elder .
you , benson rose , he commanded , you ll take crickets place as shiphand .
when the queue diminished , i relinquished my place at the counter to anna , and began circulating the tables , picking up abandoned trays and bowls and wiping the surfaces clean .
24 proxy you are becoming a nuisance , josiah foreman , mach says from his place on the throne .
we can not offer you a place back among the keepers , sune told ash .
she had tried to put her in an out of the way place on the campaign .
the next morning , zilthss challenged him for his place on the mountain ridge .
my father sent a messenger to lazelans university explaining what had happened , and asked that lazelan be allowed to stay and work for a while without jeopardizing his place at the university .
you would not have been able to take your place at the university and you would have no kind of life to offer magdolyn .
i got offered a place here by barton who got the college to give me a scholarship .
women still struggle to reach their aspirations in the work place or in politics even today , but if they persevere , they will eventually rise up and prove themselves as great providers of leadership .
we have associates in place to follow her and pick her up after she leaves heathrow .
jeff ran back to the huddle of teammates , slapping hands , and cory walked over to the goalmouth and took his place on the line .
unless professor x and the other x - men decided to make an appearance and offer her a place in their crew , selena was on her own and probably the only person in the world with such a bizarre talent .
mostly because i knew i did nt have much of one , unlike joseph , who went to the bigger , nicer high school in four where everyone was being groomed for places in the middles or uppers of the classes .
we were not groomed for places in technology or medical .
its time for you to grow up and assume your place as a fire warrior !
the mougos had given her honor and a place because of her playing , perhaps because she was a little mad .
midway through the evening , the dance musicians stood and left their places .
wind was a good contender although i did nt know he would actually want to claim a place in the palace .
you will do as i say if you want to have a place in akea .
northsam believed in wind right from the very start , saying that he would have a good place in kanela and wind proved that .
you leave the painting as it is , ginny ; it ll go a long way to getting you a place on a degree course .
get your name in the papers and every art school in the country is going to recognise it as soon as your application for a place drops through their letter box .
making yourself known is half the battle when you re applying for a place on a degree course .
this places feels like a distant memory .
congratulations on getting the coveted place in the seattle institute of fine arts .
finally , she just stood there , looking dejected but unwilling to give up her hard - fought for place at the counter .
he had lobbied repeatedly to be transferred from the place .
i will help you to find a place on the ship .
okay , we have an it person with all you mentioned and we have few designers that you can talk with , the finance person is already in place .
to many peoples surprise , he used his charisma to find a place on the academic council , and to leadership of the student bar association .
alphabetical list of characters alex : teddies father amy : social worker from chicago ana : employee in ivys office ariel : teddies older sister ashmita : ushas mother awut : teddies photography teacher bela : ashmitas friend in gangtok bhadra : ushas 11 year old sister , and also the name of zanes friend chakor : ushas deceased father duttas : elderly telepathic couple from darjeeling haley : mountain climber from denver hans and henrik : norwegian climbers who advocate to include haley jampa : young monk living in bhutan jeet : ushas uncle in patna khae : manager of bar in bangkok lawan : ex - us military researcher and rebel within c3 lhatu : man from bhutan lola : teddies mother maurice : old family friend of the zeitmans mei : expert cyber detective from china who asks no questions michelle : teddies closest friend nandi : procurer of young girls for exclusive clients noi : one of vanidas trainers at a camp in the thai countryside noom : name jampa uses for his sister olumiji : nigerian telepath pavel : the man who purchases usha pee chaai : name vanida uses for her brother pim : one of vanidas trainers at a camp in the thai countryside riddhi : ushas aunt in patna samir : pavels go to man for delicate items shawna : a childhood friend of teddies sister teresa marie : a sister of the good shepherd somadina : nigerian telepath and close friend of teddies mother tariq : pakistani boy who aids teddie telepathically teddie : high school student from houston uncle steve : haleys agent usha : high school student from patna vanida : trainee in the sex industry vasily : pavels old friend and assistant yuden : lhatus grandmother za : murdered mother of two unusual twins zane : teddies older brother places bagdogra : nearest airport to darjeeling , 3 hours away by hired car darjeeling : mountain resort in northern india gangtok : capital of sikkim , a country formerly between nepal and bhutan and now part of india kanchenjunga : third highest mountain in the world lord peartree international academy for exceptional students : fictional school in darjeeling india manali : picturesque indian resort town where pavel lives mishmi hills : in indias arunachel pradesh district bordering china and burma patna : town in northern india where ashmita and ushas siblings live and ushas father is from patong beach in phuket , thailand : most popular beach in all of southeast asia .
while the governors council has done an admirable job holding things together up til now , its time that the people of this country know that a stable , permanent national government is in place .
every day was a constant battle to win a place on his island .
a press conference to announce duvals university place would be arranged for the following morning .
she s saying that she wo nt register for her place at the university .
the university issued a statement on friday afternoon announcing that duval had decided not to take up the offer of a place .
do you honestly believe any university would have offered her a place without significant input from people in high office ?
his father and she had been preoccupied with finding a clandestine way to assist duval locate a college place .
he had won his place there as an eleven year old on a scholarship awarded by his fathers trade union .
even in the face of evidence of fraud and malpractice , government bails them out with the taxpayers money with those fraudulent , or at best reckless , ceos remaining in place .
* * * guido pepi sat back and read the report : ten ex - sas troopers now in place in k2 and training the swiss agents and guards , the facility decontaminated and now being decorated , the swiss government fully supporting beesely .
my cousin has a place in kosovo polje .
the vatican was the hub of political scheming and once he had secured his place there , he had determined to go all the way up to the top .
on his sixteenth birthday frank offered him a place in an outdoors pursuit course .
that first meeting in hereford when he was commended for his bravery and told his place at sandhurst had been provisionally booked for six months time , to give him time to recover emotionally and physically .
she had stayed close and even drove him to some of the psychological and physical assessments prior to him taking up his place at sandhurst .
at that moment , jane crawled into the cockpit and took place in the co - pilot 's seat .
he had occupied a sufficiently influential place in the national assembly that his death had been the subject of headlines for more than a week after his funeral .
assuming your fathers place in the legislature , being drafted into a secret society , and , just tonight , being interrogated at the hands of anarchist bombers .
while she had assumed her rightful place within the corporation upon coming of age , the company 's day - to - day operation continued to be managed by jacob and the other corporate officers .
what a stroke of luck to have him there , a point man already in place to guide the team in .
but a few changes in the army were inevitable and officers loyal to him reaped all the benefits in form of promotions and transfers to desirable places .
shed take out some yummy bofrot from her bag amidst big whoops and shed laugh , assured of her place as the worlds best grandma .
mr . tremon , although he says he barely knows you , robert johnson at your new place of employ seems to think you re innocent of anyfoul play that may have happened here .
the system was nt in doubt , but greens place in it was potentially up for change .
i am considering a proposal , but it would have to be approved by my board , that would allow the loan to remain in place until the potential tenants agreements lapse , or the mall is completed .
its that simple , and i m only staying here until i find a place here in chicago , iesha said as she fixed her make up in a tiny compact mirror .
i would nt trade places with her for anything in the world .
and i regret to inform you it was childs play , the work of a moment to elude the clumsy special forces team put in place to capture me .
it was then that hines played his trump card , if i m not mistaken there may be a place in one of my familys companies that i think would suit your eldest son paul , when he finishes his education next year .
with bills connections , he had managed to get laura a place at a rehab clinic not more than an hours drive from charlottes house but the placement would have to occur the very next day .
she knew she had messed up big time though ; her place at the university was probably gone .
and before you ask , yes , we do have a subcontractor in place to add those tracks .
i have known you a long time now , joe , and i know you would be a great addition to any work place .
they had planned for the possibility of the electronic surveillance failing and hassan knew that assets were in place at the safe house that would allow them to follow him in person .
no , he wants a succession in place in case any thing happens to him and therefore we agreed that my name and frank walters would not be mentioned .
after a year as an undergraduate at the university of michigan , he had won funding and transferred to a place at mit .
you ca n't earn a better place with god than where you are right now .
and now , of course , it is time for the end game , which is , in my view , a necessary step to claim my rightful place at the top of bottled waters hierarchy .
` ` we heard he gave up his place here , but we never heard anything else of what became of him . ''
and she was trying to save for a place of our own , but my uncles pillaging of her wages spoiled that what kind of woman willingly gives her child to a pedophile ?
he had enjoyed this chapel for nearly forty years now , his passion for teaching and speaking earning him a permanent place at the dominican college where they taught the ancient disciplines of theology and philosophy as well as history , social science and ethics .
taro had missed out on a place at the only university he could afford by one measly percentage point .
my father had taken the unheard - of step of inviting me to his fellows quarters to celebrate my being offered a place on the cambridge natural sciences undergraduate course .
she disappears into the corridor that connects the main function room to the kitchen and the office while the young man resumes his place at the bar and gets his pint .
marcus coleman was dead , and his place as head in the natural philosophy wing was wide open .
he did also retain a place as a member of the advisory council , whatever it actually was .
a place at a prestigious university had been a certainty - yale had already offered him an unconditional place - before his accident curtailed any opportunities for purely academic improvement .
a place at a prestigious university had been a certainty - yale had already offered him an unconditional place - before his accident curtailed any opportunities for purely academic improvement .
it would be his secretary - most likely - something that could nt wait at the office : perhaps it had been a mistake to buy an apartment quite so accessible to his place of work .
the council might even give them a place of their own if they were a proper family .
some forgot about what i d done for them and many people that i d helped have risen to very high places in the government .
a major operation is in place to take the organization down , including four teams of special forces on 24 - hour standby .
if you can do what i am about to ask , perhaps you could even earn yourself a place on the president 's team . ''
each spring brought a fresh dream that he 'd finally find his place -- a team with a great offensive line , a brilliant coordinator , talented receivers , everything .
and she looked wonderfully healthy , thanks to her passion for figure - skating , which she practised all through the year at the dynamo ice - stadium and which had already earned her a place on the first dynamo women 's team .
nicknamed le bouledogue - ` ` the bulldog '' - by the french musical establishment , paolo cozmici had famously won his place as conductor of the paris philharmonic by storming unannounced into rehearsals for tchaikovsky 's symphony no .
he 's been guaranteed a place in the internet division when you guys graduate .
tony applied for a place there .
it came as no surprise , therefore , that when kate blackwell telephoned aaron berkley to ask him if he could find a position in his agency for alexandra , a place was found for her instantly .
they ' ve been sent everywhere , mostly throughout germany , but those gifted in foreign languages and with appropriate skills , to other countries , all financed , ready to take their places in carefully selected professions and occupations . ''
the second he had rationalized ; if the woman was in transit , traveling somewhereelse either in a car or by plane , the surveillancemight find itself in a difficult position to place anoverseas call to israel the third omission wasunacceptable , this fourth lapse intoler able !
ever since viktor anatoliyevich bout had been arrested , yevsen had taken his place as the largest and most powerful illegal arms dealer in the world .
' soraya , sudan is far too dangerous for a director to '' ' typhon has an agent in place in khartoum . '
yusef , soraya 's agent in place in khartoum , was a small man with skin the color of thoroughly cured leather .
and if , as she suspected , he was one of arkadin 's people put in place to look out for dimitri maslov 's hit squad , this just might be her lucky day .
it goes under the title of the soldiers , sailors and marines retreat ; the board of directors is already in place . ''
also , there was no mention of the tannenbaum place in the orders !
critz 's last appointment had taken place the previous october , in the final frantic weeks of the reelection onslaught .
if we do n't take this place of prominence that 's rightfully ours , he claims we 'll end up as just another u.s . dependenta large and favored colony at best , but ultimately still slaves to america 's interests . ''
fifth task was to ease his successor into place back home .
they had made it to granther mcgee 's place .
cross - winds battered us as we left the harbour and i glanced behind from my place at the tiller to see the remaining ships of the treasure fleet being assaulted by wind and rain .
` ` i have heard of the chief of spies put in place there by the sublime porte .
` ` none of your business , '' the master of the caravel snarled back from his place near the wheel .
nelson , as they spoke , was in fact taking my place on the rooftop across from scott pearse 's place .
they told him if he spent a year at community college getting his grades up just north of acceptable , they 'd hold him a place on next year 's baseball team .
in that capacity , his first order of business was to reinstate edwin upton curtis to his rightful place as police commissioner .
` ` we have much to do before you can assume your rightful place as my assistant . ''
from the way billy and old quil spoke to sue , it sounded to me like she 'd taken harry 's place on the council .
but she had n't worked her ass off , trained to the brink of killing herself to earn her place with the order , only to throw it away .
it was highly unusual - all but unheard of , in fact - for a female to come through the ranks with the order and be awarded a place as captain of a warrior team .
why send me to learn from the best , if you never intended to give me a place within the order ? ''
it was never good to be offered a place in a wacko organization , especially when you tell them to shove their high ideals and their glorious work .
you maintain your place on the ladder by proving you can repel any threat to it .
you will still be my assistant , and i will keep you in your rightful place ! ''
` ` dis place jus '' right for troll , but for you it freezes der brass monkey , right ?
i was strong enough to take my rightful place as the head of the ashland underworld .
he 'd taken bria 's place down here to get away from me , his troublesome assassin lover , and she 'd assumed his job up in ashland to try to find me , her long - lost sister .
i ' m hoping to expose the dominae 's plan and secure my place as the new leader .
it was the only weapon permitted during the pack challenges , and during the marathon of shapeshifter attacks that earned me my place as the pack 's ` ` beast lady , '' i had gotten very good use out of mine .
you 're a human who is the beast lord 's mate and who now nominally occupies the place of pack alpha .
` ` i 'll find a place for you among my staff , '' lili replied .
wolves were way too confident about their place at the top of the food chain .
` ` i , jessica ann mcclain , will never challenge callum seitheach mcclain for his rightful place as pack alpha of the u.s . northern territories for as long as i live and breathe .
less than a third of the wolves born were beta ; all the rest were alpha , constantly fighting and jostling for their place in line .
you should have taken your rightful place at the head of the council centuries ago . ''
his oldest son , rodin sherrad , assumed his father 's place as master of the coven .
` ` it is very unique , as most other stories about vampires portray them as mere beastly creatures of low class , while your gracious and charming lord ruthven could easily find himself a place in the ton .
winkler had already spoken with the grand master and now they all waited for nathan to wake and place compulsion .
have those vamps place compulsion that you were never there . ''
if i were free to go and was n't worried over my discovery , i 'd go right then , place compulsion on the high commander and find out things for myself .
he 'd been so good - so grateful , even - for the job he 'd been given , and the place he had at the palace .
kiarra offered kifirin and me a place at the island .
wlodek worried that she 'd be offered a place with the saa thalarr , just as they 'd offered with adam chessman .
` ` remember , if you see the little female , place compulsion immediately to do only as you instruct .
` ` and a place as a priest afterward .
` ` we even had someone go to howard graham 's brother and place compulsion to see if he knew anything about any affairs that harriett graham might have had , but he did n't know anything and never suspected her of doing anything like that .
` ` so far , they ' ve either wanted to kill me or place compulsion .
i warn you , i can smell a lie a mile away and if you want confirmation , then i 'll have lissa here place compulsion on you to tell the truth .
` ` lissa , place compulsion on this one to tell the truth , '' weldon said .
` ` and yet you stood there like a dummy and let nyles place compulsion , '' i said .
true , i 'd only even been aware of my place as a smedry for about four months .
` ` indeed , it is a fine day , ezra , '' says i from my place at the tiller .
` ` and thirdly , any questions about your place on this bark , you ask the bo'sun .
there are ten of them and they are some of them the sons of royal navy officers that the captain has taken on as a favor to teach them the ways of the service and the sea , and they are some of them the sons of rich men who have bought their sons a place aboard .
` ` i know it is n't my place to say this , but i think you should consider reapplying for a place at the university .
nadine 's college was offering places on the conference .
as this new judge took his place behind the bench , ezra whispered to me , ` ` judge thwackham is enjoying a long rest at his summer home on the shore at scituate .
he has offered you a place in his home .
i 'd switch places with him .
` ` miss trevelyne , '' i hear mistress say from her place at the head table .
flunking students were n't allowed to repeat a year at fenbrook - competition for places was too fierce .
like most jinn the ifrit can shapeshift , possess , shield themselves with invisibility by stepping into the cloak , conjure with magic and enchantments , and place curses upon lesser beings - although their magic is not as powerful as the marid 's .
` ` i ' ve already spoken with jai and offered you both a place in the guild along with trey . ''
` ` are you offering me a permanent place ? ''
please remit payment by december 15th to the ies office in order to hold your place in the program .
minho was a veteran in this place , a runner .
the payment must be in full , or you shall be put out of this place !
it was further agreed that jim and clementine would go on to boston , and jim would resume his duties at faber shipping , worldwide , while a place for clementine would surely be found .
instead , i focused on the one i had to beat to convince the others i deserved a place on longshot 's team .
` ` after a lengthy debate , we ' ve decided to offer provisional citizenship status to any families willing to comply with the terms , which are as follows : one member of the household , male or female , must volunteer for service and pass basic training , then take his or her place on the active duty list .
` ` he will switch places in seniority with nalizar , '' exton said , ` ` and lose his tenure .
avalon protected my magic now , and took the rightful place as leader of the rebellion .
my father is not the only immortal you should be afraid of until you can secure your place on the throne . ''
kiran flinched at his own words and quickly clarified , ` ` if you can secure your place on the throne . ''
there are only nine places on the council and those have been filled . ''
or start vying for places aboard the craft .
she had tried to find information about a few of the other historians whose destinations had been the relatively recent past , including richard , the friend who swapped places with her and landed in 1853 .
with this suit , no one would question her place as adarlan 's assassin .
arobynn would have flogged her for saving nox , jeopardizing her own safety and place in this competition .
` ` wine for the winners , '' he said , and cain stalked from his place on the sidelines to stand before the king 's table .
in an english household , that would be the place of the head house - mistress , in charge of all the maids .
army major johnston , being the highest - ranking of those officers who have not yet made the crossing , becomes lord of the pollywogs and grandly directs that captain laughton be taken from his place at the head of his table and seated at the foot , where a flagon of ale is poured over his head .
once his place is secure , he will no longer need my uncle alive . ''
` ` henrick offered me a place among his knights , '' konley said .
petra was hunched over a bunch of psych files at our antique dining table , one of the few things she 'd brought from her place in kansas .
i will return to my family 's farm with enough money to pay off our debts , and then i will take my place among my brothers as a shepherd , just like my father before me . ''
turning to my grandfather , i added , ` ` someday we will return to olympus and i will resume my place as goddess of peace and harmony .
she gave half a thought about possibly losing not only her new fella , but also her place in the orchestra , but i quickly pointed out that if she did , then i would jolly well buy her a new one orchestra that is .
she was missing her bert ( the least she could have done was fallen for a cuthbert or algernon ) , and also her place in the orchestra was still waiting , so it was reluctantly agreed that she would depart for cooler climes later that day , after all i now had maria , plus david and his team to look after me , and i also suspected that she was raring to have a go at some serious retail therapy , her new motto , if you ve got it , try and spend it !
sam and joyce had been doing well we got together on the weekends , during one of these visits i mentioned the upcoming expedition , joyce lit up oh what i 'd give for a place on that boat , that would be right down my alley .
he was impressed that he would be given the place of prominence .
my father offered her a place in his house as my wife , and i believe that lord kyule offered for her too .
for your courage you were given a place as king ines adviser .
if we lose the job of world banker we are left only with our weapons , which we must certainly then use if we want to retain a place in the worlds hierarchy .
barney did nt ask for much in his semi - ceremonial role as chairman , but he did insist that zimmermans long - touted satisfaction guarantees remain in place .
at the first word milord turned , looking at the young woman with astonishment ; and when she had finished , he said in very good french , ' madame , i should with great confidence place myself under your protection if the person with whom i quarrel were not my sister . '
bravo , planchette , you are a lass of your word , and if ever you leave your mistress , i will promise you a place in my service . '
and then he would return to his rightful place at the chancellery in berlin as a hero of the third reich .
we ve been offered a two week demo tournament in rio , to pro- mote the game , and then a place in the brazilian masters .
if both riders remained in the saddle , they would be allowed three passes in all and then would take their places back in the paddock .
you had set such store by the tournament , hoping to find knights worthy of a place at the round table .
` ` well , we all know it 'll be a mistake if they do n't give me a place in the special corps , '' eleanor said .
sanjeev sensed his place was to remain quiet and drive .
i am ready now , ca nt take this place anymore , he says .
.. chapter five friday , 10:30 pm jamie slid from his place at the table and pushed himself into a slow roll toward the refreshment counter of the skating rink so that he could get a refill on his root beer .
tanemura funakoshi , from his place in the passengers seat , glanced at the speedometer .
as ever , the casino was a hotbed of gamblers , one exchanging places with the next , however , the people watching proceedings remained the same .
he promoted albo , the assistant , into gomezs place and brought john carvalho , concepcins pilot , across to trinidad .
as priestess of the utala , it is my right to offer you a place among your sisters .
tuesdays chart saw little spirit reach number-17 which guaranteed their place on the show .
along with his pride , he lost his business , his jaguar , his five bedroomed home and alan lost his place at private school .
i get an interview , and bryony lands a place in a posh new school .
for instance , the place of the leader was at the focal point of the cave , to easily oversee everybody and all happenings and to be readily available .
why should i trade places with you ?
about to reach in , he felt reneeke place his hand upon his shoulder and pull him back .
until blake says you are ready for combat i will not allow you to leave again , but when he does i would like to offer you a place as an s class squad leader .
i believed in god , but through folly got in touch with the snake , fell in love with him , but he got me hooked on drugs and got me a place with the bumblebee to cheat mugs .
he had always been the one bringing the biggest loot , and this assured him a more permanent place : the leader after bhai .
it would be good if he could get some insight into the working of the council , in preparation for taking a place on it .
he would nt trade places with that man for anything .
i was given a place as a cowboy in the chorus as a singer and dancer .
on completion of my school years i sat an exam which i passed with flying colours and this gave me a place at cambridge university where i intended to study business and finance .
lance takes todd 's place behind the console .
i , lord vrax of ssarsdale , offer you a place on our circle of sorcerers as an advisor .
return your places in our college !
the other councillors were old men , beyond their time , only securing places on the council at braulors behest for the breadth and depth of their knowledge and experience .
so humvat shut up and ambled along , his mind recalling the events which had led him to shamelessly harangue kinbus for a place in the drama school .
in times past he had slipped away so that a maturing wolf could rise to a rightful place as alpha .
he had not had a chance to acquaint himself with his new place of employment .
you are in training for a place as a counselor , if i am not mistaken .
for twenty - three years she had dreamed of the day she would take her rightful place at the throne of the fire tower .
i will see that he is given a place close - by .
he reinforces the dock area and places scouts in key areas to warn of any attack .
he wanted nothing more than to return to hedenham , and take his rightful place as count , but was this meant as a peace offering , to mend the rift between them ?
i d had her place my order for me , and for an instant , i simply let myself bask in the lovely aroma of freshly made fries and a burger thick enough to bitch slap my arteries into whimpering submission .
` ` we offer her a place within our house . ''
` ` you can not deny the right of a coven to offer a new mother a place and once offered , she is under our protection , ` ` responded the other woman evenly .
i offer a place in our house to the new mother . ` `
` ` as i think you understand , every coven has offered you a place .
some have to be satisfied with a place amongst the lower ranks .
i have made my way here today so that i might , hopefully , find favor with you and be given a place in your royal guard .
it provided a significant barrier between the two territories , which would allow israel , in time , to reassert their proper place as head of the nation .
yet , as the days passed by , abner began to have serious questionings about the new king he had helped place upon the throne of israel .
but if the lord god decrees it , he will bring me safely back to my place upon the throne and on that day shall the crown be placed upon my head again .
had he also had one of david 's wives , well his place as monarch would have been sealed . ''
you could move up , join m - squad , move to another branch , work into one of our training positions to teach and guide the metas here at the minneapolis branch because that s the place for me , guiding the next generation .
father jared had already been offered the place of high priest at the palace , which would make him one of the many advisors to the king .
he had come face to face with his worst fear , a fear that had contributed to him losing his place on the throne .
we will ensure your fathers will be done while you take your rightful place upon the throne .
` ` i 'll be keepin ' me place if it be allowed while ya see the lass off .
men like saint bernard designed the knights templar and set in place nine men to rule over their affairs , spread from scotland to sinai .
there are few men put in such a place of power as to invite the asuras , eternal beings of malice the way archons are eternal beings of virtue .
you want a place in my army ?
success would mean an honoured place , a reasonable amount of wealth , perhaps even marriage to a distressingly tall trojan woman .
i ve known about his ... illness for years , but its not my place to say anything so long as i still want a place in the governors ranks .
something she could use to keep her place in ithans household if her husband should die .
great , now i have a crazy mist conjuring black witch to place on my who wants to kill the wizard enemy list .
i never thought you d place such a low value on yourself .
that he was an oddity , not unlike me ; that he was without a place at court , without sworn brothers earned through blood and fire .
he s just a kid who s good at football- so am i. dyou know his coach offered me a place on the vrc football team ?
the gold in that case is still of no use , coin is simply an intermediary in a greater exchange , whatever feat or work you performed to earn the thousand gold pieces for a place on a boat .
they fell in love , of course , and they left their places in the sky to dance across the earth and over the seas .
and caleb , we would like to offer you a place in the academy as well , as a lore - kin in training .
beatrice at first did not know him , but as his song joined in their lilting chorus , his well loved voice broke the thrall about her and she joyously left her place in the circle and flew into her brothers arms with tears of unspeakable longing and delight .
there he closed his eyes and thought about how he was never going to fall asleep , kept awake by worrying that kyrie was upset , and that maybe she had been right to challenge himmaybe he had accepted this place because that was easier than accepting his calling , his unexpected title .
every day in the united states people find themselves in the unexpected and certainly undesirable place of being homeless .
ulkas new place of assignment was before him now and he did his best not to let out a long sigh .
i know that none of you are stupid , you each earned a place under my command .
at times , matchhead ged had regretted allowing uraod and nilt a place in his army .
sample chapters of the greylands : volume i : prince bryant sat in the common room with two sons of the greater lords of ithamar ; they all had older brothers and very little chance of ever taking their fathers places of import and influence unless their elder brothers succumbed to some mysterious illness or fell in battle .
ill place bids and you can , too .
so , here he is , and she s 3,466 places down the line .
` ` i mean that if you kill galen , that wo n't get you a place in my bed .
` ` i am aware of what cost me my place at court , '' aisling said .
` ` which is why i am quite serious when i tell you that your loyalty places upon me an obligation to protect your family as if it was my own .
` ` do you seek a place on board our boat , brother ? ''
tharkay said passionately , ` ` i wonder if you would speak so if you were forced to endure it wholly alone ; if not only society but all those on whom you might justly have a claim of brotherhood looked upon you with that same disdain , your superior officers and your comrades - in - arms ; if all hope of independence and advancement were denied you and , as a sop , you were offered the place of a superior servant , somewhere between a valet and a trained dog . ''
the alchemists had given him the place , but there was no other stipend involved .
temeraire regretfully recalled when that was granby 's proper place , and none other ; that now forthing occupied that position was too distressful to contemplate long : as though temeraire had come very low in the world , from those first days .
laurence had not troubled himself to inquire regarding his place on the admiralty lists : even more meaningless than his polite fiction of a reinstatement .
competition was stiff for a university place and the honour and privileges an unseen degree could bring .
after some thought , the king wrote to the ruler of ankh - morpork , respectfully asking if carrot could be considered for a place amongst the city 's finest .
what did gilda 's wand do to earn a place here ? ''
` ` it 's time , princess , '' gillivray explained softly , ` ` for you to start thinking about your future among your people - and claiming your rightful place on the throne . ''
they chose those who earned a place among her mother 's guard - and judged those who broke the guard 's rules .
nodding to some of the new guards he 'd put in place since zain 's last escape from this place , bram approached the magical cell with its lone prisoner , rhea .
and i suppose his pride may be hurt , to think that a lowly british captain stands in the place which he had meant to occupy himself . ''
if you had not been chosen , then some marshal or captain would have been set in the same place , and he could not ride away from his charge , were he weary of it or no . '
there had been a huge increase in deluded and distressed people since the supreme custodian had taken over the castle , and the matron midwife was now neither deluded nor distressed enough to merit a place .
he usually got them places on canal boats run by underground crews , never staying in one place for more than a year .
the vehicle continued normally , however , and sazed did n't move from his place in the driver 's seat .
it had n't taken her long to achieve a place in the synod .
the emperor turned from his place beside the prow .
` ` i know what it is like to be denied a place at court , '' sholto said , ` ` because you are not perfect enough to be bedded .
but we will not climb with him , because it was a climb of shame , leaving his rightful place as king at the bottom and marching , shoulders back and head erect , toward his place as prisoner of the kingdom at the top - it would not be kind to follow him or any man on such a walk .
` ` and the bind of the circle means that you 're next in line for suzan 's place . ''
` ` that 's true enough , '' the boy said grudgingly , ` ` but my father was once promised a place amongst the kingsguard .
he offered me a place at starpike .
` ` he is more likely to end up with no position at all ; i am very sorry to hear he should have passed up so good a place . ''
` ` i will ask them , '' he said , and bent over the railing to address one of the more energetic women , who had actually knocked over a rival to secure a place at the boat 's edge for herself and her offspring , a fat boy of maybe two who somehow managed to bear a resigned , phlegmatic expression on his round - cheeked face despite being thrust nearly into temeraire 's teeth .
yongxing watched the boy taken away and nodded to mianning coolly in approval , himself disdaining to move from his place .
i ' m even the camerlengo , which means that if you drop dead , archchancellor , from any cause other than legitimate succession under the dead man 's pointy shoes tradition , i run this place until a successor is elected which , given the nature of wizardry , will mean a job for life , in which case the librarian , as an identifiable and competent member of the senior staff , will try to discharge his duties , and if he fails , the official procedure is for wizards everywhere to fight among themselves for the hat , causing fire , destruction , doves , rabbits and billiard balls to appear from every orifice and much loss of life . '
` ` we will mend the damage that elaida has done , and i will sit in my rightful place as amyrlin .
he could be a sell - sword , coming to ask for a place in the ranks .
aran'gar had fled from her place among aes sedai , foolishly allowing herself to be sensed channeling saidin .
had she lost her place as windfinder to the mistress of the ships ?
though you have done more than enough to earn a place , you have not been chosen .
i will make it my first priority to find her a place as a ladys maid , a position that she so richly deserves after the devotion she has shown to your family , fitzwilliam said .
she went in pursuit of her career but she kept her place in my firm and she expected me to come to her for saturdays and sundays .
perhaps you are still too young to judge but believe me edward , its the greatest need to the place you will hold , you shall need good counsel and true as a man .
my place is to fight shoulder to shoulder with my brothers , and to die on that battlefield if necessary .
because we are of royal birth our place is to stand here out of danger .
yesterday she had leaned towards staying awayher pride rebelling at the thought of being cast as a poor relation , begging for an easy place .
the letter cost her some effort in composition , for she shrank from appearing to beg an easy place in the household .
i m seeking a place in the warband of some chieftain .
i would offer you a place in my warband .
you say you wish to find a place in some chieftains warband , yet you do nt wish to serve a man such as my father .
what makes you so arrogant that you would refuse the offer of a place in his hall ?
then symmes took up his well - rehearsed monologue about the wealth he 'd witnessed , stories of potential trade that had earned him a place at many a merchant 's table .
and since all appointments of salary and place depended on his word alone , no career or fortune was truly secure .
hawksworth had arrived and been granted a place near nadir sharif and arangbar .
but the position of elephant keeper was a coveted place of great responsibility .
still , i think ill place the wager .
ioanis , ever the faithful friend , and now older , informed me that he wanted to retire soon , but i persuaded him to postpone his decision until his successor and son was ready to take his place in the business .
the young priest left his place at the table and stepped aside toward elisha , who indicated gehazi - by a hand turn- to go away .
i would like to help with the cost of georges schooling and when he is ready to take up a place at the technical college he can stay with me during the term times and come back here for the holidays mrs owen took a handkerchief from her pocket and dabbed at the tears which had sprung to her eyes .
with a more capable and enthusiastic performance at basic training , i might have been offered a place in the conscripts officer training course at scheyville .
he had been offered a job in the provincial government , and depending upon how the september elections went , he might have a place in the new national government .
he clung to maggie , to hold her as if she were the anchor that kept him moored in his rightful place , far from prison and the hovering presence of death .
i believe he is a lien holder and has renters already in place .
with that , the captain left his frustrated young lieutenant with nowhere to direct his anguish at being denied his rightful place .
although her place of work was only a few blocks from her apartment , by the time tatum made it home her head was wet with perspiration , as was the rest of her body .
he offered her a place as his house keeper for as long as they stayed in auckland .
while not born into a place of leadership in the apache tribe , his craftiness and his intelligence as well as his fearlessness and hatred of both the mexicans and the americans had let him rise to the position of war chief .
with your skills , i m sure you can find a place in any of the hospitals and help send our boys back to battle .
it was jude she had to ride out to take care of , to make sure he did nt cross her sisters so badly , he lost his place on this ranch .
scotts got a place at the university to study engineering .
given his place on the board of the huguenot business league , he might be especially engaged in any business response .
she was happy to pull a few strings to get catherine a place as a boarder .
servius had done this so many times , and every time he 'd come back determined to make the process automatic next time ; to have deputies already in place , to have lists of provisions drawn up and ready , to have each century know exactly where to assemble , and its order in the march .
they competed for a place at his table at cards , counting their losses as gains ; they took his tips on races , blaming the horse not the tip when it came in last ; and they praised his business acumen , ignoring the fact that the advice he handed out seldom proved beneficial to anyone but himself .
some day you shall take your place at the head of this church , which is your patriarchal right and duty .
your shadow cabinet is already in place here , on the off - chance that congress ever decides on the presidency .
he did nt have the heart for battle and she imagined that her father had been more than happy for him to find a place of prestige among philips advisors , seeing as he was married to her sister .
captain wyatt done got hisself a place in london .
competition to join the sturmritter was intense and every year men died during the fierce tournaments that served as auditions for young men seeking to earn fame and a place amongst the elite .
in ishan 's case , protecting his life also means protecting his place as leader of the council .
after finishing with ishan , peter would move on to drain simon in order to completely seal his place of leadership .
` ` when i was human , i held a place on the roman senate in the last days of the republic .
harden passed over a business card and said , might be able to find a place for you on the team , if you re interested .
he did what he had to do to grow close to me - to ensure his place on my throne .
a bit down the food chain from alan , but ill probably get a place on the band because of this .
he had come up with a way , he claimed , for the roman infantry to have a place at sea .
when will return to the village and me i will depose the scepter of the command , will be natural , seen the power and the ability that will have acquired in that years , that the place of head is up to by law you !
when bishop johnson informed me he had accepted her application for a place in our enclosure , i understood that her skills and knowledge made her an asset to us but expressed to him that her personal traitsshe was a very attractive single woman who clearly was not religiousmight not fit with our ward .
i made it clear to him i was not religious and i had no intentions of converting to mormonism , but if i was allowed a place in his ward , i would volunteer at least 30 hours a week of my time setting up wireless cell phone and satellite communications for his ward and the lds church .
` ` my father is a renowed man , he can die for his respect , and can also make someone else to , my elder brother fall in love with a girl who was at his college , they both decided to get married but the biggest obstacle was , she was a muslim and my father was an orthodox christian and so he eliminated both of them from the place , i liked him the most though he teased me some times , but then also he was the best man in the world , enjoying his life . ` `
` ` he never at least try to think rather than coming first i am afraid that if he would by chance came second also then he will be directly taking a place in asylum '' goku said and we gave a brimming smile on it .
i had secured a place in a renowned and prestigious new england university , my first desired choice , my whole life ahead of me .
his place is on the command deck , but grief had overtaken him , so he had slipped into his office to give a final farewell to his beloved flora .
so immense was his concern for her that he even offered her a place in scotland where she could start her life over again if that s what she wanted .
he 's going to offer me a place at his practice tonight .
constable neary surveys his audience and then goes on from his place in stan pelky 's middle barber chair , speaking weightily , speaking judicially , speaking psychologically , all from the depths of his high school education ( neary is a big , beefy man , and in high school he mostly made touchdowns for the tarker 's mills tigers ; his classwork earned him some c 's and not a few d 's ) .
like me , shirley had just finished her shift and steff colucci had taken her place at dispatch .
` ` this is unpardonable , dervish , '' lord loss mutters from his place at the chess boards .
hank albert has got a place in waterford , true , but when he came back from signing the papers he looked like a man wearing a happy mask .
in other states , they might offer him a permanent place in one of the government areas for shapeshifters , but nevada , like most of the western states , still has varmint laws on the books .
his own place was as spear - carrier , third from the left , no lines , recognized only by his mother .
judge farris was voted a place on the committee in absentia .
he turned to study the silver lady , back in her place on the carousel , now needing only to have her post bolted securely into place .
people eyed him and some of them shuffled , but no one wanted to lose his or her place in line .
` ` were thinking of putting all the college admissions requests onto spreadsheets so we can see how many accept a place , you know . ''
the situation will be very serious so i would think that there will be a commissioner in place fairly smartly to sort things out with the council .
then , having found it difficult to get a decent job , i settled on the one place that would take me in ; i got a job as a parking attendant .
her place is in harlem , so we go to mawmaws for lunch this afternoon , a pre - wedding meal .
i might have a place in show business with you .
but with richard gone and bryan struggling with some strange infatuation with olive ( he was unable to concentrate on basic job tasks because he was consumed by olives pregnancy and being there for her ) , me handing in my notice would put the whole place in a lurch .
if you lose your job or if you 'd like to do something more interesting with your life , i might be able to find you a place at my office .
my father , she uttered , earned his place in the business world through honesty and integrity .
i have worked hard and a place on the board is surely due to me , but '' , his eyes narrowed , ` ` anderson has his knife in me and he is pushing for watkins , the technical manager down there , to get it . ''
drade had never been into the clef , but had frequented base since his mid - twenties , assuming the membership from his uncle george , who used to use it as a place away from his place in the boltons .
after all , harris has only just qualified for residency and its always a little tricky to find ones place at first .
i could put a sign on the reliquary in the temple that said , for forgiveness , place talisman here .
a small freckled - faced red haired boy then stood up and begged our clever and pretty chairperson to read her proposal to us , and was later rewarded for his initiative with a place on the executive council of the group .
rumours from advocates that dave and some of his colleagues had with the client , food united group , suggested that a new management team would be in place soon and that they d be starting with a massive cost cutting exercise .
goon had been the first , andthrough loyalty and dedication more than actual aptitudehe had earned his place as the right hand of the diabolical doctor baby .
he was also a career man of forty years with the same place of employment , and to achieve great things in that most banal of circumstances is a tribute to his optimistic human spirit .
gale and gwen noticed that both constantine and henric had climbed into the cars carrying small tote bags with charleston place hotel machine embroidered on the side , and they wondered what was in the bags .
even without any of that , and strictly regarding alan padgett , it would ' ve been bloody nice to have nabbed the wretched man after you got him all the way to exactly the place you 'd picked out to nab him in , right when you had a team in place .
when i reached twenty - one i was given a partnership in the company , and a place on the board .
this was the mantra of every adult who made recommendations for my unforeseen future : aunts , uncles , grandparents , all of those whose careers were either finished or firmly in place tried to save me from a life of fiscal uncertainty .
the guys wardrobe consists of random work shirts from previous places of employment : pane - less window installation , l & m contractors , homestead carpentry he seems to have a different work shirt for every day of the month .
a passenger was about to take his rightful place on the throne when the lump of flaming porridge shot out of the bowl , but he managed to leap away in time .
the gob of porridge shot straight up through the fuselage and ripped through a toilet just as a passenger was about to take his rightful place on the throne .
to richardsons astonishment he heard that funding was already in place to teach core subjects in five languages , and that this enriched the tapestry of diversity as well as making those young citizens ( if and when they became citizens ) who could not speak our language feel at ease in their own cultural enclave .
percentage wise , related to the whole population , most university places were taken by ethnic minorities .
one gobbet punched its way through the fuselage of a passing 747 and shot through a toilet just as a passenger was getting ready to take his rightful place on the throne .
he does however offer jon a place as his advisor .
he nodded solemnly to her while walking backwards to resume his place behind the counter .
if i kept living i could at least garner a reputation as a tortured artist , and maybe even get a place on the college speaking circuit , for having done something so outrageous as having jumped from the moon , plus being the first person not sponsored by the government to make it to the moon .
christ , i hope she s not about to offer me a place here .
charlotte was campaigning for a place in the convent , and sister helen was helping .
now they ve written to offer you a place in the 1971 intake .
johns grades assured him a place at a university , far from his home , which meant he had to stay in halls of residence .
thinking is what gets you places here .
whenever you decide to come back , i will find you a good place in the corporation .
slowly , i rotated the zoom , pushing into the girl as she stood above the rest of us like a true heroine , comfortable in her place at the top of the world .
other girls streamed into london , struggling for places in the more glamorous law firms and banks where the pickings were richer .
i ve secured you a place at kings college , he said .
joseph eventually wound up in egypt , where his ability to correctly interpret visions earned him a place in the pharaoh 's court , paving the way for his family 's later settlement in egypt when they got in trouble elsewhere .
we already knew that nozam was told that he could keep his place on the board of his fathers motor dealership as long as he kept his mouth shut .
it is unbelievable as the people with which you share the place of employment individualizes your states of mind and your moments of difficulty with phenomenal intuition .
the dollar has started not to be worth anything , places of employment are jumped , the purse has gone to peak , they are bankrupt even the banks and the american population has entered the panic !
david heavily snored on the bunk close to mine , to the place of command you / he / she was installed , not without arousing perplexity the admiral emanuele pollo .
what made it all so difficult was that dounia received a hundred roubles in advance when she took the place as governess in their family , on condition of part of her salary being deducted every month , and so it was impossible to throw up the situation without repaying the debt .
the benchwarmers yielded their places on the bench to the starters , and tracy sat with the four seniors .
her options looked like few , as many places had a lot of requirements that she was sure she would nt be able to accommodate .
max said , please do nt say that you found a place in another school district , mr . greenwood .
two points were n't enough to earn his place on the line , but it made him feel better about standing on their court .
the final patient was one of cooleys kitchen assistants , a pfc who had taken his place at the end of the line .
* later that afternoon , on monday , february 15 , i drove an hour north of la jolla to the rejuve storage site in the city of fallbrook to sign some documents and watch them place evelyn in her permanent cryonic chamber .
she had not gone on to explain about her years of being affectionately called loves fruit , a young lady firm and sweet , since her place as papas apple was none of her attendants concern .
i hear tell that you mean to seek a place on the council .
numerous alarmed and jaded mundayne soldiers chose to give up their places in the military , stating that their wages were nt worth the countrys infighting , and little did many other nations know yet that mundas notorious army had rapidly dwindled in size , as well as in funds .
choosing his first job at oracle from among the offers , then quickly realizing he d be happier at the next place .
graham ; a wellingtonian ; had been forced to escape the bigger city the hidden face of his marriage a private humiliation and in doing so , had perhaps left behind the fruits of the major centre the chance of an academic position , a place in the surgical college hierarchy , and the revenue of a metropolitan private practice .
he picked up his laptop and started writing the mail to the boss : dear sir , as i begin to tell you what changes i expect in the place i work , i am forewarned of the peril of the exercise .
having a comparatively lanky stature barry generally found himself placed on the wing ; a frustrating place as generally the ball would get passed down the line but swap directions travelling back the way it had come right before reaching him .
i have no eye for such matters ; and had i a place of my own , i should be most thankful to any mr . repton who would undertake it ; and i should never look at it till it was complete . ''
left with very little money to continue even their then - meager existence , the widowed mother took durga to the house of a wealthy uncle of distant relation , who was a reputable solicitor , begging him to give them both a place in his household .
the veterans administration got him a place over at chelmsford arms .
now however , dinah was safely installed at her sisters place in queensland and robert found himself faced with several more mountains of stuff .
nonsense , son , you ve earned a place at my table this week , the old lawyer responded for his daughter , after what i ve put you through , its the least we could do .
only a few hours before , she had contentedly imagined a future suited to her wishes : in a year or so she would become the most approved juliet of the time : or would proceed by gradual steps to her place in the opera , while she won money and applause by occasional performances .
he says , tell mother she has put out an advertisement for a jolly good hard - working son , and i offer myself for the place .
wearing a team jersey that he s fetched from his backpack , he darts onto the field to take his place on the seven - person squad .
it would fund a place on a london university postgraduate course .
they occupy 7 % of all school places in the elementary and secondary levels of the us .
in fact by the end of the week i had them avoiding me altogether and could empty out the normally crowded common areas of my place of work just by passing in front of an open door .
he 's fixed him a place there .
just get me a place in mias section okay .
anyway , the latest chapter is nt written yet , what we found out late last night : that until wuthertons new payment arrangements to the firms suppliers are in place , then the power company wo nt guarantee the electricity supply ; and it turns out that without this assurance they re not insured .
so i tell you what ill do , ill place a call directly to his office then you re out of the loop .
so beautyman chose another place to start that he felt might get him onto common ground with the sheriff : watchdog .
if there is no legal head of the company in place to rescind this bond , the money could vanish altogether .
she seduced roland , helped place collonia 's people in key places at techtron .
if tyana beats two golds she would be white , the highest of all and would get an automatic place on the ruling council .
we need to know if we have the next round of funding in place .
she thought another two years of hard work would get her a place on the team .
i talked to the master , he was the only one who spoke english , and gave him some story about running away and wanting a place on a ship .
i 'd butter him up , kiss his ass , make out like he was a big fart and even if bucky gave him his old job back there 'd still be a place for me .
as i remembered bernice thorton from bettys impression of her in the past , i hoped that her i - cant - do - a - thing hand - wringing would nt , in the long run , lead to me having to lug a probably heavy trunk out to her place in timnathbecause , i generalized , bernices young nephew would be unreliable , would miss appointments , would nt show up on time ; i d have to wait for hours to no avail and then , in the end , would take the trunk out to her anyway !
he told bulmer a little about his parents , where they lived and that he had worked hard to get a place at the college .
those who had completed their a levels faced an anxious few weeks until their results were known ; results that would either confirm or deny a place at university .
` ` i ' ve got my post - grad place at york , '' said gill .
but , eventually i 'd probably get a place in georgetown or maybe someplace in florida for the sake of convenience .
mama always said i was lucky , because i was a sagittarius , but if this was lucky , i would gladly trade places with a capricorn .
take ernies place at third base .
but there s a system in place at the double t ranch to monitor the cattle and protect them from rustlers , is nt there ?
ill take mary margarets place .
enough to put her in a good place .
they risked their places doing so -- the master or mistress might want them at a moment 's notice -- but they seemed content to take the chance .
maybe she could find a place in the private sector , maybe .
hywel was one of several lords who offered me a permanent place in their teulu .
some of the drivers had already taken their places behind the wheel .
he had had an operation and the problem was fixed , but having a heart condition meant that he was once and for all deprived of a place on the police force .
when managers began raising questions , connolly , fixed in place as the bureau 's authority on all things bulger , came armed with his fbi files discounting any possible link between the gangster and drugs .
his place at the plaza was calling his name , and he was pretty much ready to f**k her in every room in his suite .
turned out that a philosophy degree did n't really get you places in kansas city .
i joined the marines out of high school , so i never had a place . ''
they had to be careful not to flaunt it because the company kind of frowned on office place romances but this was ` ` a love that neither one of them could deny '' according to them .
but nina , lexie , they did n't have a man or someone in their life that had a job that put them in that place .
ripper had n't lost his place in the club for being with her , but he had to prove to them he was being serious about them .
i ' ve worked for him for a year , but before then i had other people in place to watch him .
jacob moved in beside me and i waited with bated breath as the driver took his place behind the wheel and started the car .
but he did n't need a scholarship , and he did n't want to use up a place that could have been given to a more unfortunate student - one who was n't blessed with his financial circumstances .
his father may find me a place with one of his other businesses , or i may have to start sending out my resume .
since his place at mmw was handed to him , he had no experience on how to act properly , and felt uncomfortable approaching strangers and asking them for work .
he had taken the eleven plus the previous year and was luckier than sylvia , he had a place at the local grammar school .
after that there would be college , then graduate school , and then he would take his father 's place at the gazette .
every facet of my life had been preordained and everything that had happened in it had prepared me to take my place as a celestial guardian , a protector of earth , its realms and its universe .
i should remember my place as an archangel under gods direct orders .
the thought that there might soon be new management in place , and she may be forced to move , had her good mood waning .
i knew she was grooming me to take her place at the head of the council .
you 're going to need it , '' i say , and place michaels glass of water in front of him but pay care to not be anywhere near the laptop he is working with .
he turned to leave the room and was almost to the door when she said , i ca nt allow this marriage to take place , ritcherd .
he thought back to the time when he had visited the grieving family , concerned that lewis had not yet accepted his place at summer camp , and even more so , by marys obvious indifference .
it was his haven , and it had been so long since that bastard , joseph owerth , had convinced those weaklings on the council to oust him from his rightful place .
of course , if nate had taken that place he got offered at the firefighting academy , they would nt have had a problem .
the decision to keep nate and georgie separate was easier said than done however , and by the time exams were over and university entrance places submitted , the pair had devised numerous creative methods to get around the ban , be it at school , the library or even in the exam preparation classes .
with the impressive kill of a challenging lion , rumor is , he has cemented his place as chieftain .
soupy had been serving time on the third and fourth lines so far in his stint with the storm , and he had nt really earned a place on a higher line yet .
she wanted chad to take jacks place at the head of the board table .
while jack and ernie were starting first grade , maria also needed a place for vickie , and cals wife was looking at returning to the work force part time , so the need for a half - day onboard service was becoming apparent .
` ` no one wanted to know him in oz but your dad somehow heard about him and offered him a place here . ''
he enjoyed school and his teachers had high hopes that alex would win a free place at a local grammar school .
his mother suggested that he might become a teacher , but alex knew that his parents could nt afford to send him to grammar school or university and that free places were seldom offered to village children .
the letter congratulated alex on successfully gaining a free place at blaydon grammar school .
so he d cleaned his mess and got in the real world , fought for a place with the best of them .
he s been grooming me to take over the company and to assume my rightful place as ceo of la boulangerie savant .
i d place my chances with you , ian said as kira dug into her breakfast .
he had his final exams to concentrate on ; he could n't take up his place at almkvist 's unless he came away with a good degree .
the audience of teachers who had done their best to make the curriculum interesting as well as draconian ; the parents who were guiltily relieved that their daughters got good points and university places ; the pupils who could n't wait for the school holidays ... everyone was praying for it to be over .
freda loved books , and felt she had everything she ever wanted when she got her library certificate and was lucky to find a place as an assistant at the local library .
her place as his assistant was here .
the doctor said you could n't put any weight on your foot over the next few days so that ruled out your place , '' he said .
if they were to have a king in america , he 'd be first in line , so it stood to reason , he 'd need a place fit for royalty .
just that week , i 'd asked her a simple question about an order i 'd had her place for circular knitting needles and she 'd yelled at me , saying she was a responsible adult and i 'd made her feel like a child .
the boy larry had assisted in securing a place at the art institute in san francisco .
it is our opinion as a body that george penhallow is not a fit successor to the place of consul .
perhaps it is my sin of hubris , which put charlotte branwell in the place she now occupies and from which she devils me .
` ` do n't let her do it , '' cal said from his place at the dispatch desk .
when he did earn that coveted place at mr . lark 's right hand , he was going to have to teach the man that money was n't everything .
ye then bedded her once , and no doubt left her to her own devices after that , without a word of praise to let her know that ye were pleased with her , or - knowing you - any sort of direction as to her place at donnachaidh .
` ` according to the will , you ' ve got a couple of weeks to take up your place at the resort .
arriane and annabelle were taking their old places as archangels .
she 'd hoped that moving back to seattle and starting her own show would somehow fill that empty place inside of her , but she had n't been so lucky .
nathan will go through all the motions , but as soon as caldwell places that call , he 's going to land the plane .
but by that time , i would assume she 'd lose her place at harvard .
never thought to step in and buy them out from the management he had in place .
` ` what if i resumed my place as a servant in your household ?
jesu , he 'd even offered her a place in the montgomery clan .
it was doubtful bowen 's offer of a place in his clan , firmly under the montgomerys ' protection , was still in place , but perhaps he would see fit to place her in an abbey as she 'd first requested .
it was doubtful bowen 's offer of a place in his clan , firmly under the montgomerys ' protection , was still in place , but perhaps he would see fit to place her in an abbey as she 'd first requested .
he 'd once promised her a place within his clan , as a montgomery .
` ` ha , i win , '' clay said from his place atop the pit - row wall at the defunct speed demon racetrack .
first sandy and now catherine , both so eager to make a place in their chosen profession ... . no , he was n't going to dwell on it .
you ' ve manipulated her and used her eagerness to earn a place in our clan to further humiliate her . ''
the man had earned a place as the head of a powerful group of people .
she needs something to work toward , and while i 'd rather she be pushing herself to become well enough to take her place among the theronai , i wo n't complain about her choice of motivation .
` ` you need someone to handle the staff and place orders .
woods had given him a place on the board of directors at the club .
` ` oh , yes , there were caretakers , housekeepers , and butlers , all of them put in place by your father to keep things running just enough to stop them from falling into disrepair . ''
if not , you would already be out looking for another place of employment .
if hecould , paen wouldmakeherride her own horse , butit was his place to train herin the areasshe waslacking .
i ca n't help wondering if i was denied a place at garrison , inc . because i knew about my father 's affair with cassie 's mother and had the balls to call him on it . ''
with one more good weekend , he 'd practically be guaranteed a place on the big tour , even if he rode poorly in the events that followed .
gavin had been the one to pay for dex 's college and offer him a place in the family .
she 'd been in place for almost nine months and had big plans for changing the way black oak oil did business .
he 'd taken that place a long time ago and he was n't giving it up .
i 'd gone to him yesterday to ask him when i would get to move on from management to take my place as a vice president of kerrington country clubs .
years later , when stephen 's father had died back east in philadelphia , he had with the greatest reluctance made the decision to return to take his place in the family shipbuilding business .
as for her dissertation , she had enough research to complete it , and once it was defended , she was reasonably certain that the sociology department of severn would find a place for her as a fulltime instructor .
that way , when you do get moved over to the business desk , you 'll already have someone in place to take over as ms .
if i ' m to take my rightful place on the throne , i have to look like the grieving brother , the savior coming home after the tragic deaths of my brother , his fiancee and his bastard children . ''