in reality , he 'd probably been sleeping or looking at a weed , but the picture did n't know that and she smiled as she continued looking .
she had been ten when she had learned that the scary - looking men who knocked on their doors late at night were never there to deliver pizza but were instead asking for payment for weed .
the less we buy for the tour , the more weed i can get .
` ` chewie , the accountant says you could make an ounce of weed an hour . ''
` ` damn , '' he said , shaking his head , ` ` that 's a lot of weed .
she handed the album cover to chewie , who plopped down on the couch opposite me and immediately went to work breaking up a variety of weed strains on the album cover and then rolling it all up into a blunt .
judging from the way his bandmates went through weed like bags of mandms , i 'd always assumed he did too , but this was the first time i actually saw him doing it .
i froze , the thought of weed raced through my mind before i remembered that it was legal in colorado .
there was a mess of clothes on the ground , a bag of weed on the table , and chewie 's ghost detector lying on the couch , but no one was around .
` ` uh , no , thanks , '' i replied , feeling a little awkward about my grand entrance over what was apparently just some weed smoke .
i do n't care if you smoke a little weed now and then , but if you 're ever caught with anything harder than that - and you 're always caught - i 'll drop you immediately .
` ` terrell jones , and i ' m only in here because i bought a bag of weed off the wrong guy .
not only is he constantly smoking weed , apparently he 's growing the stuff as well . ''
` ` do you know anyone who has access to belladonna or jimson weed ? ''
i much prefer pg tips over jimson weed , believe me . ''
they 'll not let you bring jimson weed on the airplane .
maybe i did want him to be someone other than a weed dealer .
had to fire a friend 's son from my crew because i caught him smoking weed , so i was n't in the best of moods anyhow .
but even as she sympathized with him , the weed twisted tighter in her gut with the reminder - the reminder that came in the tortured look on his face , and the acid in his tone - that he was still so easily affected by the past .
actually , since west was always so abrupt with me , i liked the idea of him stuck on a riding mower for hours a few times a month , but something told me that jordan would be all about seeing varo shirtless and weed whacking .
i smiled and waved back , putting down the weed whacker .
there 's more to being in a successful mc than screwing and smoking weed all day , i have to remind myself .
these days i mostly just stick with weed .
i had done my share of weed , but i eventually gave in to the temptation of coke .
and no , we wo n't be drinking , smoking weed or having sex . ''
` ` mom found your weed stash , huh ?
` ` and then we will immobilize you with this lovely weed you made available to us . ''
why the hell would you want that toxic weed , anyway ? ''
the rumor that dakota smokes a lot of weed is not so much rumor as fact .
she just sat up on the hill , smoking weed most of the time . ''
i threw down the weed whacker and screamed out loud .
we walked past a run - down house with people spilling out the front door , smoking weed and talking loud over the music .
this was the guy who did n't give a toss about anything unless it was a pair of boobs or a bowl pack of weed .
he had spent most of his time numbing them with weed and booze .
i grasped the weed in my hand as if it were an anchor .
as for the girls , a few of them have grass hula skirts - whether vampire provided or not , i do n't know - but as expected , i am the only person not showing any real skin .
this was their home , and , out here , i was the intruder - the weed .
he does n't answer for a minute , then says , ` ` so far , i get that you think i smoke too much weed and that mom is a bitch who does n't love you .
` ` i do n't think you smoke too much weed and mom does n't love me .
` ` are they here buying weed ? ''
` ` we walked half a mile through the creepy woods to watch them buy weed ? ''
the smell of weed lights up the room with its bitter scent .
he winks over at skyla as the stench of weed envelops us in a cloud .
the stench of weed wafts over , thick like a cloud , but i do n't let the company impede my inter - dimensional rant .
` ` smoking weed ? ''
she tosses a bag of weed onto the coffee table and turns to drew .
then she turns to the rest of the room and tells us we better lighten up because she 's sick of all the angst and she 's not wasting good weed on ass**les .
i was surprised brett rizzoli had a job , seeing as he spent his high school years , and a number after them , on a mission of scoring the best weed in order to smoke it .
she was n't drinking , smoking cigarettes and weed , snorting coke , scoring crack and falling to pieces .
he did n't pop pills but he smoked weed and snorted coke when he had the money to buy it .
` ` i remember a time when we did n't have homicides and the only drug around was weed . ''
he smokes weed .
` ` i need my weed . ''
` ` you can stay here and stay off the weed or you can go out there and take your chances .
you 'd never know weed was legal in california , mainly because where i was from ; it was all about the harder drugs .
yeah , seriously , just walk downtown , weed shops everywhere .
coping to him was another word for weed .
` ` looking for my weed . ''
why would your weed be in the cabinet ? ''
` ` nothing too bad , just some weed here and there . ''
maybe it was the weed , but even jen began to ease up on bray some .
and smoking weed became a rare recreational thing for me . ''
maybe it was the weed and the alcohol , but before too long i was talking to camryn about , of all things , tampon brands and eventually the best kind of shampoo .
i do n't remember doing anything last night except gin and weed .
looking up at me , her pupils dilated , i can tell the weed has affected her , even though it was a small amount .
` ` so you say she 's never done drugs before , then decided to do weed and cocaine all in one night ? ''
he nods in a duly noted way and i add , ` ` but i think the weed impaired her judgement enough to do the blow .
she was worried about the weed in her system , so i do n't know why she would ' ve ... '' i shrug .
mom would work most nights because it was better money , and the dropkick i called dad would spend most of that money on weed and booze , drowning out the mess that was his life .
` ` dealing weed . ''
nice to see you on your feet , son , but lay off the weed .
and sure enough , as she looked past the skinny , happy - looking guy between the jambs , she saw two different bongs , a plastic bag full of weed , and enough lighters to start a bonfire on a pitted coffee table .
but anecdotal evidence suggested the two guys had lived on the fringes , and not because they were hippies : guns , knives , a switchblade , weed , and some x had been found in their various pockets .
i could smell the weed as soon as i walked in , so she was probably smoking and relaxing in her bed , which was always preferable to a drunken rage .
` ` runaway train '' was her go - to song when she scored a dime bag of weed .
` ` all i smelled was weed .
` ` i was addicted to cocaine and weed . ''
` ` cocaine and weed ? ''
` ` evan , stop smoking the weed .
better than taking him to amsterdam and getting him some weed and prostitutes . ''
` ` you guys were n't high on weed .
he only used to smoke some weed , but braydon got him hooked .
he said that noah was talking all crazy , took the drugs from him and made some comments about flying , but supposedly braydon then went to go and get some more weed from his car .
not doing any hard stuff , just smoking some weed , but i guess you could say i was in the wrong place at the wrong time .
i thought we had just gone down for some good weed , i did n't think all that was going down . ''
from what i could tell , i could see a bag of weed and a bag of cocaine , and there were pills in the other bags .
` ` i got to smoke some pretty dope weed . ''
` ` weed is not drugs , '' anna stated , but i decided to ignore her .
cars , trucks and motorcycles lined both sides of the street ; groups , mostly men with a few hookers thrown in , congregated on the sidewalks , some smoking weed , some buying harder drugs .
and what do we care if jed smokes weed ?
` ` we could find something a lot more relevant than weed . ''
but it sounded as if they had weed , meth or other drugs .
they smoke weed and everything .
i have smoked weed .
who 'd left college to pursue alternative education , and a boyfriend with a brilliant , tortured mind who smoked weed and scribbled poetry on church walls , park benches , cars , and her own hungry soul .
it reeked of weed in here , so courtney could be cheating like crazy and these people were so baked they 'd never notice .
everything i own reeks of weed . ''
she packed a bag and took off in the middle of the night with the town 's biggest weed dealer .
there were no screaming bettors , no thumping electronic music , no smell of weed and booze , and the heavy desperation and greed that always seemed to perfume the air in the club was missing .
` ` i can get sophie some good weed .
i 'd drunk liquor that night , smoked some weed , and had sex , all for the first time .
i 'd spilled out the sex thing and the drinking thing and the weed thing and when i was done vomiting my sins , she 'd merely replied , ` ` i was asking about why you did n't call me last night like you promised , but now that i know you ' ve done all that , i think it 's time for the pill . ''
maybe they all have cancer and it 's just weed i ' m delivering .
i open my mouth , fully intending just to tell her weed , but the truth comes out .
there 's a joint burning from an ashtray on a table near a leather couch , and the air is laced with the pungent stench of weed .
` ` i think it might be the weed talking , because i promised myself i was n't going to bring it up , but now i suddenly feel like i need to . ''
i can smell the pungent scent of weed and his eyes are a little red .
the entire place reeks like cigarette smoke mixed with weed and it throws me back to a place i do n't necessarily want to forget , but that i do n't like to remember either .
not just like weed or cigarette smoke , but like garbage , rotting food , dirt , grime , sweaty people , and there 's this really musty smell , like a humidifier is on nearby , yet i ca n't see one anywhere .
at least if it were weed , but delilah told me on the phone that they were into meth now .
i thought maybe my feelings for him would have changed , that maybe last summer was just an illusion built around weed , but it 's not .
` ` nova , i ' m pretty sure that was the weed that let you talk openly like that , not me . ''
` ` you did weed for like what ?
i mean , i remember what happened when i tried weed four months after i stopped doing drugs ... and you did really hard stuff ...
but i start to hack when my lungs burn and realize it 's not weed that i just smoked , but something else - something way more potent .
` ` and i had an interview tonight but how am i supposed to leave mason with you when you 're high and smoking weed in the house ? ''
the trailer that we live in is fairly clean , although it does smell like cigarette smoke and weed .
i wanted to jerk back , but when he put enough weed into my pocket that if i get caught i ' m probably going to be screwed , then proceeded to tell me that i needed to sell it by the end of the day or else i ' m out of the house , i remembered everything i 'd lose .
she 's uneasy , out of her element , as she reaches into her bra , pulls out a bag of weed , and tosses it onto the table on top of the chip pile .
` ` nice , '' roy says , eyeing her br**sts and the weed while dougford nods in agreement .
that 's too much weed to deal without some heavy consequences . ''
it makes me wonder who the f**k these guys are exactly that they 'd need that much weed .
smoke encircles around me , a potent snake that stings at my nostrils and smells like weed , sweat , and various different alcohols .
` ` i still have some of preston 's weed on me .
i fixed myself a tomato sandwich sprinkled with salt , pepper , and just a dash of dill weed .
but though i felt like i 'd just smoked a pound of weed , i found the strength to say something else .
humans who smoked heavily , had n't bathed in a couple of days , and one who 'd been partaking of weed .
i just smoke a little weed now and then , that 's all .
sawyer held up his thumb and pointer together , which meant , i have weed .
` ` alcohol and weed .
true , grayson was the live wire in the family , the adrenaline junkie who would do anything on a dare , who 'd gotten in trouble in the past year for smoking , drinking , weed , speeding , skipping school - mr . hall had spilled it all to me while we were flying .
the trash sat outside : the boys invited by popular girls because they might bring weed .
i loved my job at the library , but i got fired when they caught me with weed .
it was nt my weed .
one of them hid his weed in my book bag and then forgot about it .
he had come home to live with his parents and ` ` get his head together '' ( translation : ` ` smoke a lot of weed '' ) after the aforementioned untimely removal from the institution of higher learning .
he fished a rolled joint and a lighter out of the loose weed .
when she was home on break from college one year , she ran into an incredibly high ben , and she assured me it was n't from weed .
he was over to the rattrays ' trailer last night to buy him some weed , and denise drove up like she wanted to kill someone .
gosh , even the elderly lady who 'd given my gran a permanent three times a year would have done a better job than the mad weed whacker .
he could have been smoking weed in the mountains of sint pieter for the past three months , watching his face on the news .
i think it 's from too much sun ... and weed .
use too much weed and it 's just wasteful - too little and you defeat the purpose .
he had nothing better to do than follow us around - breaking up our beer bashes , pulling billy 's car over and searching it for weed .
there 's a few bags of weed , a carton of marlboro reds , and two bottles of tequila .
have i mentioned that weed makes kate horny ?
he had made a new group of friends from the garage who were all about partying , drinking , smoking weed and having sex .
i ' m struggling to keep up appearances with beau now , and i ' m finding it near impossible to hide my growing distaste for his possessive streak , his ability to tear me apart with hateful words , and his all - night benders filled with alcohol , weed , and god knows what else .
i spent most of the day hanging at dom 's and smoking weed .
tony glanced around , then produced a small plastic sack of weed .
i was carried into a house , one that stunk like weed and beer , and shoved in an empty closet .
they all jumped like they got caught smoking weed and patton slammed the magazine shut and slid it into his desk drawer .
saxon was still smoking the wacky weed if he thought that debacle could be classified as beautiful .
saxon did it all the time but saxon smoked too much of the wacky weed .
you 're gon na make them call the cops and they 'll find the weed in our - just lay off . ''
not that ryker had much interest in anything other than smoking weed and sleeping with his wife .
swatting at an irritating fly buzzing around her head , shay followed the smell of weed right back to a quartet of mercenaries toking up behind the dumpster .
he shook off the weed just fine to knock rickie 's hat off his head and start the brawl . ''
his older brother was the real loser - smoking weed , failing out of his second college , knocking up cheerleaders .
others , strangers , probably toasted from the wine they drank or the weed they smoked , stood and held hands , too .
i know the difference between a bag of weed and a cock . ''
he reaches slowly into his pocket and i hold my breath , almost thinking for a second he 's going to show me it is n't weed in his pants .
i laugh just because i ' m so out in the weeds .
you need to lay off the weed , sister . ''
i remember one time having to go to the barber after , and he asked me if i 'd used a weed whacker to cut my own hair . ''
if i could skip away , i would , you poor excuse for a weed hen .
i grinned and waved , and then turned back to my weeds .
i bent down , and she said , ` ` um ... weed is waiting for you in the libwary . ''
i ' m all out of weed . ''
i was just beginning to get used to driving to a beautiful clean home that did n't smell like weed or stale cigarette smoke , but waking up and having nowhere to go but work was weird .
` ` you need to stop with the weed , matt .
all of them looked out of it , eyes glassed over like they 'd smoked a ton of weed .
if coach were n't so strict and observant , i would have tried to calm my nerves with a little weed prior to this whole media day circus .
i ' m horny as hell , and the weed only amplifies it .
i load up on snacks , more weed , and a couple of beers .
i keep chasing that nothingness through the rest of the weekend , switching to alcohol when i ' m out of weed and too lazy to go buy more .
but i know she would n't willingly do weed .
i should have beat the shit out of him that night with the weed .
rick 's older brother - we call him thompson senior - scored some extra weed from a deal , and he 's payin ' rick to do his chores .
after barely graduating last year , thompson senior started getting into more extreme shit - selling and using - while rick slowly took over the weed , gelcaps and little purple pills arm of his big brother 's enterprise .
i 'd found something better than combining molly and weed , better than alcohol , better than sex for smothering the voices in my head - because even when those things worked , and they sometimes did , the voice i still heard was my own , and it would never let me completely forget .
a short , loud fight with my dad over another round of failed classes , the long , weirdly hot afternoon and the weed had left me sluggish and lazy , but horny .
scrawny fourteen - year - olds should n't smoke weed .
i took off towards them , cursing the weed buzz that made me zigzag across the goddamned sand .
as i crashed from the weed and the fight , i started shaking and could n't stop .
no one knows him except for a small - time weed dealer .
i can see light brown stuff in the gaping crevices , though , which makes me think they ' ve been on the receiving end of some weed killer in recent days .
so , i started drinking , smoking weed ... having sex to block it out . ''
a guy offered him weed once , and he flipped out .
vin crashed down next to mcavoy and shared his weed .
his green eyes were perpetually bloodshot from smoking too much weed .
i probably should n't have left a crazy bitch unattended in my bedroom , but the only things of value i had in there were my half ounce of weed and a 9 mm .
` ` maybe try a new kind of weed or lay off the heavy liquor .
the last time they had stopped by , they had asked if they could stash their weed in our house until the cops passed through , and then they 'd had the nerve to be angry when i 'd refused .
i preferred to smoke weed , but i had n't gone to see my guy in , like , a f**king month , so this would have to do .
this is kinda shitty weed , but i have n't had a chance to sniff out a good hook - up yet .
roll a joint with shaky fingers , spilling weed everywhere .
i open my tin and thumb a nugget of weed into my little glass pipe .
he was wearing a set of headphones and shooting somebody ; the smell of weed was strong enough to make her reel .
if i ca n't stop smoking weed , then i ' m kicked off the team .
she asks me to get her weed and i do .
oh , and weed .
smoking weed with mom , drinking too much beer , and partying most of the week is not going to get me there anytime soon .
money , attention , weed , whatever - it 's never , ever enough .
and not from smoking a little weed , either .
this is the weed talking .
mom coming over , the weed , having chelsea standing here in front of me looking cute as hell - it 's all sending my head spinning out of control .
for whatever reason , the weed has loosened my tongue , which is not a usual side effect .
i ' m high , and it 's not just from the weed .
i ' m just some jackass still out f**king around , smoking too much weed , trying to please someone who 's only using me for money - and just so happens to be my mother - and i ca n't keep my life together unless someone is right there beside me with a checklist , asking if i ' ve done everything i ' m supposed to do .
inhaling deep , i recognize the pungent smell of weed and i wrinkle my nose .
plenty of beer and weed to keep y' all on a continuous buzz , '' he says matter - of - factly .
` ` yeah , but i always pay for the weed , bro . ''
the kind of good that 'll make you forget everything , because that 's what you usually want to do when you smoke weed .
he provides us with all the weed we could ever want , and sometimes he even brings beer .
` ` you know if you get rid of the weed , she 'll just ask for more money so she can get it somewhere else , '' wade points out .
` ` i do n't have any weed in the house . ''
you always have weed in the house . ''
` ` i do n't have any weed on me , i swear . ''
does your stupid little girlfriend know you smoke weed with your mom ?
that you give me all the weed and money that i want ?
like beer and weed and sweat and desperation .
you ca n't hardly function because of all the weed you ' ve smoked the last seven days . ''
fuck your weed .
` ` i thought you were laying off the weed . ''
` ` do n't let weed control you .
` ` i ca n't be with you if you keep smoking weed , '' she murmurs .
the house reeks of beer and weed and i wrinkle my nose , raising my brows when we pass by des .
he 's been caught smoking weed a few times , and i ' ve found baggies of the stuff in his jeans when i do his laundry .
only a few months ago she was complaining to me about finding yet another baggie of weed in his jeans pocket .
i wanted to feel numb and liquor and weed was n't doing the trick .
i noticed his eyes were glassy and wondered if weed was the only thing he was high on today .
` ` it was when i moved on from the weed to the harder shit , yeah .
he smokes elder weed and contemplates silence as the spider approaches him .
i was , in fact , smoking chum weed with some balthaazan merchant friends of mine at the time i must confess , the angel said , i ve never tried chum weed it turns you into a raving insomniac i ve heard .
i was , in fact , smoking chum weed with some balthaazan merchant friends of mine at the time i must confess , the angel said , i ve never tried chum weed it turns you into a raving insomniac i ve heard .
and so i had weed wacked my way through my own neural tissue , cutting off the pathways controlling all my pain receptors and the main bundle of fibers connecting to much of my limbic system as well .
and no , mike never cared for weed , it only made him paranoid .
< and about half an ounce of my old weed , > she added for the benefit of the boxes .
if roy was gone from the apartment , he locked the door because he was dealing nickel bags of weed on the side .
this may very well be her last chance to have a cigarette for two days : her mother had no idea that rachel had become addicted to what she called the ' foul weed ' during her years at university and , for both their sakes , rachel intended to keep it that way .
hey , bottleneck , you got any weed ?
then beth said , what are you talking about , i need weed .
alright , alright i got da weed , confessed louid as he wiped the blood from his cheek .
i should nt have smoked that damned weed , he muttered , it always puts me in a strange mood .
let me pack up a few things , including an ounce of primo weed and my favorite bowl , and well get the hell out of here .
i knew he d been smoking his primo weed in the john as soon as i saw the goofy grin plastered on his face .
oh , just tell them you smoked a bunch of weed and got the munchies .
smoking weed with me .
either that or they re going to think were smoking a lot of weed !
` ` do you ever take that smoldering weed out of your mouth ? ''
they befriended him in exchange for his endless supply of alcohol and exotic weed .
alyse brought out some bread and passed hook a small amount of weed and a rolling paper .
seems the tolerance for medical weed has made a turn for the better since the dead started walkin round eatin people .
then hold your hand like that so he can jump off the weed and onto your hand .
the diamond ocean : the western coast ocean body of water got its name because of its rich deposit of diamonds at very deep depths which is why the weed sea mer people are the only ones who can harvest this most in demand minerals .
i never even studied the bible , hell , i swear sometimes , and i used to smoke weed too .
i gots liquor and weed and food even .
josef continues the introductory repartee , going on about how he hoped the chicken wings and tempura vegetables we ordered would come quickly and how lecturing always made him feel hungrier than either sex or weed .
the diamond ocean : the western coast ocean body of water got its name because of its rich deposit of diamonds at very deep a depth which is why the weed sea mer people are the only ones who can harvest this most in demand minerals .
` ` i am heading all over the place , '' julia said , ` ` i ' ve got to get a new calling card , i have to stop by the air force recruitment office and then , '' she pulled out the flyer for the free health clinic today , ` ` i have to see a doctor before i start smoking weed with you . ''
you 're smoking weed .
max had no desire to smoke any weed , as he started to feel the scotch working in his belly .
jimmy jimmy jimson weed , nono nono no m- ore alone !
` ` i think you better c ` ` ` ` you 're soft - hearted and a little afraid , '' he went on , ` ` and he was on the weed , looking out hell 's back door .
it do n't seem right for a man touched by god to be chewing the weed . ''
i done weed !
` ` it 's somewhat related to my calling with the see weeds , so that makes it easier than something unfamiliar .
a highly developed species , and certainly mobile , but after my long stay with the see weeds , the thought of another water planet was repugnant to me .
i told him all about the see weeds ' waterlogged planet .
the male 's stint with the see weeds had come between them , but he 'd chosen to be human because he guessed his partner from the mists planet would be drawn to these warm - blooded hosts .
ian shook his head in disbelief but returned to the show with the former see weed .
it might mean a whorehouse or a place where men came to gamble or chew devil - weed .
` ` you been chewing the weed ! ''
plus sammy usually had bitchin weed .
but the thing was , dodee had sworn off weed .
this was the disconnected way people talked in the nightmares that came if you smoked weed dusted with pcp .
' got ta confiscate the weed , bee - yatch , ' carter said .
when he was in high school , junior had sometimes hidden a little weed or a couple of uppers in his balled - up socks ; once one of adriette nedeau 's thongs .
saved from the devil 's weed by the son of god .
she had been here once with phil , back in the days when he did nothing but sell a little weed and cook a little glass out back of the trailer for his own use .
i can smell the weed on your breath , you old cock - sucker !
there was liquor , and weed , and goings - on you 'd hardly credit .
this was just a perfect storm of the weed .
she could n't help but compare him to chay , whose fierce activism was all too often blunted by peyote , mushrooms , or weed .
she stuffed the weed into a bulging garbage bag .
somebody took the tumble weed out of the fridge , i answered .
you 're smoking weed ?
rann called it the wait and weed plan ( chuckles ) ranns logic is flawless .
skeeter looks at me , chewing on a grody yellow weed that matches her grimy skin and crooked teeth .
he rolled the weed between his lips as he watched nora go through her routine .
you do nt need a drag off the pipe to feel the effects of the jimsen weed .
` ` she 's out smoking that evil weed , '' madelyn chuckles .
katelyn had only ever smoked some weed , nothing more .
i can handle weed , she thought .
i hated smoking weed , but it was better than nothing .
after i brought him back up to the third floor i went down to the second to see who was around and smoke some weed .
the hallway always smells like weed .
some people have stolen cars , done drugs a lot harder than weed , and that is just the stuff they re admitting to .
toby and a few others are smoking weed , and i m the only one not drinking or smoking .
he smells like weed , and his eyes are bloodshot .
maybe smoke some weed .
their eyes are bloodshot , and they smell like weed .
they usually involved trawling the local malls for cute guys to stare at , or purchasing fake ids from scary weed dealers .
it 's probably the fact that she banned ian from our house two months ago when he was thrown into juvi for selling weed .
think about what other students tried to do to become legends : george basset locked grade eights in store rooms on their first week in the year 1997 , france herod did graffiti on school property in 1999 , collin moles introduced the smoking of weed in 2000 and the list is endless .
we 'd have a good time , hang , dance ... some people would smoke weed or drink , but it was cool to just chill , too . ''
she did stay away from drugs , and was very angry the one time i took a hit off of some stoners weed .
sweat , beer and the faintest hint of weed wafted through the air .
oh and my parents have good weed .
the weed is just there , i mean available .
the weed has to be expensive , i countered and then wondered if that was appropriate .
red loved him back with fierceness and weed and forties bought with recycled aluminum cans and false i.d.s .
kace was famous for putting a bag of weed and a pipe in his cubby , in his grade school cubby !
[ 3 ] above all , i heard about weed .
they were all smoking weed .
i heard about how danny o , the most bad - ass , do nt give a fuck 8th grader at einstein ( his dad was in prison ) was always keeping his weed in his hat because the teachers did nt search there .
[ 3 ] karina skyrocketed to popularity in middle school , on behalf of her well - developed body and penchant for weed , alcohol , and boys .
i lost kellys i m could you tell her i need some weed .
she s selling weed now , he d replied off handedly .
my prior attempt to buy weed had gone terribly .
he made a big profit , but on a smoggy friday morning , jae sold weed to a naive , innocent 7th grader who had no business buying weed .
he made a big profit , but on a smoggy friday morning , jae sold weed to a naive , innocent 7th grader who had no business buying weed .
all i wanted to do was go to the bathroom and look at the weed , but i was too scared .
i did nt get to savor the satisfaction of having weed in my underwear while reading out loud in honors english , and solving equations on the big board in math class .
is that weed , marco ?
duncan told me his big weed story again even though i d heard it a dozen times .
soon i d have my own weed story to brag about .
hey , can you get me some weed , jonsen ?
i do nt sell weed man .
jonsen motherfucking palmer , get me some motherfucking weed i bellowed in my most playfully demanding voice , trying to disarm the tension .
after jonsen left it took us a few times to figure out you had to light the weed and suck through the pipe at the same time .
but , by far , my new favorite pursuit was going over to jonsens for weed every two weeks .
tim sat down on top of one of the piles of clothes and pulled a bag of weed , a scale , and a box of ziploc baggies out of his huge sweatshirt pocket .
a twamp meant twenty dollars worth of weed .
alcohol and weed were harmless and cool , magic mushrooms were dangerous and stupid .
to pass the time we d been smoking a ton of weed , brandon bought a ton with the money he d made working at his dads over the summer .
he barely hid the fact he was smoking weed .
look , i m not a drug dealer , but if you re looking for weed i can get you some .
hey ian , jonsens quitting weed for soccer .
avi miller a week after ians party , avis mom caught him with weed .
she demanded to know where he got the weed and he told her me .
smoke weed all the time ?
smoking weed was my favorite thing to do in the entire universe .
told them that all his friends were smoking weed .
jeff was going to buy a bag of weed from his brand new connect , mike , and those of us with money were trying to throw up on it .
jeff had been adamant that he was going alone to buy the weed , making everyone very suspicious that he was going to pinch some bowls before it got equally divided up .
call me agent double o deuce 4 blocc mike had left three giant bags of weed and a large scale as a work in progress on the heavily scraped up and inscribed computer desk .
but my gaze kept coming back to the huge bulge where his huge bag of weed was .
we walked into ians bathroom and turned on the light , mike picked up the bong and took out the colossal bag of weed .
all we smoke is that mexican weed .
wide - eyed i took the generous portion of weed as if the cashier had forgot to ring something up .
and all the weed in the world ca nt make it go away , only days of rest .
as millen told it , he used to be luke vs. the rancor stressed out with bad social anxiety until he started smoking weed .
then a great thought occurred to me and excitedly i reached into my backpack and pulled out my cd player , luckily my weed mix cd was still in it .
that was probably why weed was illegal .
it made me feel so weird and flighty that i had to smoke a ton of weed to balance it out .
he found some weed pipes in your car , marco , she said .
but , overall , the last four years had been pure happiness , i was truly happy , and weed had been with me the whole way .
ill be fine as long as i have my weed and cigarettes .
after two puffs i threw up three times all over the floor and became positive that the weed was laced with chemicals and was a bad mix .
the next day i bought a bag of weed from my most trusted source .
i told him that there was some laced weed going around and he promised me his stuff was all natural .
smoking weed was my whole identity , no worries .
if everyone got memory problems the first time they smoked weed no one would smoke weed .
if everyone got memory problems the first time they smoked weed no one would smoke weed .
nancy smoked weed that she stole from her mom .
droca weed , he stated , helping carl lift bens body from the chair .
the pressure on bens stomach emptied the remainder of the droca weed onto carls back , but he was too busy to notice .
he d seen the use of droca weed before , and knew it was nt uncommon for the victim to choke on his own vomit as his body eventually gave up .
they ve filled him full of droca weed and nearly killed him , all because of something they could nt beat out of him .
there s a lot of droca weed still going round his system .
i do nt know if that s the droca weed or not , but he s drying up fast .
i think that whatever it is , ben would nt tell them , even with the droca weed , so i guess , yes , they ll have to send people after us to find out what it is they want to know .
the droca weed had really messed him up and ben was lucky he d come out of it alive .
if what ben had said turned out to be a delusion , a hallucination brought about by the droca weed , they d wasted two days journey time towards their homeland .
he told ben about the imprisonment and peters help with the escape , and how they had found him , drugged with droca weed that would have made him tell his captors almost anything they asked .
you sure you got all that droca weed out your system ?
calvin packed some weed into his pipe , took a big hit , and handed it to me .
she asked , ` ` his parents still let you smoke weed in front of them ? ''
i said , ` ` we do n't smoke weed in front of his parents , mom .
so i said , ` ` actually , she brought her own weed , and she was smoking us down .
just by looking at them , i could tell they 'd been smoking down , and when i got in the car , it reeked of weed .
we went over to alley 's place , made vodka and orange juices , smoked some of alley 's weed , and started getting wasted .
we split up this bag of weed lori had scored the day before from calvin 's brother and rolled a joint .
as the questions raced through my head , one after another , i felt high , like when you 're high and you do n't wan na belike last year when i 'd come back from lunch after smoking weed with calvin , and i 'd go to mrs . garrison 's class and get all nervous and panicky .
i said , ` ` no thanksyou do n't happen to have any weed do you ? ''
so pete , how much of much of your weed do you have left ?
no way , we do nt need beer tonight , you ve still got your weed to smoke so be a good boy and no complaints .
pete is returning with his bag of weed .
it never put a big smile on my face like my weed does .
pete quickly grabs the baggie of weed beside him , hey now that sounds like a frickin awesome plan .
... and tell frosty that i do nt care that he already misses me and pete as customers for his weed .
so , suzanne sent me an email and she says that she saw frosty last night and he still wants to try mailing you his weed .
he s starting to think that he s almost looking forward to finishing off his bag of weed .
he s sitting on the bed at issys feet using the new pizza menu this time to hold his weed .
and besides , petes finished his bag of weed and were all quitting .
sure it was petes weed that got him in trouble but he only has himself to blame .
the weed guy .
` ` weed , huh ?
i sell a lot more than weed . ''
we spent our time smoking weed , drinking old e and playing cee - lo or craps .
the party was slamming ; liquor , bitches , music and weed !
after a couple of weeks of just hanging out , flashing money , sharing weed and liquor , we put the word out that we were opening shop .
they were probably smoking weed and shooting dice on a stoop somewhere close by .
where but the hood does a child stare with numb eyes at a gray future every day , every passing corner , every sip of beer , or toke of weed .
the long night of anticipation , the light buzz from the weed , and jjs initial reaction pushed my expectations to the edge .
their ruse , if confronted , was that they were fucking around on the roofs smoking weed and by chance entered that particular building .
but for fluky , the weed had never simply been about the money .
i leaned out the window of the truck and watched the abandoned victorian homes roll by , contemplative as the booze and the weed began to wear off .
now the weed and the whiskey were talking , but i could feel something moving inside of me .
if people wanted to smoke weed , who were we not to provide it for them ?
maybe i saw the boots as honest and weed as not .
we mixed it with coke and ended up smoking some weed .
jay continued , as would be expected from billy , he asked if anyone wanted to smoke some more weed .
that and i m sure the booze and weed helped with the dehydration .
with the booze and the weed however , i was surprised i was up at all .
angie popped up from the log she was sitting on and said , shit , where s the weed ?
billy bob handed it to her and angie buried the plastic bag full of weed under her feet like she was hiding body parts in a shallow grave .
and i know you smoke the odd bit of the crazy weed , too , which ca nt be helping .
i still owed maurice some money for weed , and my other acquaintances in the neighborhood had uptight parents .
i wish i had some buddha right now so my eyes could get all red i know you got some weed nick , you re always smoking that shit .
they were always together and they supplied all the younger kids in the neighborhood with weed and acid and could even get angel dust and crank , or so i d heard .
tell me you did nt spend our weed money on dynamite .
do nt jessie and them still sell weed ?
yeah , they sell weed .
we thanked him for the weed and picked up our skates .
i ve never had this much weed .
it was a warm night and we were rich with money and weed .
quit being such a drunken banshee , mya said , they brought weed .
i came by cause i was wondering if you got any of that weed left .
he wanted to pay us in weed .
we were like pay us in money and well buy our own weed .
is it good weed ?
if you threw keggers and sold weed you d be popular too .
this is a lot of weed .
i mean i do nt really care about that weed , so if this is some kind of scam , you did nt have to go to all the trouble .
he was making sure everyone at the party saw him , soliciting weed sales was just his excuse .
i still had a large amount of weed too .
that mixes good with weed .
the weed money could be for a car and maybe a down payment on an apartment , you know ?
with the encouragement of his girlfriend jessie , a 24 hour a day weed smoker , ben is soon mixed up in a war that 's going on just beneath the surface of his quiet ohio town .
jessie its four in the morning , how can you even think about smoking weed right now ?
a common side - effect of the weed was to make people self - conscious , anyway .
you have nt asked about scoring weed in in months .
the possibility alone had made the whole idea of even smelling weed smoke distasteful .
why do nt you ask your doctor about mixing weed and your pills ?
i had a few beers , smoked a couple o joints you on weed ?
you did say something about the dea trying to scare you into quitting the weed .
are you trying to say that weed caused me to lose my mind ?
i i ve got some weed in this bag .
by mid - afternoon it looked like pretty much every girl in the eighth - grade class who drank , smoked weed or otherwise partied was going to be there .
man , if he had been caught with some weed , i hear a booming voice say , they d still have that nigga on lockdown .
she pulled a bag of weed from her makeup case and opened it , taking a clump out and putting it on my newspaper .
she put out the joint and i slid the ashtray under the sofa while she put the bag of weed back in her makeup case .
jessie and david got high together on the last of our weed .
twelve jessie had called everyone who had ever sold her weed in her entire life , and still had nt found anything .
she tried to wake me up at nine the next morning , shaking me and asking how i could sleep when we were in the middle of some kind of freaky weed drought .
no , i was here last night with niti , and the whole place reeked of weed .
oh and one more thing , can you spare any of that stinky weed ?
i mean , just weed sometimes , and even then i do nt think he ever bought more than an ounce or two .
there s a guy driving up from akron , one of her brothers friends , and he supposedly has a bunch of good weed with him .
were trying to help our friend beat a double murder charge , and you re worried about getting some weed ?
relax , i m sure some more weed will show up eventually .
oh , i m also looking for any spare weed the guy might ve been holding ?
what the fuck are you thinking about weed for right now ?
getting high looked pretty good to me too , so we went through the routine of calling all the people we knew who sold or smoked weed , but only found everybody with the same complaint .
sara met this guy online who sells weed by the ounce .
this guys supposed to have really good weed .
what if she goes to kill junior and were in pittsburgh trying to score weed ?
so the guy made some phone calls , but keep in mind it was like quarter to four in the morning and everyone was sleeping except this one guy -but this guy did nt even have any weed , just shrooms .
yes i smoke weed , but that does nt mean i m tied up with these killings .
since i ca nt find any weed and i need a fucking hobby , since that s when .
well i do nt see you making any phone calls about the weed situation .
` ` so you do nt drink , do nt smoke weed , do nt fuck .
i ' m just a student who smokes weed , who might think that i have two guns ? ''
` ` someone must has given her weed .
` ` maybe there s someone at school who knows where to find weed '' , she said hopefully .
nah , got some fucking amazing weed for the trip though .
a student high on weed or coke can easily do it and get away with it .
she was escorted off the campus on the first day for selling weed to the students in her lunch hour .
the vessel full of memories welcome aboard let 's take it all in , everything so well preserved , in the words of poetry , so well written , that it now begs to be read , that 's where you come in , my new best friend , the reader , of the strange new possession , that is this book , i could tell you how much it tore me apart , to share with you the words , and the memories that i have , within these pages but should i do that , you 'll know more than enough , that maybe you 'll debate on walking away , that maybe you 'll put this down , and decide that this is n't for you , and i do n't want to lose you , so early on , i would love to let you in , on a few secrets , but of course , i wo n't share it all within the first pages , because , i ca n't let you in too much right here , after all this is the beginning , there 's so much more than this , wrapped up and bound , in the pages of this collection , it 's a promise , as twisted as this will sound , i want to promise you that this book , will be something you ' ve never seen before , and it 's likely that you may never see something like it again , this book will take you down dark alleys , where you should have packed a gun , it will take you down well lit hallways , where good will triumph over evil , and then there are other places , these places are so deep , so dark that trying to put , the essence of those pages into words themselves , could very well be impossible , but not completely so , you ' ve noticed that the title of this book , more than memories i ' m sure , and there 's a just reason , why i would put such words on the front , and that reason is so very simple , more than memories fits , so well , because the book that you now possess , is full of memories , full of insight , here 's to hoping that you enjoy it , and consider this an opening shot , that 's being fired , because i 'll warn you now , you re in for a hell of a ride ... . ghetto girl the door slams shut , as she lifts herself off the bed , for the umpteenth time , the bruises around her eyes , starting to swell , she walks to the mirror behind her door , a mirror that 's told her story for years , and she touches her face , she feels the bruises , swelling faster and faster , she 'd like to think back to a simpler time , one when her life was n't so bad , but she ca n't , her life has been hell since she can remember , and it only continues to get worse , she sits back on the bed , her face bruised , beaten and battered , her insides scared from the abuse , living in the hell she has been , downstairs the screams echo upward , her drug induced mom , screaming slurs , claiming that this shit hole is below her , but that 's a nightly rant for her mom , her dad yells , in his alcohol induced rage , that the world does n't put her on a pedestal , from above our girl listens , and is scared , the footsteps come back up the stairs , in her head she knows what 's coming next , it 's the never ending cycle of abuse , verbal , physical , sexual , it 's how her dad always gets when he 's drinking , the door bust open , and before she can stop it the hand is at her mouth , and he forces her to the bed , she cries inside , but it 's been like this for nearly four years , after he 's done he gets up , taps her chest and thanks her , before stumbling out of the room , she cries herself to sleep , praying for a better tomorrow , school is no better , people just do n't seem to care , she keeps to herself , as she walks the hallways , only wishing that she had a friend , she sees everyone in their happiest of moods , and wishes that was her , that she could live the life , of someone who managed to be , beautiful , the abuse continues , as the months roll by , some weeks it 's so much worse than the others , she does n't know how to make it stop , does n't know how to make it go away , then one day as sunlight shines , on her dim and dark world , a friend comes along , wanting to help her , but even this path will be a dark one , at first it seems like a great idea , leaving home to be with her new friend , but soon she learns that there 's more to this , then meets the eye , that night she gets her first taste of the underworld , first it 's the joints , with the smoke swirling ever higher , it takes her places , where her problems do n't exist she did n't think a place like that was real , but soon it 's not enough , and she learns that there are other things , to hide away the pain , and the nightmares , so she asks for more , next comes the spoons , melted and polluted , with cocaine , her heart leaps at the chance , to escape ever further , but as she climbs higher , so does her tolerance , as it all loses its effects , i need more she cries , as she 's gotten used to a world with no pain , next in swirling despair , comes the needle , one so trivial and evil , that she does n't even realize , what 's about to happen , the heroin takes hold , and spins her out of control , further and further it goes , she ca n't stop it now , as her heart feels the greatest it 's ever felt , she feels like life ca n't get any better , everything she 's wanted , right at her finger tips , an escape only ever , a phone call away , time ticks by , and soon her body begins to turn , but that internal fire , was something she never bargained for , and she wants to escape again , they told her it was the be all , end all , and that she would never feel , this great again , they told her she had to try , so away she went , into a world that was so dark , that no light could save her , but she felt great , greater than ever in fact , the meth took hold , and further out of control , she could n't stop herself , and in her mind she said , that she did n't want to , but with her , as reality always seems to do , came crashing down around her one night , the phone rang , and her freedom was gone , her friend had found herself on the wrong end of a bust , jail time was a sure thing , she had learned that from her time in the underworld , but the worst part was now she had no one , all the junkies they knew , were n't her friends at all , so she went back to the torment and torture , of everyday life , continual abuse , and put up with it she did , until withdrawal caught up with her , she heard the arguing , hours in advance , and knew he was drunk again , she had taken time earlier while they were out , to plan for just such the event , he came up the stairs , and threw open the door , he was already trying to come at her , when she pulled the trigger , once , twice , and a third , all the shots rang out , loud and angry , and with each one she felt , more liberated , then the last , she rolled his body off to the side , and spit directly in his face , that now lifeless face , it felt so , so good , but there was more to be done , she walked downstairs , and felt the smoke hit her nose , but it did n't affect her anymore , she was far beyond that of weed , instead she reacted as if nothing was there , she walked down through the kitchen , to where her mom was sitting , as our girl came through the door , her mother 's eyes were wide , with the last words she ever heard , you dirty little cunt how could you , let him do that to his own daughter , are you proud you little whore , i sure as hell hope so because soon , you 'll both be rotting in hell together , she pulled the trigger , once , twice , a third time , every shot freeing her more than the last , in her heart she felt relieved , the pain could finally stop , oh but not yet her mind told her , she knew what she had to do , she placed the gun on the table , and prepared for her final task , she secured the rope tight , and put the chair in place , fear had never been her strong suit , as she prepared for the end , she knew that this would make it all go away , she left a note in case anyone cared to look , not that she thought they would , she simply scribbled in her little handwriting , they said they would look out for me and lied , today is the day this nightmare i call a life ends .
their only condition was that i bring plenty of booze , so i packed up a couple bottles of my dads vodka and some of seths weed .
i almost forgot that we still reeked of booze and weed from the car ride .
you have any spare weed lying around ?
he and a friend , eager to experiment , had concocted a theory in which mike had a bag of weed hidden somewhere in his room .
he took a pouch of tobacco and a tin of weed from the kitchen drawer and began rolling a joint .
when he got up in the night and had to go out into the bush you could usually see where he was from the lighted tip of whatever weed he was smoking out there .
i sold him that shit weed the other day , remember ?
i d smoke weed , drink liquor and talk shit wit the niggas on the block .
it was a classy party and drugs dumbed it downalthough nobody had a problem with weed .
the landing outside her apartment was suffused with the stale reek of weed , courtesy of neighbors for whom stuffing a towel beneath their front door was simply too great a task .
i did drugs weed , coke , ex .
i ask the cops , would they have known he had weed at his house if he had nt told them ?
would they have known he had weed in the van if he had nt told them ?
trudged up the steps , bile rising as she breathed in the stale smell of weed and wet dog .
she never touched dope , smoked weed , or did psychedelics , at least not after college .
all that carrying and driving , you get stopped with that much weed , you got trouble that s going to last a long time .
and thanks for the high grade weed , said tall guy , as he held up the bag .
i use it for dealing weed . '
punks scoring weed online was nothing new , but gershwin was a respected architect , not a petty thief .
the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale huh .
that something is nt just going to roll over and let weed just take all that they have away .
to be fair , my father still died at the six month mark , just like the doctor said , but over the last three months one thing gave him more relief than any other , weed .
i have a funny feeling about this so i sat down and decided to start this journal ; hopefully it can serve as an unbiased look into the weed issue .
chapter 5 the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale , entry 2 it 's been one year , three months and twenty - one days since the passing of amendment 64 , here in colorado .
we talked for hours , about all kinds of things , philosophy , religion , love , and weed .
ok , according to that definition , how do you think most people felt about weed ?
chapter 10 the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale entry 4 as i walked into the park in front of the capitol building , i could n't believe how many people flooded the area .
chapter 13 the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale , entry 5 today matthew took me to the projects , where a girl he used to date lives there with her four children .
chapter 14 the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale , entry 6 we left the bar and walked toward coors field .
chapter 15 the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale , entry 7 the next morning we departed the projects and drove three hours through the flat side of colorado , to the small town of sterling .
chapter 17 the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale , entry 8 the next two days were a complete re - education for me .
` ` you keep calling it the movement , the revolution , but its not just the issue about weed .
the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale , entry 9 this morning we began our trip back to denver .
chapter 19 the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale , entry 9 , continued the flashing lights intensified , as the patrol car pulled up behind us .
chapter 20 the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale , entry 9 , continued the knock on the door startles olga .
chapter 23 the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale , entry 10 the sunday morning sermon at the church i attended as a child had already begun when we pulled into the parking lot .
chapter 25 the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale , entry 10 , continued after we dropped the boys off , we waited for an hour at the local starbucks , before heading back to church .
renee chapter 26 the diary of renee de garcias , a weed war tale , final words those were the last words my sister ever wrote .
i just spent the night in jail for smoking some weed , that s all .
smoking weed !
but you did smoke the weed ?
no one even dared to ask laura , who had already admitted to spending time in juvie and smoking weed , how her target practicing had gone .
all this for a bag of weed , he could be doing anything in there .
she did say that she had bought the weed from jonas .
` ` what about being a party to a serious crime '' , jo said sternly , ` ` and i ' m not talking about the weed .
perhaps he had spent a semester in community college but had dropped out because the ceaseless dorm - room weed smoking catalyzed his ghrelin , inducing a bottomless appetite , and so he abandoned his studies and found employment at a food establishment with munchies he liked and where he could eat for free , or at least with a discount .
know where i can score some decent weed ?
grass did nt have deep enough roots to make a strong connection to orenda .
scott could smell alcohol and weed and had seen a few needles being passed around .
he said , taking a huge hit from his weed .
your weed is good and your whiskey too , she said strongly , removing cash from her purse .
is that weed you re smoking ?
your cigarette smells like weed , the man said sharply .
you can wait in the break room and put that weed out !
what popped off , he said and took a long drag from the weed .
hit this weed .
he asked , finishing his weed .
it must be something in this damn weed , he said strongly .
you owe me for my other weed , bruh !
the mexican busyboy stared at keith as he smoke his weed but did nt do anything .
they share the weed until it was all gone .
keith still had some cactus weed and smoked some before going back to the interrogation room .
keith stated firmly and took a long drag from his weed .
keith just kept smoking his weed .
keith stood there smoking his weed , watching ironworkers load iron on big trucks using some sorta crane .
i smell weed on you like always .
my girl told me , keith said and took a long drag from his weed .
the jerk thinks hell have immortality , keith said , taking a hit of his weed .
he was not very happy when the waitress complained about him smoking his cactus weed .
he had just finished smoking that cactus weed and now he started on some vodka .
i want the jerk that took a shot at me driving that cab number 111 earlier , keith said strongly , lighting his weed .
bruh i know what i saw , keith said strongly and took a long drag from his weed .
i need some more weed .
he asked and took a long drag from his weed .
random drug tests meant the questionable local hybrids of weed were off limits , and pretty much everything else , but acid remained forever undetectable and this is precisely what the four of them had scored in barrigada that morning , with an eye toward dropping sometime in the evening .
she began smoking cigarettes at thirteen , weed shortly after that .
i wish we had some weed right now , katherine says to alejandro and joshua , hovering over their shoulders as they untangle a mass of cables behind the entertainment center , in an effort to figure out last years hot gaming device .
just gravy boats full of liquor figuratively speaking , of course , none of their nights ever escalate this level and the weed that always seems to be floating around intermittently .
` ` the last time i saw that look was when my sixteen - year - old nephew was trying to explain why he had a ziploc of weed . ''
harvey sniffed and recognized the smell of japanese weed then saw a short man smoking it from behind a desk .
full time inmates in the cell above us used string to lower weed rolled with pages of the bible .
the weed was just to get you in the mood for the oreos that came next .
she smokes weed in front of panamanian cops .
someone named capitan gonzalez dropped by but was disappointed because it looked like the weed did nt yet have thc in it .
i 'll go get the weed for you , '' she said .
the girl does way too much weed , danny .
smoke weed and take visitors to bah . ''
the grind did nt change as she continued her search where she left off from the day beforeand the day before thatof a trick and then a hit of some crack or weed .
but as to the end of the world stuff , which i guess could come before your weed problems , here 's the bottom line .
abby had a thing for weed , it made her get horny .
sadie had enough weed in her room to roll a lot more fatties .
she wondered if the weed had been laced with something .
she was a runner now , pumped up on adrenalin and weed and feeling the power that she did n't know she had .
city planners , you wonder if they ever stop smoking that funny weed .
skip classes , smoke a little weed .
jerricks college social life , unfortunately , was pitiful , and he often reminisced about his old friends from high school , missing the parties , booze , and weed .
we wanted to smoke some weed .
shaun is probably cool under pressure , jock thinks , because he smokes weed like it is going out of fashion .
he delivers a little weed and a few pills .
you have the car , i bring the weed .
showing a complete lack of talent for maths , science , history , language , etc . , his sudden apathy when it came to english meant that his grades began to drop as he went into secondary school and , at the age of 14 , he began to experiment with weed .
simon , who had never really had many friends before , jumped at the opportunity- nevertheless , he refused to smoke any weed with them .
he began to use the weed not as a recreational drug , but as a tool for inspiration ; soon , he found that the weed merely hampered his writing .
he began to use the weed not as a recreational drug , but as a tool for inspiration ; soon , he found that the weed merely hampered his writing .
having spent his teenage years as a stoner , by now he had lost interest in weed and passed off his friends in his halls of residence with ease when they offered him a joint .
i 's smokin ' weed and drinkin ' . ''
place where i go get my weed and a bit of local tail .
smoke weed if you like .
pete grinned and held up his baggie of weed .
` ` you 're telling me you guys do n't sneak into the gardens to smoke weed and fool around ? ''
he chose the weed eating because he liked the sun and vowed that his skin would not turn as pale as some of the bleached - out inmates he 'd seen .
and probably a lot more because his workday ended at five when he turned in his weed eater .
like many soldiers i had smoked a little weed from time to time , maybe just enough to develop a preference among different strains and sources , but nowhere near enough to put me high on the list of u.s . users in terms of lifetime volume consumed .
occupied with their wild partying , their minds dulled with weed , none saw or heard the fast - moving freight train in the distance .
' he smokes a lot of weed . '
if she stole any of his weed , by god rebecca sets her carton down on the podium with an audible grunt , then straightens up .
he 'll ask about the weed and the pills .
max is equal parts surfer and comic - book nerd , chelsea a laid - back artist - type with a baggie of weed hidden under her paintbrushes .
elise 's old friend , melanie , starts hopefully showing up at the coffee shop - regretting her decision to take lindsay 's side now that the queen bitch is off in europe for the summer - and just like that , elise and i have our own group , to hang out together in that back booth at the diner after a late night , to drive upstate to her vacation home in new hampshire , or to just sprawl in one of our big , empty houses , sneaking liquor and smoking weed and watching school loom closer like a jail sentence at the end of summer .
i hear the chatter of the others in the room ; music loud ; the low , sweet scent of weed , but it all falls away , the way it always does when i ' m kissing him .
we drink , sure , and even smoke some weed with chelsea sometimes , but this is something new , and nothing good .
he did n't just sell the love weed ... he sold dreams . ''
i had a kid working part - time for me back then who 'd dump the trash , smoke himself a little weed while he was out there .
it 's study , drink , smoke weed , have sex with strangers , take naps in the afternoon .
but she , man , she came over here , like , supposedly to buy some weed , you know ?
he leaned forward , packed weed into the bong with trembling fingers .
` ` she smokes a little weed , '' lionel said .
` ` some weed .
go back to ya bottle and stay the hell outta my weed , why do n't ya !
` ` hey , you like the hooch , i like my weed .
` ` yeah , '' i said as i dropped the weed , flicking the dirt from under my nails .
whether it was the weed or ... shit , something about the men ... she was really frickin ' horny all of a sudden .
probably wondering where the hell i was and asking me if i had any weed .
` ` they found you in a toilet drain , jerk weed . ''
good old - fashioned weed ?
the young men were sitting around bags of weed and the occasional bag of crack cocaine .
i listened with a small grin to the frantic sounds of weed and crack being hidden in everything from toilets to cookie jars , to no doubt deep inside boxers and briefs .
i felt like a daughter confronted by her father about smoking weed or drinking booze .
the smell of weed grew steadily stronger as i approached the back door , which i promptly kicked in .
the smell of weed was not so prevalent in the back room .
gangbangers had already gathered on the street corners , smoking , drinking , and selling their daily allotment of weed , pills , and other drugs .
` ` sorry , you have to buy your weed elsewhere . ''
i wish i could say it had been hard to find someone peddling weed in my hometown , but it had only taken a few minutes driving through a derelict neighborhood to detect the distinctive smell and follow it to its source .
that somehow seemed equally wrong , not to mention going against the ` ` crime does n't pay '' message , but i had to admit i still felt guilty stealing the weed even though what i was doing with it was arguably more noble .
even if he 'd thought to try the cave and heard from tyler where we were staying now , with all the garlic and weed i was sporting in my clothes , not to mention what was set up around the house , fabian might not be able to reach me .
right , because i could n't show up to see madigan covered in weed and garlic .
on the plus side , we had n't been visited by kramer during that time , probably because of the copious amounts of weed and garlic that spade put in and around his house .
but , since i was supposed to be looking on the bright side , last night meant we did n't have to start looking for italian chefs and drug dealers in order to layer up this place with a bunch of garlic and weed .
` ` just be glad your nose is n't strong enough to get a whiff of the weed , too , '' i replied wryly .
normally his innate chivalrousness would have him replying with a gallant lie about how garlic was all the new rage for fragrances , or that the cloud of weed wafting from me really brought out the shine in my hair .
airport security would have taken issue with me trying to board a flight while covered in weed , and i did n't think my truthful explanation of ` ` but i have to keep ghosts away ! ''
` ` i know you did n't start wearing garlic and weed just to make a bold fashion statement , and that your sudden popularity with ghosts did n't start until after you saw marie , '' vlad said , his mouth twisting .
i 'd gotten better at recognizing the telltale signs that said a ghost who was strong enough to get through my stinky force field of weed and garlic was about to pop up nearby .
with my current emotional state , i 'd probably think the only safe place for his ashes was tucked inside my clothes next to the garlic and weed .
if i never smelled garlic or weed again , it would be too soon .
i had never smoked weed before , but it had been tempting in my moments of insanity .
` ` are you sure that was only weed in those blunts ? ''
` ` i never said it was only weed . ''
` ` sure , lily , smoke some f**king weed , and whatever else was in it , and try to relax past the nothingness .
he knew in his heart this was n't the best idea , but at this point he 'd do anything for his weed , even if it meant entering into the lion 's den .
mark stood there , waiting for romano to show him the weed .
one image showed his mother in an aisle , helping a customer with weed killer .
the teenager was backing away from me though , his baggie of weed clutched tightly in his hand and a horrified expression on his face .
what is it with people and their wacky weed ?
the weed must be mixed with a lot of tobacco because i did n't recognize the smell immediately , and i come home with my clothes reeking of it after every party .
i ' ve only smoked weed once before , but i ' ve seen it done a hundred times .
the bag of weed goes flying under the sink , and the papers flit and flutter everywhere .
i ' m smoking weed in a bathroom , i have no friends , my math teacher stuck his tongue down my throat , my boyfriend hates me because i wo n't sleep with him .
i can see sweat on his forehead and smell weed and beer on his breath .
he said he heard that it started with a man 's feet - the first sign was if a man 's feet started stinkin ' real bad - and then the weed would start to grow between his toes , then over his feet and ankles , and then up through the vein on the inside of his leg and by then it was too late .
you could try to rip it off or cut it off or shave it off but it war n't no use - the weed was in your blood . ''
so i ignored that she was twenty - five minutes late to our first meeting , that her clothes smelled like the cheapest kind of weed and that her dread - locked hair was dyed a disgustingly pale pink .
there were photos of me smoking , but it was dark , and they were too indistinct to be incontestably me , or weed , for that matter .
i wonder if she means fixed , like the emergency appendectomy that landed me in the hospital last fal right in the middle of filming my last blockbuster , or fixed , like when i got busted a year ago at a party where everyone was smoking weed , but i got off for lack of evidence .
` ` but they dropped the charges on the weed , right ? ''
` ` c'm on , man- no alcohol , no weed , no girls ?
alcohol , weed , pil s , sex .
i was sure the whole thing was all some sort of clever public relations scam to help you dodge your recent weed - smoking , dui - allegations image . '
` ` i kind of do n't want to look like a weed whacker got hold of my head before meeting a bunch of people . ''
beer cans littered the parking lot and i could smell weed all around me .
i used the weed up this morning .
next was a picture of charles holding a literal log of marijuana , at least a foot of solidly packed weed .
` ` it 's not like i spent it on booze and weed , '' she told me .
and you ca n't complain because it 's not a weed and beer party , it 's your sort of party .
` ` the weed will relax you , okay ? ''
the only analogy that mattered was weed is to smoke , as p**sy is to fuck , because that was the only thing that would ease his nerves today .
most teenagers are stashing away cigarettes and weed - i stash away sugar .
shrugging , i say , ` ` i dunno ... weed ? ''
ryan rubs at his face and the smell of beer and cigarettes and weed sweating out of his body wafts over .
i have no idea what he does outside of camp , whether he sleeps around or smokes weed or drinks or what , but here he 's sweet and funny and loves music and makes all the kids laugh .
` ` i hope it 's weed , '' i hear carlie muttering to ian , and he laughs and kisses her cheek .
mental weed killer was n't going to work on that sucker .
i might spend it on weed .
` ` hey , nano , if my ass were in a wheelchair in a place like that , i 'd only hope you 'd show up with some weed .
hell , i could be scoring weed in tompkins square park right now , on my way to a bondage bar on avenue d , and my parents would only applaud .
matt 's voice , and underneath it a vision of the water stains above her bed ; the dull thud of music from the park ; the smell of weed and cigarettes ; the sounds of laughing , and later , someone screaming , you dumb piece of ... ` ` you ca n't jump , '' nat said , still staring .
he only left her alone once bishop threatened to tell the cops that luke hanrahan was selling weed from pepe 's , where he worked , slipping bags of pot under the slice if patrons asked for ` ` extra oregano . ''
a bunch of kids getting together to smoke weed , drink booze , freak one another out .
once , when she was eight or nine , she and bishop had gone on a rampage there , emptying out all the beers in the fridge , shaking the cigarette packs and bags of weed they found in the cupboards into the trash cans - like that would stop anyone .
it was surreal , sitting in nat 's kitchen with luke hanrahan , football star luke hanrahan , the homecoming king who 'd gotten kicked out of homecoming for smoking weed in the locker room during the announcement of the court .
` ` where do you stash your weed ? ''
poor guy probably needs to smoke some weed to relax .
it 's a fake one with ... one bag of weed .
and this , '' he says , opening the bag with the weed , ` ` is enough marijuana for us to know you 're not just smoking it , you 're selling it . ''
` ` i 'd rather smoke weed , '' i joke .
` ` you ever smoke weed ? ''
` ` but ... if you 're a big jock , does that mean you 'd kill me if i smoked a little weed ? ''
` ` how the hell did the cops find out harper had weed ? ''
he said he was smoking a joint , but he did n't smell like weed at all . ''
tyler had dropped his lighter when he was smoking weed and it had burned a hole .
unless ... our temporary friends , elias and bray , just happened to drop a bag of weed or any kind of incriminating stuff somewhere in my backseat , by accident .
there was a girl dressed up as a marijuana plant in the middle of the courtyard holding a sign that said honk 4 weed !
hopefully my family 's alumni status and giving over the years had accumulated enough influence to overlook one grass terrorization .
` ` oh and my parents have good weed . ''
` ` the weed is just there , i mean available .
` ` the weed has to be expensive , '' i countered and then wondered if that was appropriate .
we could have cook - outs by the lake - hamburgers , drinks , a little weed .
finally , i decide to go ahead and light up my smoke , thinking maybe a little weed might help me figure something out .
` ` i 'll miss it when you stop smoking weed and do n't have any more theories like this . ''
` ` i do n't need the weed to fuel my theories , dude .
` ` are you sure you have n't partaken of the weed today ? ''
when i ask him about it , he says he 's out of weed completely .
they 're not , but it 's just this creepy paranoia that i do n't quite fit in , kind of like how it is sometimes if you do n't drink enough before hitting the killer weed .
no weed , going to church on sundays .
the place smelled like weed , spilled beer , and sweat .
later that night , will had snuck some weed from his brother 's stash and we 'd smoked it in the pool house and made out .
when ahote spills his weed drink on lansa , the two boys fight with such fury it takes the combined might of lev , wil , and pivane to separate them .
the combination of tranq and weed have made connor emotional .
coach finds out and his ass is grass gunner .
dania demanded , her voice heavy and thick from the weed she had smoked .
the weed had started to wear off and my head was throbbing .
` ` you know meth , weed , pills .
the time i was kicked out for good , when they found weed in my electronic cigarettes .
why had n't i said ` ` weed '' or ` ` shit '' like any normal person ?
` ` so i ' m going to have you stick to herb tonight , '' he says , taking out a small baggie of weed out of his pocket .
i pick up the bag of weed .
i go to put the bag of weed in my pocket , but realize i forgot my jacket .
they 're hidden in the computer desk drawer , beside the prescription bottle that holds the stash of weed preston gave me to make quick sales , right within arm 's reach .
cigarette smoke and the pungent scent of weed engulfs me as i squeeze through the crowded room .
is it the weed or the video ? ''
` ` well , that seems like a dumb - ass move , especially if you mixed it with weed , too . ''
i asked him where he got the weed and he said from a friend , but i think violet gave it to him , which makes me worry she might be going back to that douche .
he takes the remainder of the weed out of my prescription bottle and packs it into his pipe .
jonah 's eyes bulge as he coughs on a breath full of weed .
this close , i could smell the alcohol and weed .
bert became a drunk for a while and ernie started doing weed .
how did that dip weed get that lucky ?
lets see , not considering the delightful face - pounding incident which i m assuming we are omitting for purposes of conversational decorum , i would have to say it was the great weed and the really cool california chicks that caused my heart to flutter .
the captain believes it will help the crew take their minds of the weed ; take the dolly boat and two hands .
claire turned to smile at the instructor and her paddle stuck in some weed .
are nt there supposed to be hand motions or at least some confirmation that your team is nt way behind you , letting you go on alone to feel out the situation while they smoke weed with some local strippers ?
is it because they once sold a weed to a bunch of teenagers ?
selling a weed is a crime ?
i m flyer than an eagle on a seagull or a red baron beagle take a puff of that weed and i m knievel doin flips and shit , i do nt switch for shit i rep memphis , tennessee til the end of this shit where the hoes bounce it up and down like certified yo - yos and club smoke got a bros eyes tight like tojo open up a coke and call me britney snow cause my flows cold like a subzero batch of fro - yo i tried to hold my tongue , though no , i could nt do it spoke words like life water , while hoes spit gold fluid and the proof is in the truth i ramble off like i m roofied to the fake bitches : bye , like the real worlds ruthie a lot of rappers is actors , got their patterns all backwards i m the trash bringing muthafrakkin hash slinging slasher these rappers on slash fiction , being bitch is my mission and if i fail , i m still hailed as the realest to niggas the cast , crew , and all in the audience collectively emitted a wide - eyed gasp as britney carried on in displaying her hand at hip - hop , but she broke from her rapping when she noticed that all of the people had fallen silent .
it would have been better to have been found drunk in the bedroom smoking weed than this .
` ` joo doan mess weed caso grande , '' a second voice cackled .
lure them in with some weed or beer and shoot them .
the weed was nt too bad in those days and there were nt no snags to speak of .
a meeting or gathering of friends , while smoking weed .
two nights we spent on that train , playing cards , drinking tea , smoking weed , staring out at the stations that rolled past with a strange feeling coursing through the pit of our stomachs .
how come he 's smoking weed publicly ?
only spearmint gum , a bag of weed , and an orange lighter .
this time , ethan had to cough as the secondhand weed flew into his mouth .
bring any weed with you ?
what happened little s did he get hold of some left - handed cigarettes ( weed ) ?
we started going back to his after the pub to continue drinking , smoking weed and listening to music until we fell unconscious .
kyle left to pick some weed up from a bloke he knew in frampton ; when he returned he had a mischievous look on his face .
he did nt have any change for the weed and all the shops in the high street are shut , he gave me these for a tenner .
he closed the door behind him and pulled out a bag of weed .
digging around in my pocket i found a little bit of weed , a half empty box of benson and hedges , and my last one of those green pills .
then i came down and laid on the sofa all day smoking weed to try and straighten myself up .
kyle disappeared out onto the fire escape stairs at the rear of the flat to get signal on his phone , before strutting back into the room and telling us he d found someone nearby with weed but was nt going to go on his own .
we got the weed from my mate , kyle began , so i skinned one up cos i could nt wait until we got back here .
it did nt taste like any weed i d had before .
everyone drop another pill and ill take the weed , just put the rest of the pills in a cd case and leave it somewhere away from the car .
if we get busted they ll find the weed on me and think that s it .
i unwrapped the weed while he stuck a couple of cigarette papers together .
i took another big drag on the spliff and got blurred weed and ecstasy vision .
yeah no rush , ill skin one up for the drive , kyle said as he pulled a secret bag of weed from the front pocket in his shirt , before laying down a king - size cigarette paper on his thigh .
started off smoking weed , then a bit of amphetamines here and there , like you say it all seems normal after that .
peeling back the foil revealed two plastic bags- one with about an eighth of weed in and the other that appeared to be empty .
kenny must have been out partying a little late last night , or else had done too much weed .
in the past he focused on pills , weed and booze , but scott was mainly only drinking very heavily these days , and he had gotten into some legal trouble few months ago with a felony dui .
coke , crack , heroin , pills , weed , hookers , guns , you name it !
i d say the only connection was that i bought some weed off them .
ronnie smoked weed , as usual , but this time through a glass one - hitter pipe , puffing sporadically through both movies , and he and jamie also sipped makers mark whiskey straight , throughout the double feature .
nobody knew it for a long time , but he controlled all of the meth , coke , weed and other shit coming into northern montana from canada for years , for many years actually , until he was busted five years ago .
that big bag of weed was just the beginning .
but jake came to me here at the store one day and said he had already gotten things off the ground and had a truck coming in from calgary with two hundred pounds of weed that i was going to have to transport back to detroit , with one of jakes guys going with me to make sure it went smoothly .
jake said he had two hundred and fifty thousand dollars of the family money tied up in the weed deal , and that i was going to have to deliver some funds from michigan soon to help buy him out or i be dealing with some bad people from the north .
looking for some weed ?
that depends what kinda hit you re after , ... you wan na nice , giggly high , we got some great thai weed , some durban poison , or some wowi malawi , he paused , noting her lack of reaction , or , if you wan na get really monged , you know what i mean , he gestured with a thumb towards a couple elodie had not previously noticed , slumped in a corner on a sofa , a tubular , plastic water pipe on the table between them , we got some opiated , nepalese temple balls , that s some shit !
shed gone by herself to the park when she bumped into  the grass harp   author who was about to drive away in his aqua blue convertible mercedes with maggie in the back .
ill have to see   she looked toward the kids again , who were winding the game down even more & .it was down to a crawl , half hearted as they saw her sitting on the grass with bill deep in a conversation .
` ` hemp , man , marijuana , pot , cannabis , weed . ''
that would be fine years ago when people walked around worrying if their next paycheck would buy them their fix of weed , but its not going to fly now !
she drank and she smoked a little weed occasionally , but she never , ever did anything heavy .
i never thought of myself as needing weed , but something to dull the razor edge of my nerves was necessary .
after years of dedication and achievement , she now spent her days smoking weed , trying to make sense of how she 'd ended up as a comedy caricature .
dude , this is a lot of weed , man !
yeah , man , that 's a lot of weed !
that 's a lotta weed , mateys !
maybe that 's because all the trees are the same , pea - brain - piss - weed !
okay , time for some weed .
my sweet sweet weed .
i love you , my sweet weed .
the fat white afro man said to the drug dealer , yo , man , we gots ta ' get that weed , man !
the water levels rose and swallowed up san fransisco , so the drug dealer and the fat man went underwater in search of weed , but then they found some sea nymphs that had magic weed growing from their pubises , and the only way they could get them was by having sex with them .
this is what happens when you have to choose between buying weed and performing regularly scheduled maintenance , i suppose .
johnny was being a supreme asshole tonight , and it was amplified by the skunk weed he was smoking .
mostly meth and a little weed , but lately they ve been bringing in hype and kamikaze from california .
then he twig - lit the black weed and sucked in the smoke , and his face swelled an angry red .
great heat seemed to come from him , his body burned from the black weed , and i had to sit back and draw my legs up to my chest .
that weed dulled the senses .
he smoked his weed quickly , hopping to dull his taste as much as possible .
do you know of this weed ?
jack , totally stoned out of his mind on some potent grass , did nt have to offer him some weed , for the elixir of mary jane was all in the air .
the weed heads i was sharing the space with , did nt even bother giving her my rent that i paid on time that really sucks .
every year there 's a couple of high school kids caught with weed behind the bleachers .
seconds later he pulled out a small bag of weed .
too early and it was a wonderful smoking weed .
i eyed the bag of weed in my lap .
i reached into my purse and pulled out the baggie of weed .
i nodded and then gave him his weed .
from the other pocket he took out a small bag of weed .
he put the joint out in the car ashtray and stuck the rest in the baggie with the weed and put it back in his pocket .
with one hand i searched his pants pocket for his trusty lighter ; with the other i very carefully opened up the front flap of his cargo jacket and pulled out the bag of weed and the package of rollies .
i waited before it was good and going and then i placed it on the ziploc bag of weed , my fingers lightly singed .
i exchanged a grim look with toby , who no doubt would be grounded during his suspension and thus no band practice nor access to weed .
i ` ` -further tests seem but only if we can make at least ninety percent sure that- '' the doctor walked through ralph and as he did ralph understood that he had started smoking again on the sly after five years off the weed and was feeling guilty as hell about it .
where did you come by the weed , you villains ?
' the weed is better than i thought .
wrap the weed in a rag of your own . '
he found he was touching weed .
this might normally impress minna - if trenton had weed , it meant he actually had friends , or at least a friend , to buy it from - but today she felt nothing but a sharp surge of resentment .
he 'd smoked plenty of times before - weed was the only thing that helped him float through his months at andover - and once had even seen a bathroom wall pulsating in and out .
trenton this time , trenton did not smoke weed , but just lay very , very still - so still his lungs ached from the effort of controlling them .
it is like the fake shaman who can not trance and gets drunk or smokes silly weed in a masquerade .
` ` there is a condition , '' she said , wrapping the weed around her finger .
it was a very tough and narrow weed , she continued , he whipped me all over my naked body .
we ' ve had narcs around for a few years now , busting people for the evil weed .
and apparently , although i do nt touch the stuff myself , the best funny weed you can smoke .
he 's like an acidhead , stoned on music all the time , though jared knows matt is mainly a light weed man , like himself .
after weed had made a hasty departure , joseph wiped his hands and said wearily , well , gentlemen , we have met three of the seven deadly sins this evening , and come out spotless .
in fact , not oer a week ago i had a similar offer from your whig counterpart , mr . thurlow weed .
thurlow weed was there , as well as senators wright and dickinson , and congressman millard fillmore .
the kind that liked to interpret free love as being a slut , and smoking weed as taking and drinking whatever the hell she could get her hands on .
khat was a weed these people chewed like folks back home would chew tobacco .
the weed was ok , it was n't the same though .
now , i have nt smoked weed in almost twenty years , but at the moment , it does nt seem like such a bad idea .
so ill smoke some weed , i say .
smoke the shit outta that weed , he says .
its like rot mixed with that morning cat - shit smell and stale weed .
the problem is now i have to find weed and blood .
you thinkoh , i ' m not sure smokin ' weed is gon na help you , lady , bob says .
better weed is nt going to help me , although it definitely is n't hurting .
he wondered how long weed stayed fresh , but figured anything was better than nothing .
brady looked around , making sure officer henry was nt within sight , then reached into his jacket and handed jon his stash of weed .
through her adulthood she saw the locals seek redemption through liquor , weed , pills , and happy powder , just as he had .
he s a mean chemist , jake , got me to buy him medicine man stuff : witch weed , puffer fish , what have ya .
no weed is worth this .
melanie had them first , so of course we all think ' okay , melanie 's been hitting the weed a little hard lately . '
he still had the cell phone pressed against his ear while her annoying friend carla babbled something about weed killer and an accidental poisoning on the fourth floor of their call centre building , and really none of it was relevant to his life or his needs or what he wanted to talk about because frankly , the world was left with nothing but crawlies and a handful of human beings too stupid to give it up and get eaten .
` ` i / you / they have gone out only an instant to take some medical grass as lenitive for the wounds .
i wrote it off as a side effect of too much weed , and maybe bad mexican food .
people are nt content just smoking a little weed these days .
fucking cheap nigger weed and smelled like shit but that s what the meathead smoked .
remember a year or two ago , when i bought that can of weed killer ?
forget your weed , man !
god , i ve never even seen this weed before !
finally , i noticed the others around us again , and i said jokingly , ` ` with as short a time as we ' ve been best friends , answers to these questions could tear us apart irrevocably , and your weed is way too good for me to act so foolish . ''
i do nt think you ve ever pulled a weed ever in your life kid .
we found a bag in the crime scene that had a shit ton of weed and half a million dollars in it .
they locked us in a shed because they thought we sold em bad weed .
did you sell him bad weed ?
now i only sold weed .
she was nineteen , living with her sister in a run - down trailer , selling weed and acid ( sometimes her ass before the pregnancy ) to remain fixed in place .
once when i got busted for selling weed , and another time when i felt like i could nt take it anymore it ?
he hollered after anthony again telling him to take the trash out , since he had nothing better to do but hang out at his friends house doing nothing but get drunk and smoke weed all day , not working .
he had shown up with one of alicias friends and brought along a good friend of his owna fat sack of weed .
an oafish , clumsy boy , he had nothing going for him beyond a bottomless stash of weed .
he sucked on the scrap of paper and weed , then held the smoke inside for longer than i thought possible .
knock that shit off and let go , dick weed !
after it was over they smoked some more weed and she rambled forever about the star trek television series and how it was an absolute travesty that it had been canceled .
at least she was kind enough to leave him enough weed to get high while he wept the day away .
but she also might have some weed , and i can use a good bowl of it .
he wondered if they had any weed that they would be willing to part with .
you mean to tell me you were nt high on your weed when you stopped here last night for snacks ?
shed put down her weed for coffee and the edginess showed .
i ve got some friends on the force , and the best guns and the best weed comes from the evidence lockers .
i forgot all about the weed i stole from the evidence locker !
and even in a little burg like castle rock , there were more important things to do than busting drunks for holding weed .
all of them had bumper stickers saying things like split wood , not atoms and u.s . out of el salvador and legalize the weed .
i mean , sometimes they get in the way and then measures have to be taken and some guy finds a few bodies floating around under a dock instead of a few bales of weed .
he puffs three times to bring the weed alight , lets the smoke spill out between his lips and over his beard , and then continues his story .
the driver , reportedly a relative of the owner of the illicit weed , landed in the county jail and probably would stay there for the next four hundred years if the judge got his way .
` ` not sure , they just follow the weed , wherever it may lead ... '' ` ` hey , i like that , '' said martin .
i m not exaggerating when i tell you that the thing was like a bloody traffic cone and once lit there was no going back to normality until the weed had decided that it had had enough of making you laugh uncontrollably followed by forcing you to stuff yourself stupid with whatever food you could get your hands on .
true to my fathers quote however , the summer spent dazed in the weed was soon over and i had to head off to university in london .
before i knew it i was married to a ... well kinda caring and kind wife and had a beautiful ... well kinda beautiful daughter and i m ... well , was the president of ... well , at least i m off the weed ... well , at least i do nt inhale anymore , so thanks dre !
see how easily i got you thinking about weed ?
down in the galley , chainsaw - boy quickly found the boxes he was looking for , considering that grog and weed was all they had taken with them .
they kept thinking jipson would offer to increase their wages since they had been good about not showing up messed up from drinking or partying with weed , but some things are predictable and that is that good things will work around to be screwy in the end for those working .
the label had faded and puckered up with heat from being in a window for many summers , and , no doubt , from having the weed killer dribble over it .
oh ... , juans cousin said , turning the bottle of weed killer so that he could read more of the small print , it says to avoid washing the victims skin after contact .
a : one of those potheads from school thought i had weed !
being somewhat lower in some areas under the towel , and higher in others , the patch of cactus with the towel floating on top of it still did not remotely resemble a chaise lounge , unless you have been smoking weed , inhaling laughing gas and sucking on a straw inserted into a watermelon rigged with way too much vodka .
does anyone have any more weed ?
that s why she needs her weed , said stacie drolly .
all my weed is gone .
ah , hell , i need more weed .
why did n't you guys stop me before i did all that weed and shit ?
there were five of them still eating burritos and drinking beers , and three plastering the wall and drinking beers , and three lying on the floor smoking weed , and itzel sleeping .
i do nt feel bad smoking weed .
but the weed has stolen our future in a much more insidious manner ; over the last ten years year more than ninety seven percent of our children were born infertile .
the smell of nachos in the morning weed : things 'll liven up now , you 'll see .
pebble : ( sobbing ) nachos in the morning weed : yes sir .
weed : he stripped every leaf , the bastard .
yo - yo : hi weed .
'' see you , weed . ''
ugly looking bastard , ai n't he , weed ?
with the weed headed his way , doug sighed contentedly , now this is a holiday party .
he s not going to recommend thames weed !
you should try the demon weed sometime , you really should .
you naughty boy , you smoke too much weed .
he and derek shared many a bottle , kicking back after work on the days they d run out of weed , with a couple of gentleman jacks on ice to soften the sharp edges of the day .
too much alcohol and weed had killed his brain cells .
first off , patchouli : students took over the neighborhood in the 1960s , owing to its proximity to the university of bc ; they smoked up a storm of weed and needed something to cover it up .
i forgot what it was like to be the only nerd at a party choosing not to smoke weed or drink until i puked .
the boy could only admit the truth : that he had gotten lazy , he had fallen in with some bad friends who used his extra money to buy weed , that he had broken up with a girlfriend and feel into a pit of depression about himself and yes , that he probably just wanted some attention .
it was a sad time in paris , once the city of love , and now the city of canine savagery , lesbian loyalists ( with weed whackers ) and roaming hordes of cuban national hookers forcing people to have their bodies waxed and their gall bladders removed for safe keeping.or was that part of a different documentary about how adopted children cope with being raised by washed - up singer song writers , or maybe it was all of the above .
cody had shaken his head at him so he would nt answer dick weed .
i pulled a chair next to codys desk and propped my feet on ricks and said to the aversion across the room , you know one of these days i m gon na be in here when lieutenant anders yells from his office , dick weed !
i paused dramatically , grinned and said , the man in my bed was nt dick weed , it was just a nightmare .
but unlike you , dick weed , i do nt kiss and tell .
and i have absolutely no passion for dick weed .
my parents , cody , morgan , rick , lt . anders , rosy , dick weed , camilla , tammy , cheri , felicia and nona .
oh nice , chloe , dick weed whined .
i glared at weed and asked , why are you here , dick weed ?
i glared at weed and asked , why are you here , dick weed ?
i ignored her and kept my unsteady glare on dick weed until he answered me .
i looked at dick weed , straightened my mouth and said , no , his name is nt gon na miraculously come to me .
i smiled a smile with no humor and said , i bet you wish i could nt remember your name , huh dick weed ?
we sat in silence a few minutes and then she asked , must you call richard , dick weed ?
no , that was nt dick weed .
but you have to admit my puking kept dick weed at arms length and at the foot of the bed and away from my friends .
you should let me call cody or dick weed .
i ignored them both and instead asked , did you write down the plate number so i could call dick weed ?
did you say dick weed ?
what is dick weeds number ?
okay , the real reason is that i know a woman that has really ticked me off and i want to get her back by setting her up with dick weed .
good one , dick weed .
she then said , last night you told me rick and his brother brandon checked out the parking lot and you called dick weed about the license plate .
standing to the side of me was lt . anders , dick weed , rosy and a bunch of sheriff deputies i did nt know .
she must have tripped , dick weed , said smiling at me .
not just glances but stares from lt . anders , dick weed and rosy .
you can blame the weed .
no booze , weed , no hallucinogenics .
you would smoke hash and weed ; you looked at people with cool graffiti on their backpacks and wondered who the smiths and toad the wet sprocket were .
this will spice things up for a bit , but then you will start smoking weed to avoid dealing with her .
this may be a mistake , as weed is probably not one of her prescribed meds .
also , the weed high may make you think that she is a man for a part of the evening .
but you re not a sicko - you re high on weed .
and if you re straight , the four gay white men in your neighborhood may help rat you out for weed favors from the local tribesmen .
there are two irrefutable facts in low - income areas : gay men love weed , and black men love selling weed .
there are two irrefutable facts in low - income areas : gay men love weed , and black men love selling weed .
these people are weed addicts who are only concerned with their own worlds .
we used to be able to travel with ziploc bags of weed in shampoo bottles and take steroids in tylenol bottles over international borders , but since 9/11 , we have been at the mercy of all the conspiracy - theorists - turned - freedom - fighters , turned border - patrol officers .
quite a tenacious little beast that weed was .
she figured that the first step would be to take out the man controlling the weed .
i might have bought weed from him a couple of times .
they stared at her headstone before ilove snapped from his sombre reflection and clicked his fingers , i buried some weed here !
there were always two of us there were always two of you i always wanted to be alone i always needed to be with you ` ` i did n't , '' said to police at a party alright , weed was involved , you too .
` ` we gave him some new weed and a castle to play in , '' said jackie .
glancing around she noticed a can of deluxe weed killer .
the director was as hot as one of his brother celso 's welding torches to burn their cbp uniformed asses since they busted his son with a pound and a half of weed at the lukeville port of entry southwest of tucson a little over three months ago .
somebody must have left the weed in the car when my son was partying on the gulf at our place at rocky point . ''
pancho 's youngest brother mercato had once been prosecuted at the director 's insistence for being caught with a mere fifty grams of weed at the san luis port of entry .
dino the local go to guy when you needed some really righteous weed at not totally outrageous prices .
now , these days , all the hip kids only smoke weed .
the heat made me light headed and the weed hit hard .
it was impossible to acquire a physical dependency on weed .
an hour later julia had to get to her english class and i had to get home because i had a little under a half ounce of weed and a brownie recipe waiting for me , so we said our goodbyes .
chapter 26 the next week i was out of weed and justin was my guy .
he 's got weed too .
just a couple grams of shrooms and a quarter of weed , justin said .
uhm i used to buy weed from hank , she said , what do you do ?
i used to buy weed from hank .
where 'd you get this fucking weed ? ''
` ` and a lot of weed , '' stan answered .
he smokes weed and eats when he is n't playing baseball .
heather was there as well , giving john a displeased look for smoking the evil weed .
hey , i was selling big pieces to hotels and restaurants , thank you very much , while he was pissing around running weed in the bahamas .
tough as it ll be ill give up the weed too tomorrow morning .
he decided he would finally partake and take his first ahit @ of the devil weed .
two months later lloyd and ellen found a bag full of weed in their parents dresser .
after a month of searching , talking to every kid that even exchanged two words with the victim , they arrested a boy she 'd been seen smoking weed with at school .
there ll be plenty of beer and weed and maybe some poppers .
the place was getting cloudy with weed .
lots of dancing and boozing and the inevitable smell of weed .
a bit of weed mixed in with their bacon and eggs worked a treat , better than any fix the nhs was giving them .
after the deewee i d decided to cut out the weed too and i felt like , brain damaged most of the time .
its about fifty yards , dick weed , whit said .
that dick weed broke it !
he often found woods , or a park , ticked off his list , then he would come back and smoke weed , or some evenings visit filippa .
the weed was expensive , so he sometimes went to town and got electrical goods .
danny had his weekly ounce of good weed delivered on a certain day .
that day he d heat up sake to drink while he sorted the weed in a shoebox .
we attended a party in a barracks full of stubble headed marine recruits where doug found fanatic leslie west fans and the best weed we had encountered since the west coast .
we smoke a joint of buddha weed , i eat the yogurt joyce has gone out for earlier , we gather up all the necessary papers .
we are stoned on buddha weed , the whole thing is in slow motion .
they smoked a lot of local weed to help them get through their withdrawals .
he used to fuss about weed the same way .
its just the weed ... the combination , he says , blinking .
fifteen minutes later they were back in gena 's trailer , alone with an ounce of reasonably tolerable weed .
she owes me some money and i might be able to score some weed for free off of her .
all he wanted to do was smoke weed and party all the time , not take care of a family .
i m also thinking i might be able to score some weed from her too .
i keep in touch with my parents , my weed guy , and of course ray , who serves as my siphon to our social circle .
back when we were roommates a birthday was a sacred event that involved tons of drinking , tons of weed , and tons of people .
i ' m expecting a buzz from my weed guy so i get up to grab it , careful not to wake kara .
jake needed to wait for his last two paychecks from chicago to be mailed , so we hung out in the land of a thousand lakes for a few weeks and trimmed weed for his drug dealer friend in exchange for room and board .
i miss that weed .
the weed in seattle is mighty fine and my stockbroker gets it at a premium .
he gave the yellow weed to one of sitting girls .
addiction to something mundane like alcohol or weed or scary , like heroin or meth ?
he had indeed spent almost all his time in college studying , though he d smoked his share of weed at squatch hill .
fridays are saved for their weekly get - together of drinking vodka and smoking medicinal weed .
she is smoking weed in the house and drinking alcohol with her friends .
i do nt know if it was the weed that randal had given them or if they had their own .
last week he was saying how much he liked the weed i brought so i thought he d like to have a little more .
as near as i remember , he did nt actually say when he saw billy or how often or that he was nt getting kilos of weed from him .
my next order of business was to visit wanda and buy two more kilos of weed .
if not , there d be enough weed pounded into the highway that hippies would be coming upstate and trying to smoke asphalt .
gus told the cops that he bought weed from billy paul .
he had weed .
said that billy would have to get back to dealing his weed when he needed money again .
when they strode onto the floor , the sight of them had been enough to fill jinya with a deep carefree feeling she rarely experienced without the help of weed .
the first time i ever smoked weed i was sixteen .
its a new month , i have new cash in my pocket , and i m tired of being treated as a charity case , always smoking garretts weed , or borrowing from cindy and andrews stash .
because we do nt have any weed or diet pills .
his back had spasms and stuff , and of course he needed the medical weed , did nt want to toke up in front of the sfpd .
good thing he did nt have weed , this would give him nightmares , jj thought .
more likely tonys boys just could nt make the swim anymore , for sure he had done some decent weed back in the day .
college was practically free , rents were tiny , students could study and smoke awesome weed and still have time to protest because they did nt need two and three jobs .
i only smoke a bit of weed .
would the goodly gentlemen in blue buy my story that i just needed to get to the shop , surrounded as i was by weed and crack - cocaine commerce in all its shadowy glory ?
uh , no , i do nt need any weed .
would she dare smoke weed inside the house ?
he sat on a bench sentencing drug users to long prison sentences , and though it was years ago , helen knew he had smoked weed and dallied with cocaine in the early days of his legal practice .
is it true that the dumbrells weed on shorties head ?
whatever she was on , he did not think it was weed .
she considered looking to see if there was any weed in the house and rolling a joint , but quickly dismissed the idea from her mind .
do we still have any weed ?
it was relatively easy to figure out when they were like i have a very supportive family my mother built this extra wing in the house for me with a special shower and gym i interview girls to light my weed pipe for me and stick their cute little rubber gloved fingers up my ass to get the shit out and i always make sure i hire the hottest youngest ones of course these answers came from people who had some money .
frequently he smoked weed in there , i could smell it wafting out .
i promised the lady i could score her some really fine weed .
are you crazy , my parents know what weed smells like .
where will the wacky weed come from if the borders are on full alert and patrol ?
they stood out , puffing at slant weed cigarettes , sometimes laughing , sometimes watching the people passing on the streets in the late afternoon ; or looking beyond them at the riverboats with white roofs that reflected the sun so blindingly they could be mistaken as floating beacons in the freshwater ; or at the casinos with neon signs , which lined the opposite bank of the river .
cigar and cigarette smoke tinted with weed cascade by in the damp air as i turn the corner .
led zepplins whole lotta love began pumping out of the open windows as the scent of cigar and weed bellowed down on us from above .
i never had trouble but i heard stories in high school about kids being held up when they drove down to buy weed .
he grabbed the shell and knocked out the weed ash into the pile of cigarette ash .
there was harrison act , where to have weed , it had to be taxed but if you went to get it taxed you were in possession so it was a catch fuck you .
his birthday came and went , and all john could muster in celebration was a card with fifty dollars in it , a gift that was gone before the weekend was over when sam spent it on some experimental weed instead of the videogame he had been trying to save for .
if i had prepared i would have researched facts on the effects weed had on a young mind and the laziness it encourages at a time when he needed to be at his most ambitious .
but i could nt help feeling like a tyrant when he groaned , stuffing the plastic bag of weed in my hand ; i pocketed it just as john poked his head in the room .
he thought the weed would help him escape from the pain of rejection , but the pain only intensified as he sank under the weight of his own mind , grabbing onto the last thought he d had before he went under to keep from falling too deep .
he did nt even mind that i called him out on his possession of weed , appreciating that i cared enough to set boundaries , despite how he argued with me .
i ended up sitting on a couch and pulling out one of my books i carried around , sandwiched between a guy who kept offering me a doobie despite my insistence that i did nt smoke weed , and a couple who appeared to be trying to find something down each others throats with their tongues .
i m not about to admit i ve got any weed with fresh in the room .
he can get you beer , he can afford to score bags of weed at all times , he can drive you to and from the parties , he will cover for you when you need to lie , and he has enough money to float you petty cash every day .
theo had tried various drugs in his sixteen years - coke , speed , amyl nitrate , weed .
he remembered one of his friends telling him that smoking weed and drinking at the same time was like ` ` pissing into the wind '' , but theo did n't see why he could n't do both at the same time .
maybe this was what was meant by ` ` pissing in the wind '' - the weed and the alcohol cancelled each other out .
the hawthorn sherriff , clay hamm , found bobby sitting under an overpass on highway 60 , smoking weed with darrin -- the unnamed teenage boy said to be a drug dealer and prostitute on the topix board -- while coming home from a dinner date with his wife .
it was only now , on reflection , that he realized that the trips had intervened to retrieve their dime bag of weed .
together they find booze , cigarettes , weed , various pharmaceuticals as well as an expected large cache of illegal drugs smokeable , inhaleable , digestible and shootable .
i here comes a long speech about how you even get a buzz on coffee so very little chemical substances are needed to launch you off this parochial and mundane domain and into the stratosphere , and that you deliberately mix a little of this and thatheroin one time , cocaine , hashish , methamphetamines , weed , mushrooms , or whatever the nextand this mixing does not an addict make , and makes for less of an impact crater .
there was plenty of weed , too , but we did nt make that too obvious because we did nt want to get arrested for pot when the main idea was to stop the damn war in vietnam .
the first bell rings and all the car doors open at once and everybody is putting cigarettes out in the dirt , but not me because if coach sees me sucking on a weed , that 's it for football , so i just stick the last slice of orange in my mouth .
and no vietnamese girls getting in the way or harassing me to buy weed or beer .
but if they take us too far away from the path of our true heart or prevent us from reaching our highest good or inner spirit then they re weeds .
he also used to have a sideline in drug sellingmainly steroids and weed .
he is probably back at selling steroids and weed again , but we have nt caught him at it yet .
we really do nt have a thing to hold him on other than he had a bit of weed on him .
or maybe he was about to make a withdrawal from his weed stash .
one time when we were doin some weed , she told me once that ted said he d kill her if she ever spoke about some things .
` ` look , i know nearly every kid on the north shore has smoked weed , okay ?
` ` he grows weed and plays guitar . ''
eddie never touches hard stuff like ice , only weed , so everybody 's cool with it . ''
with a weed whacker ?
scott sold several bags of weed to a couple of punk freshmen and was careful not to intermingle the receipts .
hopefully he would chalk this all up to bad weed and let it go .
out of her head on weed or crack or whatever is in fashion these days .
i think joanna is the one who s been getting into the weed .
joe took a slow drag on a joint , inhaled , then offered the burning weed to brock .
the smell of weed hung in the room like a sweet curtain .
but a little weed , a few shots in some expensive lingerie or a designer bikini , it was easy enough to get them out of their clothes .
in the past two years alone she s been arrested twice for soliciting , three times for possession of weed , three times for assaulting her male customers .
that bag of weed has more to do with why you re here , maam , a second deputy clipped back .
the third hundred he slipped into his piggy bank : a fireproof floor safe containing cash , weed , and several unlicensed handguns .
they just enjoyed driving , smoking a little weed , and sipping some beers .
i met him at the weed whackers ball in wise river last summer , shane said after his blush subsided .
and keeping to the formulaic image of these hipsters , he smoked more weed than a wildfire on the african savanna .
she was nt a user , not even any weed , and she had a strict policy .
we smoked a lot of weed together .
when he got here , we fired up some weed , reminisced about the old days , and how we might throw a few wrenches in the gears .
beats hustling weed or shoplifting .
when he left , he emptied the last of the cocaine , the meth , and the weed remaining in his bags .
language differences british slang : meaning a autumn : fall b bike : woman of loose morals bollocking : stern reprimand born the wrong side of the blanket : illegitimate child brief : a suspects lawyer bright spark : clever person builders bum : bottom cleavage buttie : sandwich by - blow : illegitimate child c chippie : carpenter / fish and chip shop / a person inclined to be snappish ( chippy ) come clean : tell the truth cracking up : having a nervous breakdown cup of builders : strong tea cup of rosie lee ( cockney rhyming slang ) : tea d divvy up : share out do a ( moonlight ) flit : disappear ( suspiciously suddenly ) dodgy : illegal dodgy person : a person of suspect morals ( in a legal sense ) do / doing a bunk : disappear ( usually before the law or creditors catch up with you ) done a bunk : ditto ef easy : morally lax ( in a sexual sense ) i m easy : happy to go along with everyone else flabbergasted : astonished full wack : full price g get your marching orders : to be sacked , dismissed give someone a bell : telephone someone give something the once - over : check something out gnashers : teeth gobsmacked : astonished , shocked ( got ) form : got a criminal record grass up : inform on someone to the police grotty : horrible hi half - inch = pinch ( cockney rhyming slang ) : steal have it out : brisk exchange of views high - falluting : fancy , posh iffy whistle ( whistle and flute = suit ( cockney rhyming slang ) : stolen suit of male clothing in a jiff / jiffy : quickly / soon jkl jiffy bag : padded envelope lets get cracking : lets get on with it m measly : very little moolah : money more front than brighton / you ve got some front : plenty of chutzpah no old lags : prison inmates ( usually recidivist ( repeat offender ) on someones watch : while responsible for pqr pikey : traveller , gypsy pillock : idiot porkie pie ( cockney rhyming slang ) : lie rat - arsed / pissed : drunk right pillock : total idiot right plonker : total idiot s scrote : insult , short for scrotum scumbag = slag ( cockney rhyming slang ) : insult ( low - life male character ) short and curlies : pubic hair shtum : do nt tell anyone , keep quiet slag : toe - rag = slag ( cockney rhyming slang ) : insult ( low - life male character ) slag : insult ( female character of low morals ) skedaddle : make oneself scarce / escape snout : police informer sparks : electrician sparksll fly : a situation will become inflamed sticky situation : difficult t tea - leaf ( cockney rhyming slang ) : thief tetchy : irritable , touchy , snappish toe - rag = slag ( cockney rhyming slang ) : insult ( low - life male character ) tosser : insult ( male given to personal sexual abuse ) trouble and strife ( cockney rhyming slang ) : wife turn a girls head : make her smitten / keen on someone uv up to ones eyeballs : very busy wxyz wasted : very drunk whistle and flute ( cockney rhyming slang ) : suit of male clothing wuss : weakling you make me crack up : you make me laugh ( sometimes used in a sarcastic manner ) you ve got some front : plenty of chutzpah british spelling v us spelling alternative - v - alternate colour - v - color grey - v - gray labour - v - labor neighbour - v - neighbor organise - v - organize practice ( doctors practice ) -v - practice practise ( as in to practise doing something ) -v - practice queue - v - qu ( ? )
he supposed it was marijuana , although the weed he d seen in the past had been like loose tobacco .
he tapped out the weed he d crumbled , distributing it evenly from one end of the cigarette paper to the other , rolled it , licked the edge to seal it , twisted the ends so none of the material would drop out , wet the end with the tip of his tongue before placing the reefer between his lips .
the opened package of weed lay on the table .
his gaze fell on the partially wrapped package of weed sitting on the drop - leaf table .
he was still puzzled over the experience he d had when he d toked on the weed a few days ago , was curious to try it again .
he picked out the coarse stems and poured the powdered weed it into the bowl of cookie mix and stirred .
thank god he d thought to flush the bulk of the weed down the toilet early that morning .
do nt let him look at the size 14 label on the collar , or the 28 waist on the trousers he d found himself wearing after each of the times he d toked on that crazy weed .
he , or rather hyde , had nt blown any of the weed .
eddie hyde had become doc jake kell without the weed .
well , there was one way to find out if the weed still worked .
he did nt know what a mutant was but he had to agree that the weed was potent and unpredictable what effects ?
he knew he had to be smoking weed , did nt he just now have a glimpse of hyde ?
could this spacey feeling have something to do with the weed that big red - bearded bastard had given him .
another thing : he had only smoked one of the three joints he had rolled before flushing the bulk of the weed down the toilet .
what about the weed ?
thirteen if this were dayton or cincinnati , hyde would have no trouble reaching a dealer and getting to the big guy with the beard who d given him the weed .
i need more of the weed you gave me .
even nicer if he could figure a way to get both the weed and a few of the c - notes .
it was packed with weed .
oh well , at least the bastard had nt taken the bag of weed .
the bag of weed he d gotten from victor , he tossed on the couch .
he was nt sure if it was the same as the weed victor had given him before , but he d take it to ram , let him give it to his friend to run tests on .
christ , it d been three days since he d given ram the bag of weed to be tested .
the weed was nt working as predictably as it did at first .
he hurried into the bathroom , dumped the weed in the toilet bowl and flushed it until the last remnant had disappeared .
hyde had flushed the rest of the weed down the toilet .
at least he now knew there was some weed left and he knew where it was .
how many times now had he escaped from hydes body even without the weed ?
someone has been smoking the weed .
some space - cadet flower child picked up the call and told me vince was out trying to score some weed , and that i should call back later .
i knew the cook at tubbys sold weed , so i figured he could nt rat on me .
i thought you swore off the devils weed .
its also where the older kids would hang out at night and smoke their weed and cigarettes and drink beer .
got any weed ?
lots of people smoke and accept the black market status of weed .
saut a half ounce of weed in butter .
cleaned weed , of course .
jimson weed is another powerful hallucinogen and is notoriously unpredictable .
i saw two young men on tv who were on jimson weed and one of them was smoking an imaginary cigarette in full belief that it was real .
a homeless guy sleeping in the basement who had a couple of bags of weed on him so he got upgraded to murdering crack dealer .
brac swore he d stop hangin with this jerk , but christian always had good weed and good weed was hard to come by nowadays .
brac swore he d stop hangin with this jerk , but christian always had good weed and good weed was hard to come by nowadays .
he liked it especially when the old fart would turn him on to some good weed .
he and his friends were n't heavily into the dope scene , but he had hung out at his buddy weed 's house - clue for parents : if your kid is nicknamed ` ` weed , '' it probably has little to do with legitimate gardening - when his folks were out of town .
he and his friends were n't heavily into the dope scene , but he had hung out at his buddy weed 's house - clue for parents : if your kid is nicknamed ` ` weed , '' it probably has little to do with legitimate gardening - when his folks were out of town .
we called him weed , for crying out loud . ''
like weed and sweat mixed together .
yep ... his ass is grass if he hurts himself on our wedding day .
` ` a minute ago it was a couple hits of weed .
but he was n't just drinking , was n't just smoking weed anymore .
bad enough i found the baggy of weed in his jeans pocket when i did laundry a few days ago .
i ' m sure if i dug around in your room right now , i 'd find some weed too .
tate had brought a bunch of weed and a few pills with him .
i stuck to the weed , even though he threw a bag of pills at me .
but every rare once in a while , a little bit of weed is a necessity .
yeah , but for him weed really is a gateway drug to worse things .
` ` you could use some weed , '' brennan told her .
i threw another weed and we both watched it hit peter in the face .
` ` weed is n't that bad , '' i rebut .
when we part , i say , ` ` someone would make a lot of money if they invented odorless weed .
does weed make you stupid ?
maybe it 's good weed . ''
the weed whacker that had attacked my hair had clearly gotten a good shot at my big bro too .
i got the jeep at a junkyard and some of the guys who took auto shop fixed it up for some weed i stole from asa .
i ' m racking my brain for some sort of memory that has her in it , but the weed has totally put a haze in my head , putting me right where i want to be - numb and obliviously stupid .
lots and lots of pain masked over by weed .
her lips are dry and taste like weed , but i close my eyes and kiss her back , shutting myself down as i lean over her and we collapse against the bed .
i follow her , walking into a room full of humidified smoke tainted with the stench of weed , dingy plaid sofas , and a cracked coffee table .
i grab the pipe and bag of weed tristan lent me from off the dresser and my sketchpad from out of my duffel bag , then i sink down on the bed .
i ' ve never smoked weed myself .
smoke weed , i mean . ` ` .
i ' m exhausted , and even thinking feels like a huge f**king project , but i need to find a job because i ' m running out of money and weed and i need to start paying rent .
i made it when i decided to take a hit of acid , because weed was n't doing anything for the internal agony .
` ` i think it had something to do with the fact that i 'd smoked a lot of weed and did ... other stuff , and then fell in a rosebush that day and went home and ate some skittles . ''
` ` no , do you smoke weed a lot ?
i ' m not sure what dylan 's and tristan 's reasons are for smoking an abundance of weed ; whether tristan does it just because or if it 's how he deals with the death of his sister , ryder .
i blame it on the weed still lingering in my system , because i ' m normally more careful than this .
i ' ve become a pro at pushing people away , and now suddenly i ' m f**king careless - it has to be the weed .
the cup hits him in the forehead , and some of the liquid in it spills on the weed .
i wonder if she lied to me when she said she had n't smoked weed since college - and if she did , why ?
i drop down on the couch and stare at the pile of weed and the joints burning in the ashtray , wondering if i should put them out because there 's a lot of potent smoke flooding the room .
my thoughts drift to the first time i ever found out landon smoked weed .
i blink the thought from my head , rub my watery eyes , and pluck a flake of weed from the pile and hold it between my thumb and my finger .
the old quinton - the good , sober one - would have snatched it right out of her hand , because it 's obvious she 's never smoked weed before and she 's doing it to cover up something .
i can tell we 're about to head down that path , paved of weed , smoke , and senseless nonsense that can only be found when the mind hits an idyllic state of stupidity , and i do n't want to do that .
` ` nova , did you ... did you smoke weed ?
` ` why did you smoke weed then ? ''
but deep down , i ' m already desperately longing for the brief silence the weed gave and the split second of comfort kissing quinton brought me .
chapter 8 july 12 , day 54 of summer break quinton i ' ve felt like shit for the last couple weeks , even though i ' m smoking more weed than usual .
dylan bought a bunch of weed from various dealers and he 's got the three of us testing them , to see which kind is the best .
either he just really wants some good weed , or he 's planning on selling some on his own and wants to check out the competition .
but i was to trying to find something else about him , other than he likes art , he lived in seattle , and he smokes weed .
she unzips it , and i ' m starting to get really curious about what the hell she 's doing when she takes out a glass pipe and a small plastic bag full of weed .
she opens the bag and picks up a pinch of weed .
she fills the pipe with weed and grabs a lighter out of the backpack .
` ` delilah , why did you lie to me when i asked you if you were smoking weed again ? ''
i can almost feel the burn of the weed just from looking at it , along with the brief contentment that followed afterward , and i ' m surprised how much my mind craves it .
i keep sorting through the pictures while delilah turns on the ceiling fan , relaxes against the headboard of my twin bed , and starts smoking the weed .
i wonder if she can smell the weed or see it in my eyes .
i smell a little like smoke mixed with the scent of the perfume i used to try and cover up the stench of the weed stuck in the fabric of my clothes and in my hair .
she wraps her arms around me , squeezing me way too tightly , and i wonder if she can smell the weed on me or if i ' ve aired out enough .
i thought i smelled a hint of weed beneath her perfume when we were back at her house , and i wonder if she 'd been smoking it or something .
the air is spicy and sticky and smells like sweat , cigarettes , and weed .
when his hands graze my hips , my body settles even more and a strange quietness surfaces in me , one that i ' ve only been able to get through weed .
as tears start to spill out , i take a deep drag of the cigarette that has a flake of weed shoved into the tip , trying to stop crying .
i do n't know what his likes and dislikes are , or what he does besides smoke a lot of weed and drink .
smoking weed , i think . ''
i ' m confused because it smells like weed , but he 's smoking a cigarette .
his breath is hot against my skin and smells pungently of weed .
somewhere between the weed , watching her lips move , and her strange yet insightful words , i get caught up in it all - in her - and suddenly i ' m pressing my lips against hers .
she acted like she was into me , and my head was too obscured by alcohol and weed to do anything else but act upon it .
and all i can do is go back and smoke some more weed and hope it gives silence to me .
` ` i felt disconnected , like it was n't real , like someone had made a mistake and put the wrong name on the headstone and that really landon was at home sketching the mountains or maybe the trees outside while he smoked weed and lost track of time , because that seemed more plausible then him deciding he 'd rather be underneath the ground than up here with me . ''
the moment is so real , so raw and fresh , that i ca n't help but want to find a way to capture it and keep it forever , because soon it will be replaced by alcohol and weed or numbers and order .
i ca n't help but smile as i light the weed , and once it 's kindling i suck in a toxic hit .
the silence the weed has been instilling in me has suddenly become too silent .
if we had enough money for a cheap hotel room , we spent it on booze and weed .
she introduced me to a world of weed and we 'd spend hours hav**g s*x , never really talking , making our relationship easy and perfect , never complicated .
i mean , i get high and everything with weed and i ' ve tried coc**ne a few times , but her**n is a whole other ballgame , one i ' m not sure i want to play .
` ` i ' ve been with you for the last six months and i ' ve never seen you do anything but weed and coke . ''
i mean he did weed and stuff and i just do pills .
he grows copious amounts of weed in his basement , but he 's not a pothead .
and damon says weed just is n't his thing .
no , damon 's drug of choice is coc**ne and he only grows and sells weed to pay for his coc**ne habit .
she knows that he does n't smoke weed and says that weed really is n't that bad and if other people want to smoke it to chill out and relax , that she sees no harm in damon helping with that .
she knows that he does n't smoke weed and says that weed really is n't that bad and if other people want to smoke it to chill out and relax , that she sees no harm in damon helping with that .
and i can guarantee that was n't just a baggie of weed . ''
at danika 's insistence , i even tossed her bong , grimacing slightly at all of the wasted weed .
the pills and weed she has stashed all over her room .
my little bro 's had a weed habit for over a year - parties so hard he 'd put most of the brotherhood to shame , and they have no idea . ''
` ` you two have spent too much time in doc 's weed , '' owen said , walking away now that the drama had passed .
` ` weed ? ''
i 'd also seen him high , back in the day , and guessed he still partook but my guess was he partook of weed .
coke , heroin , weed , none of it gave him a buzz like being on the back of his bike .
he**in , crack , weed , you name it , you 're on it .
i did n't doubt his effort , but i started to think he 'd been taking weed and simply imagined you into existence . ''
by buying weed and alcohol and finding me pills when i run out .
is he smoking weed or something ?
he ca n't recall taking any poppers or smoking any weed , but there 's definitely something in his system .
` ` you 're smoking weed again ? ''
` ` no , gage , i ' m not smoking weed again .
smoking weed by the time he was thirteen , addicted to crack by seventeen , graduating to heroin at twenty .
he 'd been the loner bad boy who smoked weed and cigarettes and wandered the strip looking for a f**k or a fight .
so , when i met sean the weekend before graduation - when i finally met the infamous sean tacoma , the weed dealer i 'd never met ( because i was always left in the car while alec ran in ) -i could n't help but be smitten .
she offered to sell the weed for me , but she wanted something in return .
but tess thought she could get a lot of money from the weed , and i needed money .
the weed keeps me mellow , so the crowd does n't bother me much .
there was n't enough weed on earth to get him through four days with aunt hilda , uncle fred , and those two ridiculous teenage cousins , delbert and oliver .
i looked at dammon , about to ask him if weed was his idea of better - than - a - baseball - bat , but he got on his knees in front of me and i was totally distracted .
i even tried smoking a little weed after i got home , but unfortunately , it did nt work .
nobody had weed at the party , so we left with some guys to find one of our connections .
the weed smoking might be a problem , but i had nt intended to rush that decision too quicklyever the optimist .
he , ahsmokes weed , so i probably wo nt .
everyone smokes weed in this state , darling .
in fact , the only thing i continue to notice at all is the sound of my dad weed - eating outside .
i ca nt stress enough that you need some booze , weed , meds , something to get you back on the right track .
then some weed started to circulate the room .
she flipped her sunglasses down over her eyes and took another look , while pretending to excavate the weed from her sock .
one of them strolls up to the car , eyeing us both like we are prime cuts , or in his case , two large pizzas and a bag of weed .
my last boyfriend had earned that title when i tried weed for the first time .
when the weed whacker started whirring outside , i jumped up .
she just had guys - a succession of mucky , sulky , black - eyed gypsies strutting about her caravan in colourful neckties with pockets full of weed .
just because i live in arizona does nt mean i let my hair grow out and smoke weed , and drink teas stuffed with syphilis .
every person i know from colorado does nt know what weed is .
well , while were waiting for gloria to sneak out and go smoke brazilian weed , why do nt we do touristy stuff ?
he was a big weed smoker , high from morning until night , and had decided to head to los angeles and try his luck , having run into some trouble locally he did nt want to talk about .
i hate to break it to you , girl , but even strait - laced guys like to smoke weed .
you re telling me that you re selling massive quantities of weed to an innocent .
chapter seven drake man , that is one seriously large bag of weed .
to him , this world was a bit of fun , a place to get his weed and maybe some kicks by picking up a local chick .
i put my hands on his hips and when i did , i felt the large bag of weed in his pants pocket .
lifting and dropping the obscenely large bag of weed on his desk , he sucked at his teeth .
i guess that means ill have to sell a generous amount of weed in a short amount of time !
maybe just alcohol and pot or weed , or whatever was the latest cool thing to call the stuff .
besides agent mulder and freddie , there was a redheaded kid in a ` ` free weed '' t - shirt , a stocky , dark - skinned guy in glasses who had yet to say a word , and a wide load in a ponytail who reminded ewan of comic book guy from the simpsons .
` ` geez , dude , '' the kid in the free weed shirt said .
shaggy the supporter of free weed said .
depends on if he had any weed on him .
it was nt much quieter backstage , and worse , it reeked of piss , weed , and cheap cologne .
its always been coke and weed with him , sweetheart .
you smoke weed ?
` ` way , dill weed , '' i retorted .
the smell of weed was in the air , and i noticed some blond chick passing a roach to one of the guys sitting in the lawn chairs by the fire .
` ` you realize , avery , that adam has probably been around beer and weed ?
` ` you know , dill weed , '' she said , slapping her hand on the table .
` ` that 's right , dill weed , '' ella said , her voice smug .
i glance up blearily now , to see one of them holding up a bag of weed .
he stank of weed and paid for his ice cream from a roll of hundreds so thick he needed an industrial - size rubber band . ''
yet , he remembered , she had brought it on herself with that damnable weed .
it had been a long night trying to keep the crazed ruler away from the animals while throwing stock and trying to figure out the logistics of his meeting with mara , all while under the influence of dr . drew 's polio weed , which seemed to affect the part of the brain that motivates one to sit in the corner and drool while staring at one 's hands .
t.j . and julian were n't inviting her to smoke weed with them , or to come over and play batman : arkham city on the playstation 3 .
you want some weed too ?
` ` oh , but it 's okay to smoke weed in here ? ''
lately , there was n't enough weed in the world to protect her .
i ' m lying on the sofa , spread - eagled , with a mound of weed on my stomach .
that 's , like , way too much weed for a kid .
` ` turn it on once in a while , dick weed .
hank 's primary claim to campus fame , i already knew , was that he always had weed , and the colonel told me that for four years , hank started every game without ever once playing sober .
` ` he loves weed like alaska loves sex , '' the colonel said .
an hour after the colonel left , resident stoner hank walsten dropped by to offer me some weed , which i graciously turned down .
pure alcohol and enough weed that she would probably flunk a drug test tomorrow .
mark got some weed . ''
they just smoked a bit more weed , took j 's share of the drug money , and leaned on rome to pick up the slack .
a weed whacker ? ''