i was becoming mesmerized by the way his dark blue swim trunks hung low on his hips .
her eyes fixed on the broad shoulders she remembered , the narrow waist , and those lean h*ps now encased in black hip - hugging swim trunks .
he wanted her in the pool with them , he in nothing but swim trunks and she in bathing suit exposed to his gaze ?
this man , clad in hip - hugging black swim trunks , exuded a power which seemed to draw her to him .
all he was wearing were swim trunks and a gold chain .
he looked so sexy with his chest bare , wearing only knee - length swim trunks and sandals .
his hands moved to the button on his swim trunks on their own volition .
he had a white t - shirt that did nothing to hide his muscles and dark blue swim trunks that looked expensive .
three men were standing at the water 's edge , one of them dripping from his swim trunks .
his fingers moved to his own swim trunks , slowly revealing his manhood .
he was tall with broad shoulders , wearing dark blue swim trunks and a megawatt smile .
his swim trunks were struggling to contain his erection .
` ` i do n't even own a pair of swim trunks .
becky came out with a pair of chloe 's father 's swim trunks .
a smile glowed in her heart as her eyes rested on trey 's muscular , towering form in swim trunks .
seeing donnie in his swim trunks and shirtless , genie was trying hard not to stare , but it was impossible .
you could have had me crawling about on all fours , waving my trunk and stabbing people in the rump with my tusks !
after what seemed like a long time , i turned around to see if marcus were near , and there he was walking towards me in knee - length black swimming trunks .
the color of his feathers reminded me of hunter 's fighting trunks .
when i looked back at the shore again , hunter was already out of the water and walking up the beach in his red trunks .
from where i was , and in the dark , i could n't be sure , but it seemed he was n't wearing anything but swim trunks or boxer briefs .
most wore skimpy little bikini bathing suits when they should have been wearing long , oversized swim trunks to camouflage their flabby , sagging bodies .
josh had removed his shirt and his swim trunks were so low on his waist a line of pubic hair became visible .
when darius looked down , he saw josh 's full erection protruding through his trunks .
he wore an elephant mask with an exaggerated trunk .
thomas wore black swim trunks and a pair of shades , while brianna wore her long blond hair in a ponytail and sported a bikini as well .
he shifted beside her , the bulge in his bathing trunks obvious .
not the beautiful trees and shoreline landscape , but the sight of shirtless rafe in bathing trunks that hung low on his hips and revealed his tanned body and hard abs .
no , i saw evan black shirtless and in swim trunks that clung in a way that made my sixteen - year - old hormones light up .
where are you headed in your swim trunks ? ''
the water glistened like small diamonds over his body as it ran down his muscular torso to disappear into his forest green swim trunks that rode dangerously low on his hips .
she chanced a glance down at giant bulge at the front of his trunks and licked her lower lip .
the stranger was shirtless , a pair of swim trunks hanging from his narrow hips .
okay , if he was overdressed in a pair of surfer - esque swim trunks , that meant everyone else was wearing ...
i quickly strip max down and get him into a swim diaper and his red swimming trunks .
mike pointed at brandt 's swimming trunks .
she asked , ` ` do you have swimming trunks ? ''
the black and gray swim trunks that sofie had chosen for him sat low on his hips , revealing the defined , muscular shape of his abdomen and pelvic bones .
a fine line of hair crept all the way down his stomach , disappearing under the waistband of his trunks ...
he changed into a pair of swim trunks that hang dangerously low on that sexy v - shaped pelvis that i knew he must have but am only now getting a good look at .
he sat on the towel , crouched in the umbrella 's shade , wearing a hat and sunglasses and swim trunks .
he did n't look rich , either ; his entire ensemble , the flip - flops and the swim trunks , the hat and the cast - aside shirt , had come from a wal - mart or some even cheaper dollar store .
his paws were up against the glass before wes was within half a mile , wearing nothing but swim trunks .
wes appeared a moment later , his swim trunks covered in big red hawaiian flowers on a white background contrasting with his tanned skin - all that tanned skin wrapping his muscles .
he 'd come out here clad in his swim trunks and a smile.when he closed his eyes , it was easy to pretend he was on a beach .
they stil wore their swim trunks , but they also wore t - shirts and flip - flops , so they were n't total y inappropriate as they strutted down the isles , grabbing what they wanted .
the animals they led , however ... the elephant whined , its trunk lifting , revealing fangs sharper than any demon 's .
if troy had told him to wear swim trunks as a prank and this turned out to be some swanky dinner , ryker was going to beat him into kidney failure .
a door swung open , revealing troy - in swim trunks , a t - shirt , and bare feet .
nathan stood in the shadows , a beer bottle in each hand , wearing long white swim trunks with a big red hibiscus pattern and a matching red tank that clung to every luscious muscle underneath and exposed the others across his shoulders and down his arms where his gorgeous flag tattoo blended perfectly .
i squealed as his damp swimming trunks left wet marks on my jeans .
no one will be admitted without a bikini ( or for the males , if you must bring one with you , swim trunks ) .no rsvp necessarymandatory bathing suits ?
neal garrett says , resplendent in neon green swim trunks .
his neon swim trunks glow in the dark .
he 's standing knee - deep in water in a pair of red trunks , his dark hair buzz - cut short and a string of beads around his neck .
he smiled mischievously , lowering his voice as he let his fingers glide over the bulge in zane '' s swim trunks .
he 's sporting a pair of inky blue swim trunks and nothing else besides his immaculately chiseled body .
logan stands before me in a pair of grey swim trunks .
seth is sitting under another tree not too far away , clad only in his swim trunks , listening to his ipod .
asher comes down wearing swim trunks and no shirt and is promptly sent back upstairs by my mother to get one .
on it was a picture of julian emerging from the surf , fully wet , his well - defined body alluringly bronzed , wearing rather skimpy black bathing trunks , water dripping from a dark lock dangling from his forehead , an arresting yet mischievous smile on his face .
i saw the man who had to be junior in the other corner wearing white trunks with a red waistband and stripes down the side .
i looked down and realized he was wearing a pair of swimming trunks .
pulling out her black bikini , along with his red , white and blue swimming trunks , he grinned broadly as he waved them at her .
she could feel swim trunks , but it still surprised her .
when he came down , she saw that he was wearing swim trunks and realized he planned to get in with her .
he looked good in his swim trunks , his broad chest and muscular arms bronzed from the sun , his wet hair tossed back off his face .
later that night , while i am getting ready , kenzie sends me a picture of ryder in his little swimming trunks that i bought for him , with his matching sandals and sunglasses .
i imagined a teenaged knox with light brown hair and sun kissed skin running around the house with sandy swim trunks and his mom chasing behind him , laughing and carrying on .
i stand up and catch a glimpse of knox 's swim trunks in the doorway to his bedroom .
colt was wearing aviator sunglasses and swimming trunks .
i pulled two large worms out of the zipper pocket of my swimming trunks .
` ` uh , did n't you bring a pair of swimming trunks ? ''
a clutch of photographs hung on the opposite wall above a leather sofa : a younger mr . anderson flanked by an older man and woman who , from the resemblance , had to be his parents ; mr . anderson when he was closer to my age , in swim trunks , suspended at the peak of his dive ; mr . anderson , sprinting , chest out , legs scissored wide as he crossed the finish line first .
he was wearing a pair of swim trunks and nothing else .
he shook his head , confused , and then realized he was wearing nothing but swim trunks .
they continued to walk , passing place after familiar place as if to rewind the past weeks : the spot near the gazebo where they 'd stood after graham chased her in only his swim trunks , the shuttered window of the deli where she 'd spilled the candy , the place where she 'd seen him on that very first day , looking distant and surprisingly sad , a sorrow so deep that it seemed to hold her there , just watching him .
he had answered the door wearing a pair of swim trunks and nothing else .
clad in a pair of leopard - print swim trunks and nothing else , he was sitting on the grass in his front yard , pulling the weeds that grew along the edge of the driveway .
` ` i do n't want you to feel overdressed , '' he said with a roguish grin , ` ` since i 'll be swimming sans trunks . ''
i reached down into his swim trunks , wanting to feel just how much he wanted me .
i reached behind me and slid my hand down into his swim trunks again .
it was hard to distinguish one from the other with their bulky muscles and giant floral swim trunks .
she could picture him on the beach in swim trunks , plunging into the surf , droplets glistening off his skin .
she dipped her hands into his swim trunks .
her breath hitched , her fingers twisting in the band of his swim trunks .
his seafoam - colored windbreaker clashed with flowered , knee - length swim trunks .
` ` hey , darce , '' max called , hitching his technicolor swim trunks higher on his hips as he strode toward the kitchenette , ` ` do n't forget to pack some of those juice box things , grape - blaster flavor .
the banded waist grazed the top of his low - riding drawstring swim trunks .
or rather in one hunkish guy lounging half - naked in parrot - patterned swim trunks .
and would n't he be shocked wide - eyed if he knew what she longed to do with the drawstring on his swim trunks ?
he advanced one stalking step at a time , flowered swim trunks riding low on his hips , t - shirt stretched across broad shoulders that had saved her just twenty - four hours before .
darcy looped her finger in the drawstring of his flowered swim trunks .
his erection was so damn obvious in his swim trunks , immediate , total immersion in the waterfall would be the best course of action .
she tugged at the waistband of his trunks , her hands clumsier than she would have liked , but he was wreaking havoc with her equilibrium right now .
a well - toned man in swim trunks and nothing more .
unlike her ex - fiance 's fair , all - american looks , this man was a rogue - from his dark hair , tanned skin and razor stubble , down to his baggy yet still sexy swim trunks .
his chest was broad , his abs well defined , his golden skin spattered with just the right amount of hair , which tapered into the swim trunks he wore .
wearing nothing but bathing trunks , he presented a powerful presence , all tanned muscle and gorgeous male .
his skin gleamed a deep bronze , dark hair tangling over the heavy muscles of his chest and angling down his ridged abdomen to disappear into blue swimming trunks .
they 're wearing swim trunks and i ca n't imagine why they are n't shivering to death .
the group of boys in swim trunks have moved their party to the water and are rough - housing in the cold waves , shouting and hollering .
dante bursts from the water , wearing gray swim trunks and shaking droplets from his hair as he lunges to grab me with a roar .
jonathan buckley led the pack , wearing fluorescent green swimming trunks that went down to his knees , a white undershirt , goofy sunglasses and an orange baseball hat .
ezra is wearing swim trunks , his shoulders red because he never wears sunscreen .
his shorts fall a little and hang ... in that way so his swim trunks are visible beneath .
she nodded her head toward a tall , blond , tanned guy coming down the lifeguard ladder in a pair of red swim trunks .
i ' m not wearing swim trunks , but the athletic shorts i have on will work just fine .
he 's wearing swim trunks in aqua , two or three shades darker than his eyes , and a white shirt , unbuttoned to reveal his wide chest and rippling abdominals .
trick in swim trunks and nothing else ?
as she came down from her release , brady pulled on some swim trunks and found a bathing suit for liz .
drew all sprawled on the warm sand , leaning back on his elbows , wearing low - riding swim trunks and nothing else , all those beautiful muscles on display .
logan is there , wearing nothing but wet swim trunks that hang deliciously from his hips .
i almost , key word being almost , wished i had n't seen how fine it looked because it had me adjusting myself in my swim trunks behind payton 's back as i followed her to the pool house to get something to eat .
i looked at the sleek comforter and thought about the mark my wet trunks would leave on it .
we now follow the prime meridian south to lisbon , where newly arrived mark diller , clad in swimming trunks and sunglasses , eats his breakfast by the pool at the arpothotel eden .
a pair of swim trunks on and off the dock into the water .
an old man is swimming naked , and dee smoothly asks mr . bern to put on his swim trunks .
then they would draw pictures to help their stories along , envisioning aliens with two heads and trunks like elephants , aliens that breathed co2 and urinated oxygen , sleek fast spaceships that they would travel the galaxy fighting evil aliens to rescue the princesses .
drake was wearing only swim trunks and wairua appeared seconds later still trying to tie up her dress .
a big open area , with dust and dirt as its main vegetation , housed five big pachyderms that stood in the sun and flung dirt onto their backs with their trunks .
at the elephants enclosure , reggie and tammy trumpeted a greeting to us and came over to the edge and put their trunks through the gaps .
i can still remember that he had the goggles around his neck , and he was wearing spider - man swim trunks ...
ariel turned enough to see that baldur had on his swim trunks , and true to his word he kept his arms and hands around her waist , leaving her bare breasts alone .
just right for shucking down to your swan trunks and laying up in the canvas hammock in the backyard with a good book .
her finger traveled still lower and crooked into the waistband of his trunks .
the older man was muscular , wearing a pair of trunks and nothing else .
the boy wore swimming trunks and a gryffindor t - shirt .
once gray , kat , and vigor had climbed out of the harbor , stripped to trunks and swimsuits , they had blended into a crowd of sunbathers and crossed a seaside park to their hotel .
ryder blunt lounged in a ship 's robe and flowered swim trunks , ankles crossed , his hair an unkempt blond mop .
when their hathay reached the edge of the fishermonger 's square , their elephant lifted her trunk and made a honking noise like some huge white goose , reluctant to plunge into the tangle of wayns , palanquins , and foot traffic ahead .
the horse lines were to the north , and beyond them , two dozen elephants grazed beside the water , pulling up reeds with their trunks .
uncle landons in the kitchen wearing a hawaiian shirt with flowered swim trunks and reading the wilmington news .
hico wears the elephant - mask with the aggregated gray trunk hanging from its nose while doboil reflects the face of a fox - mask along with the disgusting reddish - brown tiny ear hairs .
he was wearing black sunglasses and blue - and - white striped swim trunks .
his only clothing is red swim trunks that sit loosely on his hips and a pair of swimming goggles , which are hanging from his wrist .
i ' m thinking that bikini 's and swim trunks are n't really appropriate in this situation .
he was in bright blue swimming trunks and a black muscle shirt .
i could see elizabeth , running along the edge of lake in a bright yellow two - piece swimsuit , attempting to get away from will who was wearing blue dark colored swim trunks and catching up to her quickly .
rann wears swimming trunks , only without his signature sleeveless vest on coffee - suntanned hard stack and pack of ripple rounded muscles on chest , arms , biceps , and triceps ( breathe , girl ) his lock of black curls bounce side to side against a triangular chin while smiling and chuckling at little old me .
she wagged her trunk in approval .
elephants wagged their trunks , horses hopped back and forth , and the lions in the cages shook out their manes as noah rushed past them .
she straddled his lap and began kissing him as she loosened the strings on his swim trunks .
it reeled in its enormous trunk into a spiral and hopped down to the table .
the guys were trying to invade the girls raft , climbing on , dragging the girls off one by one , and then taking over the whole raft until it was a swarm of bright swim trunks .
he turns the page , touching the photo when his body changes into a pair of swimming trunks .
he was dressed more casually today , in a white t - shirt and green swim trunks .
holt had already been wearing his trunks , so all he had to do was take his shirt off .
corinne had changed into utah jazz basketball trunks , a very faded lizzie mcguire t - shirt , and ratty plaid converse low - tops .
literally struck by its force , the animal lowered its trunk and halted .
he was wearing shorts , which i guess for now were his swimming trunks .
a tall , lean boy , dressed in flowered beach trunks , flip flops , and a t - shirt that said 1973 manhattan open across the front moved toward me with a grin on his face .
like a fish out of water , i entered the sterile , formal , santa monica police headquarters in my beach trunks , t - shirt , and flip flops .
the temperature had dropped at least ten degrees since we arrived and we were both cold , wearing only our beach trunks and t - shirts .
i walked into tts , grungy from a day of volleyball , in my beach trunks , dirty t - shirt and sandals , a little self - conscious , but meeting up with our like - dressed group made me feel better .
lj and michelle walked out , lj still in his beach trunks and michelle with the t - shirt and jean shorts she had put on over her bikini .
within a few minutes he found a shirt which passed the test , threw on some beach trunks , and we were on our way , walking out of the apartment and down the stairs to the parking garage .
but i did have a clear look at his bare feet , legs , and the same beach trunks he had worn the day he disappeared .
we got down to the edge of the lake , and before we could even get the canoe in the water , someone spotted martins swimming trunks and called the sheriffs office .
his mind shied away from the image of crombie in swimming trunks .
they d even holidayed together as families during their youth , and sophie had delighted in pulling out a photo of a six year old james wearing swimming trunks and beaming at the camera , huge vanilla ice cream in hand and smeared around his mouth .
the skinny boy in red swim trunks paid no attention to his sister while he built sand castles .
he tugged on his damp aloha - print swim trunks bunching up at his flabby stomach , shifted his bare body in the sun , and lifted pages from his lap .
max seems to have recognized the youth and -- it must have been a truly pitiful sight -- lowered his trunk to allow the youth to be hoisted to his usual seat behind the elephant 's head .
he put on his bathing trunks and went out to the beach and did his long swim again .
it crossed his mind that , with the fading of his sunburn , the scar down the right cheek that had shown so white was beginning to be less prominent , and automatically he glanced down his nak*d body and registered that the almost indecent white area left by his bathing trunks was less sharply defined .
santos was a huge colored man , nak*d except for his swimming trunks , with pectoral muscles the size of dinner plates .
he stepped out of his bathing trunks and kicked them away .
at one end were grouped the nine swimmers clad only in bathing trunks , their fine bodies glowing with sunburn .
it would hardly last long , and ambler , clad only in the hotel - provided swimming trunks , was utterly vulnerable .
there was obvious power in his broad shoulders and wiry , long , muscled arms , countered by the furry pot gut of dissipation that bulged over the waistband of his minimal swimming trunks , and while there were thick clusters of laugh wrinkles gathered around his eyes , those eyes were as cold and opaque as those of a hooding king cobra .
he wore a terry - cloth short - sleeved top and surfer 's swimming trunks , revealing a lean , hairy body .
he wore a baseball cap , black - and - green surfer 's bathing trunks , a torn dos equis t - shirt , and a pair of rubber sandals .
he was in surfer trunks that came down to his knees .
also , he was only wearing swimming trunks , which i found interesting since mitch golden had been last seen fully dressed at a bar .
after a moment , i said , ` ` he 's wearing swimming trunks . ''
` ` was he wearing swimming trunks when he left the house ? ''
` ` did he own a red pair of swimming trunks ? ''
whitey said , ` ` tell that to trunk boy here . ''
carolyn immediately pulled one hand from his head to obey , her fingers gliding down his chest , and then dropping to seek him out through his swimming trunks .
christian continued what he was doing , but shifted his mouth to her nipple then , drawing it into his mouth and suckling hard until she released his erection and removed her hand to tug fretfully at his swim trunks .
valerie glanced to anders , her eyes automatically dropping to his now dry swim trunks .
frustrated by it all , tegan had swum a few laps , and now sat in the corner of the vaulted space , bare legs straddling a teakwood chaise , his hair and the brief black trunks clinging to his groin still damp from the water .
` ` just as soon as i finish blowing this up and change into my swim trunks , '' paul said patiently and then returned to blowing .
his swimming trunks were bright red , and they were poking out in front like a sideways tent .
the trunks were regular boy trunks , a little loose on him , even hung a little low on the waist , but they were wet so they molded against his form .
jacen pulled out a pair of swim trunks and quickly put them on before ducking back down to check blake .
` ` i ' m in my swimming trunks . ''
underneath , he had on swim trunks .
just as aria was about to turn and run back to her car , noel flung open the door , dressed in a plain black t - shirt and black swim trunks .
reefer stood behind her , wearing plaid swim trunks that showed off his muscled legs and holding a pair of neon - green swim fins .
it was like when they were little and hanging out at the community pool , and mike 's friends were calling him a homo because he was wearing white swim trunks that had turned pinkish in the wash . mike tried to take it like a man , but later , during adult swim , aria caught him secretly crying by the baby pool .
they look like swim trunks . ''
the other dad was in the world 's geekiest swim trunks .
outside our open door , i saw a bunch of guys run down the hall with swim trunks on , yelling .
i did nt know what to do because he just stood there , swim trunks down around his knees , everyone in the restaurant gawking or gasping .
the creature called trunk had single - handedly dispatched three more of the guards .
his trail , however , was easy to follow ; the bodies of two guards who had confronted trunk lay dead at the foot of the stairs .
you be trunks friend ?
despite his lack of choice in this matter of the prisoner known as trunk , luca found that it still galled him that after so many years of apparently faithful service to the dark one he was not trusted enough to be told why this strange assassination had to take place and why it had to be done in such an odd manner .
another weary hours marching saw the hard packed dirt walls becoming noticeably shorter , although still towering above even trunk .
the rest of us did and ill tell you freely right now , as bhaal is my witness , we never would have survived that encounter without trunk , and how he managed to resist them ill never know .
although it appeared that wulfstan and slade were more than capable , in spite of their exhaustion , to deal with the minimal threat posed by the huge blind spiders there was no question they were both distracted by trunks continual screams and obvious fear .
they would have to get trunk far enough away from the spiders to calm the giant creature down .
roulibard had been shocked by trunks reaction to the tunnel spiders .
as tares watched he could see the flames licking at trunks green skin and , as though he were viewing the scene in slow motion , tares could see the skin of the giant creature melting off his huge body like candle wax from the flames and heat .
from behind him tares heard nikolai , mutter a truly foul oath before running into the flames after trunk .
the necromancer was risking everything for trunk , because the giant creature was risking his own life , nikolai had returned to save the ogre - troll .
i briefly caught a glimpse of a large , furry elephant - like creature standing not twenty feet from me with its ears flaring and trunk lifted into the air .
just as i prepared to get a glimpse of my rescuer or captor , of whom i was not certain , the following mammoth became interested in me again , probing again with its trunk .
suddenly tia and cheza are wearing bikinis and i m wearing swim trunks .
he hitched his yellow plaid swim trunks up to his waist when he went around the front of the car and started towards the path leading to his favorite swimming spot .
shame faced , and afraid one of the girls would see the bulge under his trunks or the red he felt run up his back and neck , brad ran for the boulders and the safety of the pond .
the adolescent elephant trumpeted and lifted its trunk high in refusal to step onto the ramp as the man beat it with a hooked stick .
he appeared to be wearing only what butler took to be swim trunks .
tall and muscular in a pair of baggy knee - length swim trunks , his wavy , sun - bleached hair hung slightly over his blue eyes .
brent grabbed the lifejacket and went out the door and celeste noticed that he was now wearing his bathing trunks , tied tightly at the waist .
no , it was more than that , an uneasiness that she could n't quite put her trunk on .
there was something distinctly ... ' goaty ' about him , and it was n't just his beard , but she could n't quite put her trunk on it .
he gestured vaguely to the north with his trunk .
he picked up a piece of meat with his trunk and wolfed it down hungrily .
gary was clad in just swim trunks and he looked preoccupied in spite of the rush obtained from the vortex .
she yelled , only to calm when she realized he had a pair of bright red swimming trunks on under his pants .
the elephant - headed man curled his trunk toward shadow and said , ` ` if you had invoked me before you began this journey , perhaps some of your troubles might have been avoided . ''
when i looked at him , he was showing more skin than i could remember seeing from him before in public ; he had on a simple black pair of swim trunks , and nothing else , and it was spectacular .
i let my gaze wander down the clean sculptural lines of his chest , bump over his taut abs , and found myself staring none too subtly at his swim trunks .
i went to work on his swim trunks , eagerly untying them so i could free him from the fabric .
finally the animal placed one foot on the man 's lower torso and seized his crushed chest with its trunk , wrenching upward and rending the body in two .
the mahout goaded it again and shouted something in its ear , but it merely waved its trunk and trumpeted .
the first row of elephants suddenly reared chaotically , lashing out with their armored trunks and dismounting some of the gunners .
hawksworth grabbed the ankus , but before he could move , the elephant lifted its trunk into the morning air and emitted a long , defiant trumpet .
the elephant opens his mouth in a kind of smile and waves his trunk before my face with even greater enthusiasm , brushing against my forehead and nose .
the female elephant taps her trunk on my shoulder , reminding me not to leave her out .
` ` tomanaga and tomako had just come back from the temple when i showed up in dive booties and swim trunks with a live octopus in a bucket .
he wore bright red swimming trunks , and from the groups vantage point a few yards away , he did not exhibit any outward signs of trauma .
they came to a stop beside the body with the red swimming trunks and then hefted it onto the trailer .
the only one i can really remember was going off the high board at the ymca pool on co - ed day and losing my trunks when i hit the water . ''
a lifeguard on his whitewashed tower , his skin as brown as a boot , the crotch of his white latex swim trunks bulging , as if penis and testicle size were somehow a job prerequisite and he wanted everyone in the area to know they were not being let down .
the rolls of fat above the waistband of his trunks and below the legbands jounced up and down wildly .
most of the people billy saw , both in the crawling traffic and walking along the sides of the road , seemed dressed in the least the law would allow and sometimes less c there were a lot of string bikinis , a lot of ball - hugger swim trunks , a lot of oiled flesh on display .
i smile when i see an elephant in the hills , clearing out underbrush and bringing up a mouthful of vegetation with her trunk .
yeah , all you people laughed at my choice of outfit , referring to his wrestling trunks at the last show .
when i walked out of the kitchen and into the front room , i caught him putting on his bathing trunks .
he froze when he saw me and just stood there , his trunks around his ankles .
instead , their probing , prehensile trunks asked the questions , found the answers and would soon be lumbering by at his first floor eye - level .
that afternoon they were all on the deck again , including dave , who was wearing swim trunks but the same black shirt and was sharing the large umbrella with maryann and isabella .
i turned the page and recognized walters hairy chest and hawaiian swim trunks topped off quite nicely with the profile of a sharks head , complete with the creepy , lolling eye and fleshy bits of his lunch protruding from his teeth .
michael , mackenzie and jordan were sipping beers by the side while amanda , mamie and danielle , all wearing snorkels , were messing around , trying to pull down tony 's trunks .
the thin plywood of the door rattled just as his swim trunks plopped wetly on the floor .
dean made the wise choice to pull his wet trunks up as the framing cracked around the door and burst inside .
dean picked up his swim trunks covered with brown pine needles and slipped it over his head , effectively blindfolding himself .
tom thumped in wearing swim trunks .
she remembered him carrying that red - brown liver on the point of his dagger , remembered him chained to the dungeon wall in his ragged white shift pleading for mercy , for himself and his father , remembered him floating on his back in the swimming pool , remembered him stalking along the tiled floor in his orange trunks , chlorinated water running over his shoulders and back picking up a small stone , he scratched on the grey slab next to his thigh it woz ere .
as she was taking her clothes off and putting on her bathing suit ( lowells cutoff dungarees would serve as his swimming trunks ) , she started telling him about her visit with marilyn .
after the film , sam went back to his room to slip on his swim trunks .
the animal stood , raising and lowering his large trunk to breath , looking on like a beat up boxer in the late rounds after he lands a lucky punch .
he saw the images of short beach trunks on men and body enclosing one - pieces on the women .
amanda thought that their night was over until kara went to one of the skinheads in a pair of everlast boxing trunks that seemed , with high top black running shoes , to be the standard uniform .
in that enclosure is an even younger elephant who is vainly reaching his trunk through the bars into the adolescent elephants enclosure while its mother paces the perimeter of the concrete ice rink .
the elephant stops pacing along the bars , and gently lifts the end of the chain with his trunk .
the elephant lets the chain fall from his mouth again , and puts his trunk through the bars .
the t - bay surfers fixed their own boards , wore surfing clothes ( sandals , t - shirts , jeans , trunks , etc .
the white elephant swung his trunk around dramatically , whileprudent villagers kept their distance from its range .
the whiteelephant waved his trunk around at the village .
the good people of gotesdene strive hard to keep satan at bay , continued the white elephant indicating the stocks and thegallows with a wave of his trunk .
with that he bade me farewell , andwalked away from the village green , his cloak raising a cloud ofdust behind him , responding with a gracious wave of his trunk tothe obsequies of the villagers who stood aside for him .
after supper the boys traipsed down to the cove mostly by dormitory , already changed into their uniform swimming trunks .
two fire trunks drove up to the gate .
he was wearing blue and white flowered swimming trunks , and his chest was ballooned out so much under his shirt i wanted to touch it .
that cunt did nt say nothin about no fuckin trunk to me !
and bring swim trunks .
then he went into the cuddy cabin and came out a couple of minutes later in bathing trunks with a wet suit shirt .
on the overhead tv screen a black guy in purple trunks was taking roundhouse punches at a black guy in white trunks who was being held up by the ropes .
on the overhead tv screen a black guy in purple trunks was taking roundhouse punches at a black guy in white trunks who was being held up by the ropes .
a pudgy little kid with his swim trunks hanging half way down his butt was doing belly flops into the pool while his dog barked .
he followed katherines glance and looked behind him to recognize the fellow from the steam roommike donovanrunning along the water , clad only in a pair of short , navy - blue swim trunks .
his red trunks sported a white cross on one leg letting everyone know who was in charge .
she noted the trunks domed shape , its brass - headed tacks , and brass handle .
and him sitting around in nothing but blue swim trunks did n't help her much .
at least julian had his swim trunks on .
it felt enormous and hot even through his swim trunks , and i flexed my h*ps forward and was delighted to hear his breath suck in .
i was about to protest when i caught a glimpse of him in profile - and the massive tent he was sporting in the front of his swim trunks .
i reached down for the waistband of his swim trunks , and tried to push them down over his hips .
he was wearing nothing but a pair of expensive looking swim trunks and even more expensive - looking sunglasses .
i had n't been to the offices at trunk since the semester began .
i fished out the boys ' swim trunks and left them to change .
he was already wearing black swim trunks .
` ` where are your swim trunks ? ''
he wore only low - slung black swim trunks .
he was going to embarrass himself if anyone saw the hard - on he was sporting in his own swim trunks .
ryan sat next to me in his wet swim trunks , his plate overflowing with food , a stacked hamburger i was sure was painted with ketchup and mayo balancing precariously on top of the pile .
he was also dressed exquisitely , his italian suit handmade and somehow making him sexier than a guy in swimming trunks .
i was also feeling the sun , the warmth , seeing the lake in my head , tucker in swim trunks doing a cannonball off the pier .
the speedboat said good times on the water that included such things as inner tubes , skis and creed wearing nothing but swim trunks .
` ` beautiful , i do n't play at business unless i got swim trunks on and my kids with me . ''
hap , wearing a pair of cutoff jeans as trunks and proving he was indeed made entirely of muscle from jaw to toes , joined us a half an hour later .
and when my mind skidded into this thought , it moved onto other thoughts of beaches , water , tropical drinks that tasted like liquid candy and the fact that local fashion dictates would mean for the vast majority of time brock would be in nothing but swim trunks .
so in the car with two dead men , i left my phone , my purse , my mrs . field 's cookies and the dillard 's bag with my boys ' swim trunks and i went quiet like .
this got him another bright smile then her shades did a head to lap and back again before she observed , ` ` you are n't in swim trunks . ''
tight , black swim trunks .
he wore a pair of swimming trunks and laura could n't help but laugh .
elijah was wearing his swimming trunks .
the only thing better than benjamin chase in low - slung swimming trunks was benjamin chase in low - slung swimming trunks , and soaking wet .
i reach into his swim trunks and grab him , throbbing and pulsing in my hand , long and thick like i imagined dirk 's would be .
this request is accompanied by her fingers dipping just slightly under the waistband of my swimming trunks .
water dripped down his bare chest and off his navy - blue swim trunks , and his shaved head glistened under the hot afternoon sun .
normally he drove back to his apartment in his wet trunks , but since he was heading straight to the bar , he realized he 'd have to change right here in the parking lot .
he reappeared a minute later dressed in a pair of tropical print , baggy bathing trunks .
to her knowledge , the most un - cool thing he d worn was that awful pair of swimming trunks , but she did nt mind those because they made her smile .
when the door opens , andrew is sporting black swim trunks .
then were going trunk or treating afterward , right ?
his remarkable torso was proudly bared above immodest white trunks that looked like they d been sprayed on him - his only item of clothing other than a pair of tennis shoes .
but it was the hired help who really caught lewiss eye : six guys in total , including joey , all similarly dressed in white trunks and tennis shoes , yet radically different in their physical appearance ; each and every one an incredible male specimen .
there was one photograph in particular that scott found especially disturbing lee under an outdoor shower in a pair of green trunks pulled down at the back the man brazenly showing off his ever so fine ass , with a look of such confidence on his laughing face .
# # # # change of plans ~picture prompt : a dark - haired boy wearing only swim trunks and a towel around his neck pins another boy against a row of high - school lockers , holding him there in a hard kiss , restraining him with body and hands and mouth .
two young men , barely out of boyhood , dressed in swim trunks .
his red swim trunks were adorable , but i was almost disappointed that he d opted to wear a shirt .
one year she made everyone wear zoo animal hats that came with matching noses , trunks , and snouts .
she was nt sure but she saw a young man wearing red swim trunks emphasizing his tanned skin and his muscular chest .
jack squinted toward the surf , his eyes keenly searching for todds red swim trunks .
finally , his churning legs touched the riverbed , and he could extend his head , his arms , his trunk into the freezing air .
after changing into swimming trunks in his room , he and valeria hit the beach .
only this time , the construction worker was wearing a pair of yellow and white swim trunks .
far closer than he 'd been only moments before , the mammoth lifted his trunk and trumpeted .
with his quick - as - a - whip trunk , atcheson figured he could catch the explosive devices , and hurl them back .
driven by hunger , atcheson wrapped his beastly trunk around the tall summer grass ripping it up .
he trumpeted in glee , his trunk shooting skyward .
with a swipe of his trunk atcheson uprooted a line of saplings , tossing them down his throat .
atcheson snaked his trunk hungrily after him .
ox 's sleeveless shirt was designed to show off his bulky biceps and thick chest , and even though he sported plaid swimming trunks and flip - flops , the man looked intimidating .
seth was sitting at the edge in a pair of blue swim trunks , dangling his feet in the water .
another chuckle escaped when i imagined royce in the other room , searching frantically for some type of swim trunks .
after the giant feline had finished drinking and had flopped down on a sunny rock , connor and victoria meandered farther along the path , connor pushing the baby 's loaded buggy , to where two elephants picked at a hay net with their trunks .
some days it was torture sitting in the office in a suit while looking down upon nothing but bikinis and swim trunks .
the man was unbelievable in nothing but a pair of swim trunks .
a deep v that disappeared below white swimming trunks made her heart rate jump back to life again .
drops of water ran down his chest , causing her to follow their pathway over his chest , and belly ... lower ... to the waistband of his trunks .
he had on green swimming trunks , and his black hair was slicked back with water .
cade in a pair of navy swim trunks slung low on his h*ps was enough to make me want to drop my bikini bottoms and wade out in the water with him for some underwater action , spectators be damned .
there was a smattering over his upper chest , enough to give him a rougher edge , and it tapered downward to a dark line to his navel and low enough to fire her imagination about what was beneath the band of those swim trunks .
his long legs were deeply tanned , muscular and dusted with burnished blond hair beneath his brief trunks .
` ` i will have lunch with you because i ' m hungry and i 'll sit in the garden while you swim with your trunks on .
he rolled onto his back , displaying his calendar - hunk chest , muscle - gridded belly and narrow h*ps in brief black trunks as he swam toward the shallow end .
` ` a sort of prehistoric elephant - you know , the animals with the long trunks ? ''
the tall , muscled body that made her go both hot and cold , as if she had a fever ; that particular reaction had been bothering her for a couple of years now , and it got worse whenever she watched him swimming and he was wearing only those tight brief trunks .
` ` not you ... but you in swim trunks ... '' he looks down at his nak*d chest , his gaze wandering down to the navy blue board shorts submerged underwater .
the navy blue swim trunks he was wearing hung on his waist and showcased his delicious abs and hip bones .
cassie , grab him around the neck while i get his trunks ! ''
for a split second she wondered what he 'd look like wearing nothing but swim trunks .
however , the ridge in his trunks as he eased onto the lounger told her what she needed to know .
her gaze fell to the wet , black swim trunks clinging to and clearly outlining his masculinity .
she strolled toward them with a fluid , athletic grace that sent his blood racing for his swim trunks .
he crouched beside her , too handsome for his own good in swim trunks and an open shirt , ocean breeze pulling at his loose hair .
her fingers made fast work of his swim trunks , freeing his erection and sheathing him swiftly , surely .
colonel salvatore chuckled from a beach chair where he wore something other than his gray suit for once - gray swim trunks and t - shirt , but still .
he was dressed only in swim trunks , and her pulse picked up .
she nodded at his blue swim trunks .
now he pulled away from her and yanked his shirt over his head , exposing a chest shed itched to touch ever since he 'd stripped down to his bathing trunks for their swim earlier .