anna leaned forward hopefully , but lexi threw a decorative radish at her .
he had to get fresh cranberries , those cute little watermelon radishes jase loved so much , and about eight loaves of this special pennsylvania dutch corn bread made with yeast that was only sold at lapp 's market .
her face turned as red as a radish and brandt felt like a total heel .
` ` turnips , parsnips , radishes , beets , prunes , collard greens , dijon mustard , strawberry ice cream .
she 'd planted peas , beans , lettuce , radishes and other vegetables with shorter growing times .
you have something against the mighty radish ? ''
that morning , brevis 's mother had placed a single radish upon the table in front of him and had said , ` ` brevis , son .
this radish was all i was able to pull from the ground today .
` ` so brevis had chewed his radish , which was woody , and peppery to the tongue , and spent the rest of the morning chasing the goat about its pen , sustaining a bruise to the rib and a bite to the thigh in the process , and , eventually , and with the help of a passing tinker , he had subdued the goat enough to have it haltered , and , leaving his mother to bandage the tinker 's goat - inflicted injuries , he dragged the billy goat toward the market .
the selection included three kinds of olives , crackers , some artichoke and parmesan dip that jake had made the day before , a hunk of rich , crumbly english cheddar , radishes , raw snow peas and some crusty sourdough bread .
just a simple platter with radishes , heirloom pear tomatoes , red carrots i 'd found at the farmer 's market , and some orange peppers i 'd cut into matchsticks .
she set to work chopping a salad - lettuce , cabbage , carrots , celery , radishes .
most of the bulbs had been pawed up and eaten , and while a few of the softer plants , like lettuce and radishes , had escaped long enough to reseed themselves , the growing plants had been nibbled to scabby white stalks .
the color of that sky made the vegetables look slightly unusual , but she went ahead and gathered some vegetables that looked like carrots , radishes and lettuce and went back inside the cabin .
the process there was also very tedious requiring many months for the radishes to go to seed .
- only a pinch of salt gives the taste for it beside the lettuce , the corn , the cucumber , the carrot and the radish .
any suggestions will be welcome , but please do n't come tell me you 'd love to eat a fresh radish again .
he spread the renewed soil on beds of radish and squash near the cucumbers .
when she stops for breath he makes an inviting gesture toward the table with the new linen tablecloth , the bamboo place - mats , her favorite port , cut - glass dishes with radishes , toothpicked cheese - cubes , black and green olives , celery , also the gigantic bouquet , also the neat stack of papers , the two pens and the fat worn treasury of great poems edited by untermeyer .
` ` a man is a forked radish . ''
he sounded cheerful again , but jake did n't trust that tone ; he had sometimes heard his father start telephone conversations that way ( usually with some subordinate who had fub , fucked up big ) , and by the end elmer chambers would be up on his feet , bent over the desk like a man with a stomach cramp and screaming at the top of his lungs , his cheeks red as radishes and the circles of flesh under his eyes as purple as an eggplant .
junichiro dug up some wild radish , which he recognized as edible , and they gnawed its woody toughness as they walked .
radishes and beans are n't as pretty as roses , but they taste better , and if you can grow roses , you can certainly grow vegetables .
if you cultivate money - prune it , water it , and fertilize it - it 'll grow for you the same as roses or radishes will .
' it 's up to you , though , and you 'd make a very interesting - looking radish . '
you 're not going to put garion in chains , and he 's not going to turn you into a radish , so stop trying to bully each other . ''
she might turn you into a radish if you offend her , but she 'd never poison you . ''
` ` if you burn that library , belgarath will probably turn you into a radish , '' she warned with a smile .
` ` it might be nice to be a radish for a while , '' he replied .
` ` then that unfortunate man may suddenly find himself living out the remainder of his days as a toad or possibly a radish , '' aunt pol said ominously .
supper was a handful of wild radishes koss found , a cup of dry beans , water from a nearby brook .
tarber found a garden out back , and they pulled some onions and radishes and filled a sack with cabbages before they went on their way .
seventy - seven dishes , while there are still starving children in this city , and men who would kill for a radish .
his arms and legs had been tied to his chair , and a huge white radish shoved between his teeth so he could not speak ... though he could see and hear .
in the root cellars strings of onions and garlic dangled from the rafters , and bags of carrots , parsnips , radishes , and white and yellow turnips filled the shelves .
he went back to cutting the radish he d left on the island .
fruit trees , carrots , potatoes , and radishes grew in the gardens and orchards in front of the houses .
to be fair , in his defense , it was indeed the perfect chili dog : hot chili sauce , cheese , horse radish , mustard , onions , more cheese , and love .
on the other hand , shovel departed with a hop in his hoof , for the farewell grace he received from cetra and rod was thick and rich , dipped in honey and topped off with a warm candied radish .
it seemed that all sally had was a few pet horses and some radishes in a kitchen garden .
there was a candy bar wrapper from a mars bar ; the mangy , dandruff - ridden comb that mr . marlin had once given me to ward off evil wizards ; a half eaten cinnamon roll that was starting to grow pink mold ; a glass of orange juice that had turned purple ; my new ds game ' the karate snails fight the radishes from outer space ; ' the tiny ring that mr . marlin had given me to keep evil vampires away ; and my open history book which i had tossed there last night when i decided not to do my homework .
that s positively prehistoric , but you can count on me to ride the radish till the dog barks .
would nt wan na look like a radish in a meat market .
you look like a chunky radish .
i usually channel surf during these sessions and get more despondent because there s nothing worth watching , unless i want to buy a device that will squeeze the juice out of a radish or the fat out of my thighs .
his face had gone as red as a radish .
he intoned : ' in the bitter radish that bites into me , i feel the autumn wind .
those dandies 'll be planting radishes in novosibirsk . ''
the motionless air around us carries such remarkable purity and sweetness that you might imagine a man could smell a radish pulled out of the ground a mile away .
it 's tomatoes , lettuce , onions , radishes , green peppers , cucumber , cheese , mayo , italian dressing , and ham or whatever .
` ` so i carved a garlic out of a radish , sir . ''
` ` oh , that was a carved radish , too .
just a radish ?
it looks like a bright red radish has imbedded itself on my forehead .
we ate better than we had in weeks : fresh bread , roasted haddock , pickled radishes , and a sweet iced wine that set my head spinning after just a few sips .
the grey man speared all the radishes from the salad on his knife and flipped them into a funnel he had stuck in a round opening in the trunk : fulrmp , melrulf , ulfmphgrumf !
swig and mingus returned , carrying between them a linen napkin that they unfolded in the trunk to reveal an instant picnic of white cake , walnuts , sugared plums , and damp , dirty radishes just plucked from the garden .
what the radish , mom ?
the radish , kayleigh said , mocking peachs whiny voice , is that you two are supposed to be collecting useful information , and yet here you are partying like a couple of sorority skanks .
mom , what the radish ?
a beautiful young woman in a white dress was walking between the tables , a basket full of apples , radishes and grapes cradled in her left arm .
work , work , work , that s all you ever want to do , bennie complained between bites of a seemingly giant radish .
a wide variety of other food was set out on the table too , tomatoes and cucumber , lettuce and radishes , spring onions and beetroot , and biscuits , home - made he was sure .
there were about hundred buddhist lepcha families in the village , most of whom were peasants and they used to grow all sorts of vegetables , cabbages , cauliflowers , beans , beets , gourds , cucumbers , peas , radishes , red potatoes , carrots etc .
her grandmother was planning a large garden with tomatoes , cucumbers , artichokes , squash , carrots , beats , turnips , onions , radishes , and bell peppers .
earth mothershe was grass and the trees and small birds flying ... she came to him in hippie dress : tie - dyed burst of smock ; hair held back , braided by simple twine , spreading rocks thick and thin , from yard and park , thick bends of twigs , a decaying branch which held a staggering of incense sticks : bowls of water with simple flowers swimming , several bowls here and there : sweet soaps , handmade , lavender , patchouli , sandalwoodalways a slight air about her ... nothing like the event of bertha : no lightning , no tornado , no run to the root cellar , rather , heaviness upon the obvious : seduction of satiety after a heavy lunch of thick seven - grain loafs and home - gardened tomatoes and cucumbers and radishes , lettuce in the spring : canned for the winter , pickled , prepared ... dalores was preparationpreparing in the small ways , the unnoticed ways , but a preparation which resulted , as such meticulous and instinctual preparations do , in marvelously baked breads !
now , as we were walking from the wains to this temple , i saw that you were looking bitter as a black radish , and that you were not walking with the mute boy .
he did n't bother me , which was odd - how many guys do you know who would n't stand over you and offer advice even if they do n't know a radiator from a radish ?
but beyond that , she had mirrors positioned to reflect light into the room , which was overgrown with small potted trees , shrubs growing in large basins of earth , and even a small garden for carrots and radishes .
out of the corner of her eye , she saw a slender serving woman climb the steps carrying a plate of beans and steamed radishes for semirhage 's midday meal .
raoul suppressed a sigh of relief as the waiter interrupted their conversation to place silver trays in front of each of them with salmon and chives , garnished with artfully - arranged radishes and turnips .
big yellow bins full of cucumbers and leafy greens and turnips and radishes and just about every vegetable you can imagine .
` ` in the proper french style , you would display salads of anchovies , lemons , bitter oranges , and radishes , accompanied by figs , cheeses with biscuits , and a variety of sausages .
he did well here with cold season crops : asparagus , carrots , beets , turnips , potatoes , radishes , leaf lettuce , and green onions .
today lucy caught shirleys bus and she happily took her usual seat , fading into the scenery as shirley told a rather old man with a wrinkled radish for a nose that her petunias were shriveling on the vine .
starting in july , there was picking as well as hoeing - peas and radishes first , then the lettuce and the tomatoes that had been started in the shed - boxes , then the corn and beans in august , more corn and beans in september , then the pumpkins and the squash .
but i heard that if a man pulls a radish out of the ground , another man half a mile away will be able to smell that radish - the air so sweet and clear . '
but i heard that if a man pulls a radish out of the ground , another man half a mile away will be able to smell that radish - the air so sweet and clear . '
hearing each one come ( and vehicles could be heard a long way away here ; the clarity with which sound carried made jack think of what speedy had said about one man pulling a radish out of the ground and another smelling it half a mile away ) made him think of morgan , and each time he hurried first down into the ditch and then up the other side , and so into the woods .
it was the clarity of , say , air so pure that you could smell a radish when a man pulled one out of the ground half a mile away .
stop - ' richard was still shrieking , but jack no longer heard him - suddenly , triumphantly , that feeling of creeping doom cracked open like a black egg and his brain filled up with light - light and a sweet purity of air ; air so pure that you could smell the radish a man pulled out of his garden half a mile away .
bobbi had a garden of about an acre and a half -beans , cukes , peas , corn , radishes , and potatoes .
he whistled merrily while harvesting a large quantity of cabbages , radishes and onions from his immaculate rows of vegetables .
its got finely chopped cabbage , radishes , thistle weed leafs , celery , plenty of baby onions and a touch of garlic .
mitch liked to sing to all his plants to help them grow , but he especially liked to sing to the radishes which seemed to get bigger and redder every time they listened to o susannah , or shell be comin around the mountain .
they spent hours in mitchs garden at the sheriff 's office , tenderly watering each plant , carefully weeding down each row and talking to all of the beets , radishes , egg plants , etc .
i ' m afraid i have a rather tricky one for you , old radish . ''
she dragged him out the living room door and down the corridor , him squealing , her telling him that if he did nt shut up , shed serve scotilly a salad with his nuts in it instead of radishes .
alice was playing with a radish .
alice got bored of chasing the radish and killed it with a deft blow from her fork .
will 's face resembled a radish .
your face , it 's the colour of that radish i killed !
he was content to flick foam and top her up with hot water , until her legs were a nice shade of radish .
giseppe turned as red as a red , red radish , but there was little he could do .
the smell of bacon , however , was powerful enough to pull dean from a quite fascinating dream starring paulina poritzkova and a radish .
he handed them to becky , who examined them : peas , lettuce , spinach and radishes .
in a week or two she would plant the radishes , cukes , potatoes , tomatoes , squash , green beans , peas , and corn .
he found the lettuce , cucumber , carrots , olives , onions and half of a green pepper but no radishes .
a few weeks later when we went on a picnic ( he refused to lunch in a restaurant ) she brought pasta salad and radishes .
the tray contains a platter of salad - like antipasto items : black and green olives , celery and carrot sticks , radishes , bits of lettuce .
the fairground is already teeming with vendors selling blueberries , leeks , eggs , early corn , flowers , cabbage , beeswax , zucchini , jams , cherries , biscuits , spinach , red velvet cakes , onions , kale , sweet peppers , fruit pies of every imaginable variety , eggplant , raw milk , asparagus , fudge , butter , preserves , nectarines , cheese , scallions , honey , basil , lettuce , chard , summer squash , candles , pigs feet , honey dew , peaches , carrots , radishes , collards , green beans , herb tinctures , snap peas , cucumbers , live chickens , and green onions .
as appetizer , a glistening heap of gefilte fish was passed around along with a separate dish of horse radish .
he led the way down a narrow hallway to the kitchen , which smelled of gefilte fish and horse radish .
kip suddenly appeared bashful ; his cheeks turned redder than a ripe radish .
tiny sardines fried in batter , miniature onions swimming in some kind of spicy tomato sauce , raw carrots , artichoke hearts , radishes and , of course , the ubiquitous saucers of oil - drenched peppers and bread .
garrick soaked up the applause with a charming smile while i looked on , probably barely more attractive than a radish .
he sat at the table and began to chop some spring onions then he added cucumber , radishes , courgettes and finally sliced some tomatoes .
do nt forget the radishes and avocado .
we had to act fast , so instead of arguing with julie about it , i walked to the kitchen and opened the fridge , only to find nothing but a jug of water , a bottle of mustard , and a wrinkly radish in the bottom of the vegetable crisper .
all she could see was one radish , a square of cheese - low - fat , she presumed - and a small bunch of seedless grapes .
she reached for a radish from the relish tray and munched noisily on it .
the salad , which included several leafy greens , was full of green peppers , red onions and radishes , plus pine nuts and goat cheese .
my back ached , my knees creaked like hinges , my fingernails were caked with dirt , and strands of hair stuck to my neck and cheeks - but the new crops of pole beans , onions , turnips , and radishes were planted , the cabbages weeded and culled , and a dozen large peanut bushes had been pulled up and hung to dry on the garden palisades , safe from marauding squirrels .
` ` nay , veal 's too mild - flavored for radish .
kelly emptied the juices from the chicken into a gravy boat , then removed a bowl of tossed greens , chopped celery , radishes and chives from the refrigerator .
jack thought he looked as if he had just eaten a radish .
lauren learned to cut radishes into roses and make gravy and arrange antipasti on a tray .