snorting at his question , evalle asked , ` ` do you think quinn would let me put lanna on a crotch rocket ?
it was n't hard to picture roth on the crotch rocket .
i bet demetri is combing the island pretending to look for me in hopes to makes his lap rocket more enticing to my mother .
rocket science refers to aerospace engineering and focusing on how a rocket functions .
he gestured to a black and silver crotch rocket against the building .
6 cam was climbing off his crotch rocket when i parked at the back of the lot like i did the night before .
then he maneuvered the rocket to a 33 % angle to the trajectory and fired the main rocket at full thrust .
the phoenix can fly for over 50 years without refueling the antimatter engines although the chemical rocket has to be refueled on a regular basis .
` ` you know , if earl knew his rocket engines might help get some aliens launched back to space , i think he 'd be pretty darn happy about it . ''
sheen cried out while an asteroid bumped the tail end his rocket and sent him spinning into another jumble of rocks .
sheen anxiously shouted into his headset as his rocket slowed down , although he was increasing his thrusters ' power .
still , she heard several more slam into her rocket .
` ` four concussions and four broken limbs in my rocket .
the twin solid rocket boosters that launch the craft , each producing more than twenty million horsepower , actually run on vortex energy .
he also stated that engineering reported that the bracing on the solar arrays would withstand up to 60 % thrust from the ion rocket .
the captain called the chief engineer to the briefing room and asked him if he could run the ion rocket at 50 % power to change their orbit .
72 seconds until main rocket ignition .
i watched his crew scramble to release the tethers and jump for his ship as i warmed up the main rocket .
main rocket nozzle has a crack in it running half way from the chip in the end toward the fuel mixer .
after a few main rocket burns and minor thrustor adjustments it joined our formation as planned .
shortly after launch , however , technicians detected a problem , a failure in the stage two rocket burn designed to take soho prime into its monitoring position .
then i might do all regions back to rocket , then the rest of the railways across the whole planet !
he landed without difficulty ... stretched , yawned , belched , unfastened his seat belt , stood up , awkwardly walked to the hatch , opened the hatch , then went back to the control room to shut off the still active rocket engine .
` ` listen , guess what -- a big - time land speculator came over from earth , today ; we had a union guy at the rocket terminal , and he recognized him , although naturally the speculator registered under an assumed name .
` ` this car 'll crack two hundred , '' maury said , starting up , ` ` with that new dry rocket fuel they have out . ''
` ` it 's the lack of corporate sponsorships that 's killing rotary rocket , '' a sharply dressed man said .
` ` all you , my dear sir , have to remember about this rocket is that , thanks to drax 's columbite , which has a melting point of about 3500 degrees centigrade , compared with 1300 in the v2 engines , we can use one of the super fuels without burning out the engine .
` ` i ' ve been networking with some of my fellow history buffs since catching this rocket , and i ' ve discovered something rather interesting about the misha 124 crash .
the payload bay doors were opened to release the heat built up by the firing of the solid rocket booster and main engines during liftoff .
i can use the escape rocket to get behind the ship , then push it to the space station .
adjusting the output of the orbital maneuvering rockets , i nudge the escape rocket forward .
adjusting the output of the orbital maneuvering rockets , i nudge the escape rocket forward .
the launch rocket had completed its burn before the missile left the tube and the flight motor kicked in at a safe distance from the firing team , forcing the weapon up into a shallow climb .
first , a hybrid rocket motor using solid and liquid rocket propulsion would get the first craft above the krmn line ( 60 miles ) carrying a second vehicle in its cargo bay , the main space vehicle .
first , a hybrid rocket motor using solid and liquid rocket propulsion would get the first craft above the krmn line ( 60 miles ) carrying a second vehicle in its cargo bay , the main space vehicle .
at this height , she will have enough liquid hydrogen to maneuver in space with her rear hydrogen rocket , added hydrogen side - thrusters , and two small ion drives for long distance travel in her tail .
central and above the two lower engines on each side in a triangular design , as ryan had explained , was the third massive bell of the second - stage hydrogen - fuelled rocket exhaust .
the single upper liquid hydrogen rocket motor takes her up to a maximum of 400,000 feet , and the throttle can be manually controlled ; this is not true of the first - stage hybrid rocket system .
the single upper liquid hydrogen rocket motor takes her up to a maximum of 400,000 feet , and the throttle can be manually controlled ; this is not true of the first - stage hybrid rocket system .
a hybrid rocket is a motor that uses propellants in two different states of matter , one solid and the other fluid , which may be either gas or liquid .
now the shuttles cargo could be loaded as the liquid rocket fuel in the hybrid rocket system would be fed into the shuttle just before launch .
w : that does nt seem fair- we only get two hours with the meat rocket cheryl : ( i think that sounded exactly how walten meant it ) w : cheryl , please , please please call me walt .
also , there are companies who undertake spreading the ash into deep space through space rockets .
oceanna , hila , simi , and harry stood in front of someones crotch rocket and smiled .
lastly , the team developed the underbelly and wing mounted delta v variable control rocket boosters , making it possible for the shuttle to land or take off vertically from any non - atmospheric planetary surface .
raise and initiate underbelly and wing mounted delta v variable control rocket boosters .
the workout was followed by a lengthy cruise in his ninja - style crotch rocket , and then wrapped up with a couple beers at home .
it was friday afternoon , and surely he would go for a nice cruise on his ninja - style crotch rocket after work .
asks yo - yo timidly '' ' course we are , '' says the lettuce brother known as rocket .
'' feedback my arse , '' spits rocket .
'' for feck 's sake , '' snarls rocket , parping the horn .
'' shut your face , kos , '' snaps rocket .
there is rocket lettuce screening calls for the hsbc bank .
nasa then went on to design , manufacture , test , and eventually use the saturn rocket and the apollo spacecraft for the first manned landing on the moon in 1969 , and during the 1960s and 1970s , also designed and built the first robotic space probes to explore the planets mercury , venus , and mars .
so i switched past kathy matteas 455 rocket , a country rockin number that always seemed to give me a lead foot , to more mellow tunes , and meandered my mature way past mendanales as the shadows were beginning to lengthen across the highway .
i was glad that at least he had n't gotten a crotch rocket ; there was no way in hell i was getting on one of those .
we were on the matte black rocket , which i loved because i had my arms around him , inside his jacket , and i could feel the angles and bumps of his body .
just the thought of that makes a little gush of warmth rocket through me , which really surprises me .
i think your rocket was one of the best . ''