it did n't take a rocket scientist to see that the sisters ' first meeting was n't going well .
the destitute nobody who 'd risen from the quays of crete to rocket to household - name status in the shipping industry and beyond .
tension and anticipation rocket between us .
my body trembles in the aftermath , my hand still stroking my cock as tiny tremors of pleasure rocket through me .
before closing my mind to it , i let the pain rocket through me , tearing away little bits and pieces of scar tissue .
the picture that he draws for me , the images that his words produce , rocket through my body like a physical touch .
` ` really ... there 's another rocket guy here , he 's from south africa too , i should introduce you .
* * * rockets rose from below .
the immense flame coalesced into a tight spiral that rocket into the sky above the henge .
you ' ve only got one person on your rocket , so you do n't need a frequency .
` ` i traced it onto this paper from the monitor in my rocket .
his hands rocket to his hips , fists balled .
junes hands rocket to her mouth and cover it .
perhaps they d rocket up and drift down , lulling the air around them to a gentle state of remaining as it was .
the murder of crows rockets from the trees , a riot of black wings and hoarse , scolding cries .
there are plenty of great candidates : life on mars by david bowie , rocket man by elton john , alone again ( naturally ) by gilbert o'sullivan .
what shed said had nt been profound or rocket science but a simple truth .
over and over the large pointy teeth rocket toward me , snapping together at the edge of the bessie .
rocket shots of basketball - sized fireballs ruptured the first wave of attackers , turning them to ash .
i should have known rocket man sold his soul , kim added .
oh my god , i trembled beneath a rocket of tears .
my heart sank like he had made the elevator rocket another five stories into the air .
the sausage and hash browns and coffee and toast exploded up and out of his mouth and splattered on the asphalt in three rockets of vomit .
it had felt like a blissful rocket trip to somewhere he had no idea existed .
mari had private things in there - rocket of the pocket - type private things .
and then i see him kill her ... . isaac chapter 34 traffic and stoplights and light poles rocket by me like long , rods of light snaking through some infinite space beyond .
anger caused his body heat to rocket .
we start the machines just as mitch and matt pull up , and i wo n't be behind them , so i grab a handful of throttle and rocket out of the garage to make sure i ' m in front .
hollie dived under water and a flash of green saw her rocket to the surface as the good old hollie they all knew .
he immobilized the rocket boy by kicking the inside of his left leg as he stepped forwardthe leg crunched into a sideways v. alyse screamed as i tightened the shirt around her leg .
my gut is telling me the rocket boys are after the latter .
it was too dense to make out ; i just saw heads disappear and the occasional arm rocket upwards , ready to swing .
* * * * jaws moving like a masticating cow , vinny spinelli watched the tall man get into his expensive suv and rocket away .
` ` so then you saw that the road just ended at this cliff , '' she said , ` ` and everyone in the theater knew that if rocket main did n't get out of that old hudson before it got to the cliff he was a gone goose .
i did n't just think about rocket man once in awhile that next week ; i thought about him all the time .
i need you to go to rocket town and get cid and shera .
i ' m going to go to rocket town and drag cid 's good - for - nothing ass here to do it himself .
` ` cid and cloud plan to build another generator in rocket town . ''
` ` i do n't know how accessible the geothermal power is in rocket town .
it does nt take rocket science to recognize someone in mourning .
i ' ve thought about this when i ' m in the shower , '' he says , and i might as well rocket into another world of pleasure .
i feel his palm collide with my arse again and that last stinging slap rockets me into the most powerful , splintering climax i ' ve ever experienced .