she screamed and went off like a rocket from the dual pleasure , or was it triple ?
` ` lack of rocket science degree ? ''
he surged into her with enough force to launch a rocket .
` ` sex is n't rocket science .
camille flew up like a bottle rocket and teetered at his side .
he was off like a rocket .
the pocket rocket ? '
' it 's not exactly rocket science . '
heat shot from his touch to rocket through her body like an explosion battering off a series of walls .
the plateau was much narrower than it had seemed , and for terrifying seconds , she was airborne , soaring toward the tops of a thick stand of pine trees , then the nose of the snowmobile dived to earth like an out - of - control rocket , heading straight for a clump of trees and , a few feet beyond them , the creek .
` ` where the hell did you go when you shot over the edge of the mountain like a rocket and vanished ? ''
` ` the woman who nearly got us killed a few minutes ago in that flying rocket capsule thing when you made it spin . ''
wearing a pair of shorts and a sweat soaked t - shirt , it did n't take a rocket scientist to guess he 'd been running .
` ` this is an m1 rocket launcher , '' darryl said , his voice raising an octave with excitement .
darryl thrust the rocket launcher into my hands before i had a chance to protest .
vincent asked , taking the rocket launcher from my hands and setting it on the display case .
` ` ah , these are very popular , '' darryl said as he set the knife down next to the rocket launcher , much to my relief .
` ` you know , i think that rocket launcher suited you . ''
what a freaking rocket scientist this kid was .
it 's not my fault that their clients are n't exactly rocket scientists . ''
it 's not rocket science .
next second , he could swear a rocket launched through his teeth and exploded behind his eye sockets .
suddenly she felt as though a rocket had gone off inside her head .
he 'd asked for the transfer and even took a pay cut to make it happen - filing that police report had put a rocket up his cowardly ass .
it was n't rocket science , after all .
she winced as he came off the sofa like a rocket , tumbling her backward on the couch .
` ` and i really hope you 're not going to try to slut - shame me - because i will go off like a bottle rocket ! ''
jonathan straddled a matte black rocket of a motorcycle with red touches at the rims .
seconds later , i felt as if i was being launched from a rocket .
no matter how hard she tried to resist him , she went off like a rocket at his slightest touch .
every time he touched her , she went off like a rocket .
and then his lips were on hers and a rocket ship was launching inside her belly .
her heart should have been used to the way it always thudded like a rocket against her breastbone whenever dylan was near , but she was n't sure she 'd ever get used to being with someone so selfless , so full of kindness - all of it wrapped up in the sexiest package imaginable .
well , it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure that one out , and imogen , while considering herself shy , had always been curious enough to be direct with people .
` ` rocket ships . ''
her next words flashed through trey like a rocket trail .
this rocket is ready to launch , and i ' m thinking you 'd like it firing up your ass . ''
` ` it does n't require a rocket scientist to figure you out . ''
it was n't f**king rocket science .
jaxxon could barely walk for laughing as connor attacked the flights of stairs like a rocket .
i just need another year or two of gathering up listings and clients , and my business life will go off like a rocket .
as far as i 'd seen over the years , that temper was the only thing that managed to escape his walls - and even that burst out like a rocket and was quickly snuffed .
that was rocket ship to the moon .
the quiet time i 'd once enjoyed alone in my house had suddenly turned into tedium for me , and it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out why .
i counted nine vehicles : a maybach , a boxy mercedes - benz suv , a maserati , a tesla , a bentley convertible , two different kind of motorcycle - a crotch rocket and a chopper - a civilian - model military hummer , and an older - model black bmw , the last the car his father had given him , i assumed .
roth dealt in crates of assault rifles , rocket launchers , grenades .
angus arrived like a furry rocket .
` ` my men however , '' lucas continued quickly , grunting at the effort of speaking with a compressed rib cage , ` ` have a rocket propelled grenade aimed at your ship and if i do n't call them off in ten seconds they shoot . ''
her belly clenched , and she felt the first surge of sensations , like a rocket engine starting to burn , rattling as it began to take off .
i do n't think it takes a rocket scientist to figure out that 's why your sister sent you to see me .
her eyes widened and excitement took off inside her like a rocket .
maybe it was the idea that even though he was no rocket scientist , i had a sense she might think he was smarter than i was .
i saw the little red rocket go flying by me and almost had a fucking heart attack when i pulled up behind her at the light two minutes later and realized it was her .
` ` i do n't know , '' she says , ` ` i just have this feeling that you 're going to take off like a rocket the second you clear this place . ''
like a rocket , my body shot towards him , aiming for his cheek and gloriously connecting with my palm .
she had gone off the rocket with that one .
i was happy that concentrating on giving to him had slowed my rocket paced arousal .
i 'd been given this one chance , this one rocket ship into outer space , and i was n't going to waste it .
he looked more like a rock star turned sex god on a rocket ship to planet orgasm .
waitressing at a small cafe was n't rocket science and did little to keep my mind busy .
* * * i drive like a rocket all the way to kylie 's .
the combination of relentlessness and gentleness sent her off like a rocket .
when he whispered , ` ` now , '' she went off like a bottle rocket .
now , whenever i ' m on this aircraft , i act like a kid who thinks he 's on a rocket ship during takeoff . ''
it did n't take a rocket scientist to see that this was another of his little games .
` ` go fix your crazy life , and i ' m going to serve up some more rocket fuel to the addicts here , all right ? ''
his thrusts rivaled the power of a rocket booster and he was damn close to detonation .
the intense concentration on that bit of flesh and nowhere else launched her into orgasm like a rocket booster .
his c**k swelled , lifting off her tongue before he exploded , come jetting out fast like a rocket booster .
i 'd be the hugh hefner of the notorious mckay clan , charming , sexy , with a rocket in my pocket ready to blow at the first spark and a legion of women lined up to light that match . ''
between the constant attention to her clitoris and the deeper thrusts , domini 's body trembled , she cried out as she shot like a rocket .
before we 'd gotten too far off the road , i heard that distinctive whistling noise that meant someone had launched a rocket .
he shot like a rocket .
` ` i know it do n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that you ' ve got no one in your life to help you if i walk away from the ranch .
the gate opened , the bull shot out like a rocket , zigging and zagging .
` ` i ' ve been thinkin ' about our courtship , but as fast as things went between us , we shoulda called it a rocket ship . ''
she woke up in the morning thinking about him and no matter how much she tried to resist fantasizing about him , her dependence on her pocket rocket only increased after their second encounter .
this would usually be the time when she ` ` let off some steam '' with her pocket rocket , but she could n't do that with the off - limits subject of her fantasies lying right beside her , now could she ?
before lacey could ask any more questions , he had her pants unbuttoned and slipped the pocket rocket inside her panties .
i ' m ... '' before she could finish the sentence , he shoved the vibrator into her quivering tunnel and then swallowed her cries with a hungry kiss as she came harder than she ever had using her pocket rocket alone .
how are they against a laws rocket and dy***ite ? ''
` ` rocket ? ''
` ` where 's a friggin ' rocket when you need it ?
but then , most people were n't rocket scientists , and he could see an idiot daimon thinking they 'd found an upper hand by using her that way .
he 'd probably hit the ceiling like a rocket if she tried .
` ` well , not to insult a man who looks like a rocket scientist in comparison to you , but ... run , forrest , run . ''
what the rocket scientist had failed to mention to rafael was the small fact that the daimons were headed into an apollite wedding reception .
` ` a rocket launcher and a tank ? ''
sen had n't warded the truck from the sun or stuck the motorcycle trailer on the back with her crotch rocket as any favor to evalle .
blood and adrenaline pulsed through her veins with enough force to send a rocket into space .
that would have come in handy if she 'd been able to strap tristan to the rocket .
ellie was healing with every second , his blood like rich , warm rocket fuel compared to the animals ' blood she 'd been forcing down .
and then daemon exploded like a bottle rocket .
others knelt at the edges of the helicopters , aiming weapons that reminded me of a small rocket launcher .
i resisted the urge to warn archer to do ... well , to not do anything , but as i walked toward the doorway to the foyer and stopped to look back at them over my shoulder , what i saw should ' ve had me going off like a rocket .
like a mini rocket , i threw myself at him .
it would take damn near a rocket to break them and nothing or no one is down there .
when the bell rang , i shot out of my seat like a mini rocket , shoving my books back into my bag as i walked out of class .
i ' m just saying that this thing with zayne is n't rocket science .
she stared at him for a good half a minute and then exploded like a bottle rocket .
like a bottle rocket .
word about killer suvs on the warpath and mack attacks traveled at the speed of a rocket .
the words burst out of me like a bottle rocket and i was down the stairs and in aimee 's face before i even knew it .
and its rocket had been launched .
with no opportunity to weigh my options , i sent another bolt of magic out - this one a thousand helixes strong - to block the rocket and send it back to its launching point , trying to contain the blast .
you hit it twice , two ounces , not rocket science . ''
a regular f**king rocket scientist .
she ( he ) waved gaily as she took off like a rocket .
she opened her eyes , and the sincerity in his gaze , the pure affection , slammed rubi 's chest like a rocket .
full acceleration would be like riding a rocket .
it 'll just hurt like - ` ` from out of nowhere , fire hurtled down at him with the force of a rocket .
he leveled his aim at her , emptying a clip , but she 'd already hurled the bal at him with the speed of a rocket .
tomorrow 's fourth of july fireworks had been canceled , but the occasional rocket went up in a show of defiance in bright sparkles and noise .
the friction nearly caused me to go off like a rocket .
` ` now i am , my darling - wait , do you prefer little person , vertically challenged , or pocket rocket ? ''
noelle had named her after a character in an old movie she and ava loved to watch , but just then she seriously considered changing the name back to pocket rocket .
then his thumb brushed over her clit , and she shot off like a rocket , spasming around those fingers still pumping in her , sending her over a second time .
` ` you are beyond mistaken , rocket . ''
bellorie was the little red rocket that could - rocket for short .
` ` you 're up , rocket , '' elin told her .
gideon 's eyelids flew open , his conscious mind propelled from that dream - state as if riding a rocket .
there was a smoking hole in his shoulder where the rocket must have hit first , yet his strength was undisturbed .
the rocket had been released .
his fingers joined the play , three thrusting up inside her without any more preparation or warning , and she shot off like a rocket , screaming , pressure finally breaking completely , stars exploding behind her eyes , inner walls clenching around him , holding him captive .
she was one hot little multi - orgasmic rocket .
and before she knew how , they 'd fallen into full - on rocket sex again .
i do n't know if it was the lack of sleep , the fear , months of stress , or the fact i was talking to an empty sludge pond , but i was certain my head was about to grow rocket boosters and blast off my body .
or perhaps shoved in a rocket filled with vile , tiny , green men who had horrible flatulence , then shot off into space where she would be forced to watch them pick their noses and scratch themselves all day long .
i ' m about to pop off like a rocket . ''
because she felt like the one who was about to ` ` pop off like a rocket . ''
it did n't take a rocket science to figure out she was telling me that she worried i would be pressured to have sex .
but checking on that light is n't investigative rocket science .
before i had a chance to react , he flung like a rocket into the trees outlining the field .
i know , it 's not rocket science , but finding another way that carrie and co. do n't have it all figured out only makes me feel stronger .
and we both get to blow off a little steam in a way far more interesting than creating scrap metal targets for the rocket launchers . ''
` ` it 's not rocket science .
a pang of grief rockets through me as i take her in by the fire with the orange flames lashing her already tan skin .
he 's standing alone , nursing a red plastic cup filled with rocket fuel , so i go on over .
our lust is explosive , enough to fuel a rocket to mars .
` ` you need the super - max size - big enough to house a dick the size of a rocket ship , huh ? ''
it does n't take a rocket scientist to realize she 's been crying .
the last time mom and chloe passed the chalice it was that rocket fuel that cleared their bowels for months .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to know we 're staring down the barrel of eternal servitude .
* * * we land hard with our backs nailed to the ground as a phosphorescent plume explodes overhead like a rocket .
i turn in time to see chloe brimming with pride , a wrist rocket dangling from her hand .
i give it a hard push and eject the creature off me like a rocket .
he wo n't be considering a career in rocket science anytime soon .
i ' m cutting through the wind like a rocket ship , a missile - a butterfly .
it both detracts and rockets this experience to its zenith , leaves me lingering far too long and far too willing .
` ` that 's what friends are for , not people named tom with a dual degree in rocket science and brain surgery . ''
a spear of adrenaline shoots through my chest like a rocket .
anger courses through me like rocket fuel .
his finger glides in and out , and a sweet throb rockets through me , slow and steady as he picks up his pace .
my eyes flutter back in my head , and all sorts of feel good vibrations rocket through me like errant missiles shooting off in every direction at once .
i land my lips over hers and sink a kiss into her strong enough to fuel rocket ships .
it 's not rocket science . ''
rocket science refers to aerospace engineering and focusing on how a rocket functions .
unfortunately , your mind does n't have a text book i can read to figure it out like rocket science does - hence why i ' m asking the source of what has clouded my mind ever since the day we met .
it did n't take a rocket scientist - or someone who had done this before - to know what they were getting ready to do .
` ` you 're a fucking rocket scientist ? ''
you could be a rocket scientist .
he 's a rocket scientist .
` ` does my vast rocket science knowledge turn you on ? ''
it was at these words that lily 's frustration at not knowing about nate , not understanding why his shields were up , why the impenetrable armour shrouded his heart , broke through like a rocket .
` ` you can move like a rocket and you can probably lift up that car and throw it across the street . ''
it was n't rocket science but it also was n't pressing four numbers into a keypad either .
there it was again , it hit his gut like a rocket and colt could n't stop from laughing so hard he could n't hold his head up doing it so he bent his neck and shoved his face in her neck .
making drinks and making change was n't rocket science but we were relatively busy and when it got busy you had to have a good memory and be able to multitask .
sibyl 's already racing heart started its rocket thrusters .
` ` yeesh , this is n't rocket science . ''
jojo shot like a rocket backstage to avoid the smithie confrontation .
when we were in and buckled up , tex took off like a rocket and i felt the g - forces pul ing me back against the seat .
i did n't know what ` ` the holding room '' was but it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure it out .
it was n't rocket science but uncle tex was a dril sergeant and daisy kept gabbing about everything under the sun and over - frothing the milk .
al our heads fol owed her as the car twisted viciously around to face the right way again and she took off like a rocket .
i was close , heading toward grade ten like a rocket .
he kept going and my rocket ride kept ascending .
his arms went loose , i pushed up , scrambled over him , got to my feet and i shot to the bathroom like a rocket .
at my words , olivia , already ready to blow , pushed the lever up to engage the rocket launchers .
daisy answered , her own rocket launchers fired up and blazing , ready to roar .
this is n't rocket science boys .
some guy named sid was under investigation by the police ( for your information , when he said , ` ` police '' , it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out he meant hank and eddie ) .
not exactly rocket science , and i say this as someone who seriously considered rocket science as a career . ''
not exactly rocket science , and i say this as someone who seriously considered rocket science as a career . ''
when i got home and my mom saw my freshly slapped cheek , she went through the roof like a rocket .
i knew that if i announced that it was far more than temporary , he 'd be joining mom on the rocket blasting through the roof .
he pointed toward two guardian sentinels who were nearly hidden beneath the layers of guns , swords , and ... holy shit , was that a rocket launcher ?
besides , if he 'd come gunning for her , he would have brought a rocket launcher .
guns , swords , crossbows , maces , daggers ... the only thing missing was a rocket launcher , and salvatore would n't have been surprised if there was one or two tucked inside the wooden cabinets at the back of the room .
` ` it 's not rocket science . ''
he stands there a moment in shock before taking off like a rocket up the hall .
then takes off like a rocket down the hall to the bathroom .
yes , she came like a rocket from his barest touch , but she was sure he was used to that kind of reaction from women .
reading the directions took a little time , because she 'd always sucked at the whole letter / word stuff , but this was n't rocket science .
beth had bounced back from the c - section like a rocket , feeding well , eating well , and being the best damn mother on the planet .
cy hooked my fingers with his and then pulled , shooting me up through the vent like a rocket .
sometimes i wondered if the job description for rocket scientists had a no - sense - of - humor requirement .
` ` wow , it 's like you 're a rocket scientist or something !
the police would have caught me if i was n't as fast as a rocket . ''
` ` as fast as a rocket , huh ? ''
i 'd studied , and this was n't rocket science .
it seemed to be some kind of rocket ... .
the rocket .
maybe someone had thrown a bottle rocket through the front window and it was setting the carpet on fire ... .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out what she wanted . ''
elton john was singing ` ` rocket man '' on the jukebox .
` ` it does n't take a rocket scientist to know we 're not going to make any money selling something people can get for free . ''
and , as i expected , the rocket has launched and she 's now racing with the stars as she soars to the heavens with me between her thighs .
` ` what i would n't give for a rocket launcher , '' brahm muttered .
when he came back to our blanket , he had a bottle rocket in his hand , and as i 'd suggested the night before , there was a piece of paper taped around it .
without looking at us , ty took a deep breath and lit the fuse , then he planted the bottle rocket in the ground .
with peculiar gravitas , he shot off a confetti bottle rocket , but the little dude seemed to think it was awesome .
i curl my thumb downward and she explodes like a rocket .
it was an incredibly handy skill , and bubbles was probably the single stealthiest person i 'd ever met in my life , but she was n't exactly a rocket scientist .
i ' m bored , and the person who has the bots is n't exactly a rocket scientist .
it was underwear , not rocket science .
she might not have been a rocket scientist , but she was fast .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to do the math .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that they considered caroline to be the biggest threat .
either way , it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that if shay had fifteen full - grown weres camped out along our northwest border , they were there for a reason .
` ` i do n't know anything that you do n't , bryn , but it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure that this could get ugly . ''
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure it out .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to see that .
plus , it had been rather amazing to watch him blast up into the sky like a rocket .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out early on that i had nothing in common with any of the girls .
` ` you own a real rocket ship ? ''
i work on rocket ships .
` ` you 're a rocket scientist . ''
but we do n't call ourselves rocket scientists any longer .
a nerdy , rich rocket scientist who wanted to get married and meet his match .
` ` what makes the rocket go off , right ? ''
she grew damp between her thighs , and her nipples hardened to tight little points , and within those few seconds , she was completely turned on by her geek rocket scientist .
` ` hmm , i ' m making over a rocket scientist , huh ?
` ` but if one remains stagnant , and never follows an impulse , there is no rocket launch at all . ''
unless you 're very happy where you are , and then who needs a rocket ride ? ''
a rocket scientist ? ''
they do n't call it rocket science anymore . ''
how would you feel if i told you a rocket scientist- '' ` ` aerospace engineer . ''
fantasizing about her rocket scientist was off limits .
this was no timid , nerdy rocket scientist .
are you hired to build a certain rocket ? ''
the thought of him trying to teach her a lesson , and putting that fierce focus all on her pleasure lit her up like one of those rocket ships he worked on .
and the image of her rational rocket scientist losing his temper completely turned her on .
you get nuts if you do n't have a man chomping at your ass , but it seems you ' ve been putting all your energy into rocket scientist man . ''
just one night with her rocket scientist and she 'd let him go again .
dear god , who would ' ve thought her rocket scientist knew how to talk dirty ?
she closed her eyes and wondered if her rocket scientist had ruined her for life .
` ` the rocket scientist ? ''
by a rocket .
i ca n't ... '' ` ` come , '' he rasps , ` ` it 's all right , we 'll do it again in a bit ... come ... '' pure red - hot ecstasy radiates through my body , my knees falling open , my emotions whirling and skidding , my body clenching and clasping and unclasping his , his thrusts shooting currents through me until i do what his sinful body is making me do , and i come like a rocket .
i keep seeing green eyes , green eyes turned an emerald dark as she comes like some f**king rocket , thrashing and twisting beneath me .
i can hardly stand looking at him without launching myself at him like a rocket - a haywire rocket on a permanent , pretty worrisome detour .
i can hardly stand looking at him without launching myself at him like a rocket - a haywire rocket on a permanent , pretty worrisome detour .
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that if rhodes thinks i ' m a threat , he probably figures you for one , too . ''
` ` would n't take a rocket scientist to disarm it , especially in the middle of the night during a major storm when no one was around . ''
i blew past danielle in two seconds and then i was kicking it higher , blazing , a rocket streaking over the dead grass , shush shush shush shush .
spider or no spider , if their cats started flying , he would be out of here like a rocket .
` ` it 's not rocket science , son .
it was n't exactly rocket science .
` ` hey , now , it was n't exactly rocket science . ''
my right hand landed on his leg , desperation making those hated inner currents rocket from me and into him with far more power than normal .
adam would probably ask me to help him collect the bottle rocket sticks off the lake bottom tomorrow , another one of his dad 's rules .
then he handed me a bottle rocket and lit it for me with a lighter from his pocket .
the faint bass beat of the music across the water was punctuated by the occasional foop of a bottle rocket .
a bottle rocket exploded in the water just below us , illuminating a blob of bryozoa clinging to the wharf .
but we did n't all want a rocket scientist , did we ?
you may not be a rocket scientist , quentin , but that song you wrote in two minutes last night while you were plastered is going to earn you several million dollars .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that the vampire had found her and freed her , though how roshan had crossed the threshold remained a mystery .
i shot up off the bed like a bottle rocket ; turned to face him with the most natural smile i could muster .
i launched myself out of that bed like a rocket .
` ` bill ... '' eric began cautiously , and it set me off like a rocket .
hoyt , big and beefy and no rocket scientist , looked genuinely concerned .
then catfish launched himself off the couch like a bottle rocket .
i at least hope you ' ve got a pocket rocket or something that takes batteries ! ''
i was out of my seat as if a rocket had fired me .
` ` she 's a rocket scientist . ''
she better not stay for the fireworks , or i 'll have a bottle rocket with her name on it , '' sophia said , a little louder this time .
when they tried the dating thing a year ago - after i insisted- they hit it off like a space rocket on launch day .
as our lips continue to mesh in a passionate frenzy , her breathing starts picking up , her moans get louder , and it dawns on me that my little responsive pocket rocket might actually be getting more than we both bargained for .
my little firebird is a pocket rocket of sexual energy .
` ` knew you 'd go off like a rocket . ''
i swear to god that i could keep swallowing him , and with one touch to my clit , i 'd be going off like a rocket on the fourth of july .
you 're a catch , a hot little pocket rocket of awesome that deserves to be loved . ''
` ` rocket fuel , '' i wheezed out .
i 'd burned myself on an errant bottle rocket as a child , and the thought of moving closer to a raging inferno was n't exactly comfortable .
whistling like a bottle rocket , a three - foot - long arrow flew into the empty planter on the ledge beside me .
out here , she was like a rocket . ''
` ` johnny rocket 's ? ''
when he withdrew his hand , he was holding a popsicle , one of the classic kinds shaped like a rocket ship with layers of red , white , and blue .
the fifteen - foot boat moved slowly and had an amazing array of purple lights that rose to a pinnacle , which in turn lit up like a fireworks rocket exploding .
please have rocket launchers in place and be ready to fire on my orders .
he 'd flown like a rocket in grace 's direction and caught her just before she struck one of the rock outcroppings .
jean - pierre 's temper , already simmering , shot like a rocket into outer space .
it 's not rocket science , just think the thought . ''
he pulled his wings into close - mount , which made a rocket of his body .
having his wing - locks stimulated during a climax was like taking a rocket ride into outer space .
the orgasm hit her like a rocket and she was screaming into the comforter , her body undulating as his fingers kept working her .
both would eat up the coastal roads like the blast of a rocket , rain or shine .
after a few seconds , he drew his wings into close - mount , tight against his body , then headed like a rocket after the bastard .
the scent of lavender took him on a rocket ride and he hardened painfully .
even a warrior of the blood was no match for a regiment and a rocket launcher .
the ceilings were tall motherfuckers and would allow for anything in flight to climb high then descend at will like a rocket .
he let it engage his levitation abilities , and like a rocket he flew straight up , through the wind , angling to fly faster than ever toward grochaire .
` ` but should n't we ... ca n't we ... ` ` shoot a rocket at gregor and launch him off the roof ?
chapter fourteen boston was leaning toward shelby to claim that promise in her eyes , when a rocket launched into the sky and exploded over their heads in a purple cascade .
hell , baby , i 'll hire a rocket to take you to the moon if that 's what you really want . ''
damn my brother to hell and back on a rocket .
` ` conner , putting the baby gate up was n't rocket science .
i grab the prawns from the freezer compartment and leave the bag running under some water to defrost them while i gather the rest of the ingredients like there 's a rocket up my arse .
who had launched that rocket at the chopper ?
it did n't take a rocket scientist to recognize that their connection was different .
but i got ta tell ya , it does n't take a rocket scientist - or professional profiler - to figure that out . ''
behind them , an air force rocket launch facility loomed with a missile at least twenty stories high .
any shot she could deliver here today was n't going to rattle a man who 'd spent hours flying over hundreds of taliban fighters lobbing potshots and aiming rocket launchers his way .
sophie crept inside , dodging planetary systems and rocket ships dangling from the ceiling .
i may not be a rocket scientist , but i realize that 's damn rare . ''
she dipped her head lower and mumbled , ` ` rocket scientist as well as military hero and motel mogul . ''
if only i owned a shoulder - held rocket launcher ... '' he continued to talk about how he 'd enjoyed his view from the ground .
` ` you must be a flipping rocket scientist . ''
felt her words rocket right into him , straight for his heart - where she belonged .
` ` god knows , you always were one who could build a rocket out of a junior chemistry lab and a piece of your mother 's corning ware . ''
` ` but you built a rocket , danny , when most kids were still struggling to put together store - bought model planes or cars . ''
pulling mary elise into his arms had to be the stupidest damned thing he 'd done since his rocket blasted a hole in the yard and through the neighbor 's stained - glass window twenty years ago .
a hank of hair fell over his brow , and he could have been the boy building a rocket out of his mama 's corning ware .
her experience might fall short of her sister 's , but it did n't take a rocket scientist to conclude max had been attracted , too .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out you two just married because of your kids .
` ` so now you are a rocket scientist as well as an ace pilot . ''
kathleen might have the iq of a rocket scientist , but she 'd missed the mark this time .
` ` my god , paul , it 's not rocket science , which you happen to know . ''
` ` i ' m not a rocket scientist , '' he said , leaning back and giving me a look .
` ` he wants you on board his meat rocket .
` ` see if you feel the same way after i ' ve handled a rocket launcher or two without taking out the whole facility . ''
fuck , if he had a rocket launcher right now , he 'd blow these bastards to kingdom come .
kane , ethan , and holden sat on the opposite aisle , discussing the pros and cons of rocket launchers .
did n't take a rocket scientist to figure that one out .
` ` besides , this chopper has a f**king rocket launcher attached to its side .
needless to say , she was driving everyone crazy with her preparations , including morgan , who 'd stormed off after abby complained that it was a shame his prized helicopter did n't have more than one rocket launcher .
d was absently running a hand over the rocket launcher by the door , his features hard .
we 're charging ahead in a rocket car , and i have no idea if we 'll end up in paradise or smashed into a tree .
he laughed , happiness bursting through him like a bright rocket .
another was strapped to the roof with a rocket launcher .
one of whitney 's men hit it with a rocket in midair , turning the vehicle into a fiery ball of orange red .
from the open door , a rocket streaked through the darkness , trailing vapor , seeking a target .
the enemy 's helicopter tried to maneuver , but it was far too late ; the rocket was on top of them .
rose had to repeat the process she 'd used entering the fences , leaping straight up and gripping the top of the fence just below the barbed wire , and once again turning upside down to thrust herself in the air like a rocket to clear the pointed barbs and land on the other side .
she glided to her motorcycle , a crotch rocket , a lightning bolt if his guess was correct , built for nothing but speed and handling .
and she 'd definitely catch the murderers with her rocket of a motorcycle .
the orgasm tore through her like a rocket , from her br**sts to her belly , engulfing her womb and hot channel until she sobbed with the strength of her release .
every protective instinct of both species rose in zev like an exploding rocket .
the raw power of the engine felt like she was sitting on a live rocket ready to catapult into space .
it would n't have mattered if she 'd become a doctor or a rocket scientist .
he 's headed for the beach so i take off like a rocket , pummeling the ferns as i trip over them on my way to the shore .
not exactly rocket science . ''
i stood by his side for everything , from his rocket ship ride to superstardom to his descent into madness .
i just wanted to try and hit the ball like wilson did and then i was really good at it and then the ball went just like a rocket ! ''
he was shooting off like a rocket and halfway into his first turn before the cop even realized what was happening .
all i needed to do was make this worse than it already was - to send a rocket of power headed off in the wrong direction , frying the light fae elf warriors who had come to protect our home , fighting side by side with me .
if i could have sent a telepathic message right then to tim i would have said i was sorry , because it did n't take a rocket scientist to know that i was about to be taken prisoner by the dark fae - and poor tim was going to end up one too , by default .
i had no memory of that rocket piercing my flesh , i only knew that it had and that the larentii - i could n't say which ones - had saved me afterward .
and those f**kers - the strands - you already know they can get their hands on ranos pistols , rifles and rocket launchers .
teeg , nobody survives a ranos rocket .
tossed me out of the way and took that ranos rocket blast instead of allowing it to hit me .
when it did , i was out of my room like a rocket and kicking his door in .
suddenly , a stirring classical soundtrack booms over the dock and two rockets soar into the air , exploding with a deafening bang over the bay , lighting it all in a dazzling canopy of sparkling orange and white that 's reflected in a glittering shower over the still calm water of the bay .
on the pontoon in the bay several silver fountains of light shoot up twenty feet in the air , changing color through blue , red , orange , and back to silver - and yet more rockets explode as the music reaches its crescendo .
and then i saw the rocket ship .
the capsule at the top of the rocket ship was like our magical private clubhouse .
the rocket ship .
there 's a crazy rocket ship at the park where the view goes on forever . ''
i follow his gaze to the rocket ship , and at the same time , we turn to look at each other .
and then we will go down the hill , past the rocket ship , to the cemetery , to her grave , where a marker will say : megan luisa garcia i was here chapter one go home , turn off the lights , and kill yourself .
isaac was in pajamas decorated with rocket ships .
one look at these soldiers karou had made and humans would be shoving rocket launchers into jael 's hands .
` ` this prospective enemy that you appear to be taking lightly , '' said karou , ` ` has ... . '' she wanted to say that they had assault rifles and rocket launchers and military aircraft .
` ` it takes a special kind , called a rocket , '' i said .
mom and dad always let me choose the tree , and then dad would pay the tree farmer before cutting it down and strapping it to the roof of our car , where it would hang out over the windshield in front and poke out from the back like a roof - mounted rocket .
' i ' m going for it , ' boyce announced , punching stereo buttons like he was programming a rocket .
anger courses through me like a rocket launch .
i ' m not a rocket scientist and do n't need to be to know thin letters are n't good .
both excite me , just in totally different ways , and the anticipation is like rocket fuel to an already raging fire .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to see that this woman is something special .
when he reaches me , i know the instant he sets his hands on me that this is going to be a rocket ride to the moon , fast and furious and mind - blowing .
i saw summer shoot across the grass like a rocket .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that something 's wrong .
anger is like rocket fuel .
` ` before the invention of rockets and nuclear weapons that could fly long distances , '' he 'd said , ` ` it was very hard for any nation to attack this country .
27 of 32 she races towards him as a comet , as a rocket , as a bullet fired from before the beginnings of all things .
it 's hardly rocket science . '
it 's really not rocket science .
we 're here for one reason and one reason only - to have a fucking fantastic time so i refuse to talk about that douche rocket . ''
it only took a minute for my eyes to find ex - hole , cooper , dancing with allie bumphis and i felt my heart speed like a rocket .
it pissed the boy off every time wroth sniped him or i used a rocket launcher on him .
there was no guarantee they had enough to get all the way to the rocket , much less buy their way on board .
slaps were the only currency now , and getting to the rocket was expensive .
rockets holding who knew how many humans lept off their rocket pads , and shot into the night , leaving the planet forever .
rockets holding who knew how many humans lept off their rocket pads , and shot into the night , leaving the planet forever .
grant stared at the rocket , streaking away into the sky overhead .
the rocket had looked large , clumsy , and ugly , but it had shone in the dawn like a lighthouse , calling to travelers for miles .
it only took them ten minutes before they were finally there , standing at the makeshift fence that separated them from the only rocket off this rock that grant would dare to step in .
vestiges of sin and depravity that had no place in the world he and his rocket were heading towards .
the rocket was almost gone , vanishing into the dawn - lit sky .
the rocket had vanished into nothingness .
pilot to bridge officer : deceleration cut off in 30 seconds , rotation maneuver starting 5 seconds later , please sound maneuvering signal as soon as main rocket cuts off .
then half the board went yellow showing that he had lost the main rocket and did n't have enough velocity to maintain a safe orbit .
then he maneuvered the rocket to a 33 % angle to the trajectory and fired the main rocket at full thrust .
as he began watch he reread the flight plan and noticed that the first leg was above the orbital plane at 1 g using the old rocket .
john look at him and said , i feel like the bridge officer just stuck me in a rocket headed for the sun without an ounce of fuel .
i think that they want you to hand clean the rocket tubes and bilge .
the 22 day run would take 17 months with an o / h rocket .
no alarms had sounded , no screams of terror came from inside , and no men came running out armed with rocket launchers and itchy trigger fingers .
grenade is no longer your friend , and harley , the ultimate crotch rocket .
for one reason , the propulsion delivery system is not your typical rocket thrust .
i tell you , once i took control of my life and put that aeon to rest , my quest for new idyll highs faded into nothing , and my career took off like a rocket .
on august 31 , boffin syznics first satellite was launched by a rocket from a secret location in the kazakhstan desert .
nowadays with automatic weapons , rocket propelled grenades , and other such hardware , an ordinary human should nt have any problems taking out a jotunn .
` ` peter plotski multi millionaire , he 's in the rocket business , '' janet said .
we walked into a large room filled with middle aged men in expensive suits , there were exhibits along all the walls of the room , they were mostly models of satellites and rocket boosters .
` ` where do you install it on the rocket ? ''
` ` there 's a rocket launch at vandenberg three days from now , they 're using the frambulator , i put all the info in this envelope , i want you to go over there and examine it , they know you 're coming . ''
the last part took me over more dark hilly wilderness until i saw the bright lights of the small city that sat next to the rocket base .
the next morning after breakfast i took a taxi to the military base where the rocket launch facilities where .
i was soon on an elevator going up the gantry beside a tall fearsome looking rocket .
the elevator stopped about half way up and the door opened onto a long catwalk that ended a few inches from the side of the large rocket .
chapter seven i spent the next ten days waiting for the damn rocket to take off , i soon learned that the most necessary skill needed in a career of rocketry was patience .
i catch a glimpse of a rocket launcher before the t-2 raises it and aims for me .
i flee from my position as it fires , and the rocket flies , hits a large boxing machine , and blows it apart .
her final enemy entered through the front door and walked over its fallen brethren , wielding its own rocket launcher ; it was the team leader .
the team leader paused and fired as kat dove to the floor ; the rocket whooshed by her , blowing up a boxing machine near the cot .
the fires caused by the rocket have burn themselves out , pockets of smoke fill the large building , and the temperature has dropped at least ten degrees ; a cold front must have moved into the area .
beyond lay the launch site for the changzheng 6d multistage rocket that would bear her to the stars .
, , , , , the rocket shook with a shudder , starting as a gentle rumble then violently peaking as the craft broke free of its moorings and began its surprisingly slow ascent into the sky .
within moments , the grey gave way to an inky , lightless void , and liao felt another shudder as the last of the multistage rocket broke away , leaving the crew module drifting through the nothingness of low earth orbit .
they put you in these suits , and then they strap your arse to a giant rocket and blast you off at supersonic speeds .
well , actually , i suppose it is rocket science . '
they glared at me when i called it a rocket .
its called the sabre engine , and its a re - usable engine that works like a normal planes jet engine up to about 26 km , and then it turns into a rocket engine to push the rest of the way into space when the air gets too thin for a jet engine to work .
` ` that 's what i ' ve called this rocket launcher . ''
he watched in slow motion as the rocket shimmered in the air .
he knew it was a direct hit , but he could nt help but watch as the rocket lined itself up with the fuel port .
are you trying to tell me that a vampire can withstand a blast from a rocket launcher ?
you will find that there are only two ways to destroy a vampire , and neither of those is with a rocket launcher , he paused .
the grappler was a handheld rocket propelled cable - attaching device .
the grappler was only one of the modular inserts of the wrist rocket guns deckard carried with him .
as she faded from sight , deckard took a deep breath , cracked his neck and drew his 10 mm wrist rocket .
in the end , both wrist rocket barrels were melted and warped beyond repair , the ultracat light reflection collar was fused and useless , and both members of one - seven had suffered extensive wounds , including the traumatic amputation of three claws , two fingers , and one toe , gunshot wounds through and through to the right and left arm , right thigh , and two left ears .
reflexively , deck 's wrist rocket slid into his ready hand .
the wrist rocket was snapped back into place and he activated his watch and whispered into it .
and they re called rocket scientists , president westwood said with a chuckle while his eyes were on his report .
we better let the aliens know our intentions with sending a rocket to the iss .
meanwhile , back in florida , a spacex falcon nine rocket lifted off one of the launch pads at cape canaveral air force station .
then around the world , other rocket rangers sprang into action .
a spacex rocket launched from cape canaveral , florida for a special mission .
a new nasa sls rocket launched from the kennedy space center in florida .
morning in the sensesuit lab felt like preparations for a rocket launch .
they stopped what they were doing and gawked at the strange man with the rocket pack on his back being led by a man in a hooded brown cloak .
onboard perseus after the rocket was launched , arthur and pasha had a few unpleasant moments connected with high levels of acceleration .
lets play rocket ship !
for a short guy , i swung a mean bat back then and had a rocket arm .
using my rocket of a throwing arm , i picked up and heaved another and then another large stone at the leg 's mounting point .
the roller coasters were literally ` ` out - of - this - world '' , since they normally involved rocket fuel and space suits .
if i had an opportunity to partake in one of laddie 's sugary mounds of ice , i 'd prefer a rocket fuel raspberry or an oil - based apricot and olive .
` ` yeah , maybe if i have a pair of rocket shoes , '' jenny said in a dejected tone , as she secured her lighter than air backpack between her feet .
our only hope was a combination of nuclear explosive technology , and rocket and satellite science .
` ` yes , i believe it could be done , '' answered a rocket specialist .
if we can load up a rocket , get it up there , and maneuver it into the comet 's path in time , we can explode many megatons of explosives against it . ''
most of the men and women present sat in front of computerized equipment with communication headsets on , and at the front of the room , the wall was equipped with many television screens , showing different areas of the two rockets about to be launched into space .
the clock ticked down to the final minute as the launch technicians monitored the rocket for any malfunctions .
the two rockets began to rumble as the rocket fuel within ignited , and billows of smoke spewed from the base .
the two rockets began to rumble as the rocket fuel within ignited , and billows of smoke spewed from the base .
everyone is especially nervous with the big brass present to witness the launch of a german v-2 rocket , which the u.s . army recovered at the end of world war ii .
he has assembled representatives from the government , military , and civilian aircraft manufacturing companies to demonstrate the capabilities of the german v-2 rocket .
and now , with their help , general twining hopes to demonstrate the potential of rocket propulsion .
it does nt have any propellers , jet or rocket engines .
the aeronautical engineer assesses the craft as not belonging to any aircraft , rocket , weapons , or balloon test that are normally conducted from the surrounding bases .
because it has no control surfaces or external components for propeller , jet , or rocket propulsion , this strongly suggests that this craft was developed for flight in outer space .
at 2332 hours , on 3 july , radar stations detected two ufos while in preparation of a v-2 rocket launch near white sands proving ground .
general vandenberg states , the recovered object has been assessed as not being any aircraft , rocket , weapons , or balloon test that is normally conducted from the surrounding bases .
9/18/49 at white sands proving ground , n.m . major evens is present to witness the launch of a v-2 rocket .
it is a reinforced concrete building with a large window facing the rocket on the launch pad .
at exactly 3:00 pm , smoke and flames billow out from the bottom of the rocket as it lifts off from the launch pad without any problems .
the rocket begins swerving wildly out of control and is detonated in mid air .
the director says , you have been asked to come here in order to investigate a number of v-2 rocket launches that have failed .
it had been assumed that the rockets were interfered with in some way because ufos have been seen in the area during the launches .
i had to detonate the rocket soon after the launch because it started maneuvering out of control .
these were high altitude rocket launches to study radiation effects on living organisms .
personnel associated with the north american x-15 rocket plane project have reported experiencing missing time .
bnpt scientists blasted rocket ships off on a tri - secondly basis , delivering load after load of refuse to the surface of the new planet .
i charted a path through razor sharp ravines of pointy rocket ships .
oblivious to what was happening , one day the poor little thing was crammed into a rocket ship with rotting piles of slop and blasted off to the surface of garbotron .
one of the first rocket ships to arrive on the planet , milt would witness the complete transformation of the untainted sphere into the abhorrent , festering museum of human discharge it would become .
let 's head over to the razor sharp ravines of pointy rocket ships .
chapter 39 fralgoth : notorious intergalactic thief of voodoo antiquities , and the movie ' plasma raiders 3 ' as wilx attempted to find a usable rocket ship , rip and i sat down and tried to make sense of everything .
these rocket ships looked like props from a cheesy science fiction movie .
minos was up it like a rocket , practice having made perfect , the rest of us struggled up behind him .
a rocket ship is attacking us !
there had been a media storm after the mysterious deaths of all the church leaders , but no one had ever been able to properly explain it , and although the ordinary church members had described an attack by a small red rocket ship spitting fire , no one had ever linked that to her .
but wo nt the un call in tanks and helicopter gunships and rocket launchers to surround the target zone ?
the massive explosion of fire acted like a rocket , slowing her down with a strong reactive force .
then it dawned on her that wings would nt work in a vacuum , instead she needed rocket propulsion , something along the lines of the engine of her car .
so once again she twisted her head and emitted another rocket blast , and now she was heading for the base of the ramp .
as he started coming down , he forced a burst of water from his base , which cushioned his fall like a rocket would for a small spaceship .
the weapons of choice were m16s and ak 47s along with rocket launchers , special 45 - caliber , 1911 colt pistols .
she shot off of the ground like a rocket , flying nearly a hundred feet into the air .
like a rocket she soared across the lava pool and before aeria was able to take off , she readied her attack .
its primary propulsion system consisted of polarized magnetic drives complimented by a rocket fueled propulsion system .
she s armed to the teeth ; rocket launchers included .
he let his onboard machine guns rip slightly ahead of the vehicles and then let loose a rocket , finding its mark fifty yards past the vehicles .
but the four of them had enough firepower to take on a small army : the russian with his sks and sarpac rocket ... he with his pistol and mahmoud with his ak-47 and fistfulls of ammunitionibrihim with a host of explosives .
the little rocket fizzed from the stubby tube like satans discarded glowbug , zipping out fifty feet in front of him in a confused , drunken run .
you got the first rocket in space powered solely by faeces award by default when europes spacecraft burnt up in the atmosphere on its trip home .
just to for precaution i commanded data to turn on my rocket boots as i leapt toward the rock - covered hatch .
why did nt i just turn on my rocket boots ?
martha initiated the rollover programme and the shuttle flipped sickeningly from backward facing rocket retarder to aircraft configuration , then began to ride on her wings .
` ` you mean if they launch a bomb or a rocket or something at us , they ca n't hurt us ? ''
and i ' m guessing there 's not very many rocket enthusiasts around here . ''
scattered along the workbench was a collection of cardboard boxes , and several rocket bodies jutted out of each of them .
straight up , he saw a viper iii , norad , and stovi rocket .
he could hardly control his excitement as he lied , ` ` i was gon na get two rockets , but with these engines , i think i 'd rather just get one rocket and stock up on these ! ''
he could hardly control his excitement as he lied , ` ` i was gon na get two rockets , but with these engines , i think i 'd rather just get one rocket and stock up on these ! ''
` ` it 's a level three rocket engine . ''
` ` yeah , rocket engines are like electronics .
they rolled their winnings several lots away till they found a more secluded spot , then settled down to the task of dismantling the engines from the rocket mounts , breaking them down to raw ingredients .
by now , liberty had the front door open and deposited a box of rocket paraphernalia on the kitchen table before running to the bathroom , motioning that he 'd be back in a second .
i was expecting a big rocket or something , said fintan .
steam blows from the bottom of the rocket , and its enough to get us into space .
the elders once told me that the first humans came here on a rocket .
if any of the others have any insight into rocket propulsion , they are welcome to come down and help .
crossing the edge of the crater seemed a lot more foreboding when flying on top of several tons of explosive rocket fuel .
you must be wondering if your rocket is all right , started dalrin , snapping stowik back to attention .
i see now that you have rocket propulsion technology that neither we nor the opposition are capable of , and now that they know you ve got it , they want it .
` ` you can then get the powers , '' system said , sounding like a rocket scientist using small words to explain a complicated concept to a first grader : a concept he himself knew very well but the first grader would never comprehend .
you have laws rocket or something in your back pocket ? ''
whisper hit the engine ignition on the rocket jetpack , ` ` i 'll fly reconnaissance ... keep in touch and head south .
one well - aimed rocket and it 's all over . ''
the woman barely had time to gasp when danny ran headfirst into her with the rocket pack ; the force yanking her completely off the roof of the armored transport .
it propelled her forward like a rocket towards the rising helicopter .
dan yelled , and on cue tristian pulled betty from the large holster on her back , and handed the rocket launcher to trayn who threw it straight into dans outstretched hand .
he reached up and grabbed betty , strapping the rocket launcher to his back .
you think this situation calls for a rocket launcher ?
every situation calls for a rocket launcher .
once a missile falls under a fighters control , the rocket remains in orbit around your ship until fired using your ships internal targeting system .
frowning , she replayed the most recent demonstration , squinting hard to track the individual movements of dozens of small fighters as they wove through one anothers machine gun and rocket fire to maneuver close enough for a kill .
as the six ships came within range , the lead destroyer fired a single rocket .
the antiquated ship was unable to move quickly enough to get out of range before the rocket drove into the massive rear exhaust , plunging into the superheated liquid plasma fueling the engines .
within the two - story engine , the metal tip of the rocket crumpled as it struck the burning liquid fuel , exposing a resilient dark canister within .
gods save us , the captain muttered , as the first rocket slammed into the limping alliance cruiser .
it was nt pretty , but the new engines sure beat the pants off the old chemical rocket propulsion for both speed and range .
` ` go to the rocket .
chapter 2 : the ride home cindy scooched over to the passenger seat when jimmy walked over and hopped into the rocket .
jimmy frowned and began lifting the rocket into the sky .
as he began to pilot the rocket like a robot , he let his mind wander .
he ran back to his rocket and grabbed his emergency supplies .
jimmy angrily switched the rocket over to auto - pilot and spun around to stare at her .
he turned back to the control panel and monitored the rocket 's status .
we 're already two hours past curfew , and i do n't need some satanic kid hijacking my rocket while i ' m trying to make sure he 's tied up nice and tight . ''
heaven knows you do n't want me to fly your rocket ! ''
jimmy dug his fingernails into the rocket 's steering wheel and turned his head to stare at her .
the rocket could handle itself while reentering the earth 's atmosphere .
the swerving and bumping as jimmy struggled to remain control of the rocket awoke the sleeping libby and sheen .
carl was still staring out over the edge of the rocket , worrying about school starting tomorrow .
` ` home again , safe and sound as always , '' he cheerily said while hopping out of the rocket and running over to open cindy 's door .
he and carl helped her hop out of the rocket .
it 's too dark for me to fly the rocket to the hospital .
i mean , i know the agents are tough , but if you had a ton of guns and a rocket launcher ... '' he immediately shook his head .
` ` we start by adding the state of the art propulsion drives to the key points of the rocket .
` ` goddard , please show rocket demo 3a . ''
a ferris wheel appeared with a rocket behind each cart .
` ` now , each cart will give a short burst from its rocket .
this will push the rocket forward and each separate cart downwards , which will create a spinning motion .
` ` you ' ve been in my rocket dozens of times , you ' ve even piloted it a couple of times .
` ` yeah , i started keeping a specially designed pulse rifle on my rocket after i fought that twonkie a couple of years back .
we 'll fix that by altering its path slightly by using our rocket 's thrusters to push it towards the yolkian planet .
` ` if something happens to me up there , and i hope it does n't , then my rocket would be lost .
they both stared at their llama - obsessed friend , who shuddered with fright as cindy handed him a pistol to place on a rocket .
he threw the tissue onto the ground and walked up to carl , who looked fearfully at his rocket .
cindy hopped into the rocket near him .
he then turned to his left and saw sheen hop into a rocket .
he looked into the back of his rocket and saw several guns as well as a bag of food , clothes , and other supplies .
jimmy shouted as his rocket zoomed into the sky at an impossible speed .
jimmy desperately swerved his rocket ninety degrees to the right , but he knew that it would n't turn quick enough .
jimmy screamed as his rocket closed in .
jimmy absent - mindedly flew his rocket in circles for several minutes until libby returned .
but as soon , and i mean at exactly the same time , as the last rocket completely passed through where the force field had been , it went back up .
` ` he 'll be electrocuted , his rocket will be destroyed ! ''
he anxiously spun his rocket around to rescue nick , but he saw that he was in no danger .
nick 's rocket rested on a seemingly invisible floor , and nick was standing up in the middle of the sky .
` ` nick , get back into your rocket .
` ` send a rocket up here .
he could see a bumper car rocket flying towards him .
jimmy gunned his rocket and took off , continuing his course to space .
he had finished programming his autopilot and distributing it to every rocket an hour ago .
jimmy glimpsed at the rocket gently gliding by his left .
chapter 21 : setting up camp jimmy 's eyes shot open as his rocket began to shake and jump forward .
he immediately put his headset back on and grabbed his rocket 's steering wheel .
i have to refill all of the rockets ' fuel , monitor the rocket 's thrust pattern , check with libby on control team 's status , gather , '' he was about to continue when nick shook his head .
i have to refill all of the rockets ' fuel , monitor the rocket 's thrust pattern , check with libby on control team 's status , gather , '' he was about to continue when nick shook his head .
` ` sheen , you ' ve proven yourself brave on many occasions , especially when you jumped on the league of villain 's rocket to rescue me .
we ' ve got around a dozen of our best computer geeks adjusting your rocket 's automated thrust patterns , zeroing in on our parents ' location , and about a dozen more odd jobs .
there was no reason for there to be more than one person in a rocket .
jimmy asked while jumping into the rocket cindy had prepared for him and flipping several switches .
` ` i 'll load a rocket with supplies and fly it ! ''
` ` you 're not skilled enough to fly a rocket through this .
i ' ve spent five hundred hours piloting a rocket in my video game .
i need to disengage another rocket from the asteroid ! ''
he shouted while jumping out of his rocket .
sheen finally reached the rockets and threw the two bags into the back of the rocket jimmy had prepared for him .
sheen finally reached the rockets and threw the two bags into the back of the rocket jimmy had prepared for him .
` ` get in the freaking rocket , sheen ! ''
chapter 29 : man down everyone in jimmy 's rocket was violently flung to the right , and slammed against the wall .
he cringed as he heard the bottom of his rocket scrape against another asteroid .
jimmy pulled his ship 's joystick up and rose above several more asteroids the size of his house before swerving the narrow snake - like rocket through several asteroids in front of him and to his right .
she was handling the large rocket with surprising skill , but she did n't appear to see a torrent of asteroids coming at a forty - five degree angle from her left .
he instructed everyone on his rocket .
he viciously turned right and increased his speed as much as his rocket allowed .
she dived downwards as the asteroids slammed into the middle section of jimmy 's rocket .
jimmy was sent flying into the windshield as the asteroids bombarded his rocket 's midsection .
sheen 's rocket was by far the smallest and most agile , yet he seemed to be having the most difficult time .
nick rotated his rocket so that the cart two seats above him now faced the asteroids .
being near the bottom of the rocket made piloting more difficult , but he did n't see any other choice .
nick let out a primal shout of anger and fear as more asteroids flew towards his rocket .
he screamed while accelerating his rocket towards the asteroids .
suddenly , the largest asteroid he had seen so far slammed straight into his rocket , crumpling the vehicle 's nose and sending sheen spiraling downwards .
jimmy risked a quick look at nick 's rocket .
dents and holes covered nearly every inch of the rocket .
cindy 's rocket , use frequency 1034 khz .
jimmy nodded and was about to ask cindy about her rocket when a familiar voice interrupted him .
but how is everyone on your rocket ? ''
` ` my rocket has two concussions and a broken arm .
jimmy turned his rocket around in a circle , looking for any sign of his friend .
chapter 30 : stranded sheen 's rocket spun out of control as its nose was crumpled like a ball of paper by the asteroid .
sheen screamed while frantically turning his rocket 's steering wheel .
he tried to pull up , but his rocket was slow and unresponsive .
as he continued to sit down and get his strength back , he wondered where the rocket was .
he saw the rocket around ten meters behind him .
` ` ok , alright , doing good , '' he whispered while painfully limping towards the rocket .
his rocket had been a bumper car design .
shards of glass littered the ground and the seat of the rocket .
the reinforced plating that cindy and jimmy had made to cover each rocket 's hull was almost completely torn off .
the cockpit of the rocket had n't fared any better .
he walked towards the back of the rocket , and finally saw the torn bags lying in the dirt .
they had gotten caught on shards of glass and metal on the rocket , and the rough , uneven terrain that they had landed on had ripped the remainder of the cloth .
he looked in the back of his rocket again to see if there was anything else there .
` ` it does n't matter , '' he told himself while leaning against the rocket 's steel frame and yawning .
lock on to his rocket 's tracing device and send me the data of his position .
nick asked while slowly flying his rocket around in circles .
either he 's in the dense part of the belt and the asteroids are blocking the signal , his rocket is destroyed , or both . ''
he slammed his fists into his seat and kicked the wall of his rocket beneath the dashboard .
he started to gun his rocket 's engines , but nick immediately parked his rocket in front of jimmy 's , blocking his path .
he started to gun his rocket 's engines , but nick immediately parked his rocket in front of jimmy 's , blocking his path .
jimmy angrily asked while flipping several more switches in his rocket .
you ca n't risk the lives of the kids in that rocket . ''
` ` yours and cindy 's rocket can wait there .
i 'll let everyone off of my rocket and they can wait on the surface until i return .
and if you and your rocket are destroyed , how am i going to get all of the kids on the surface of that planet back home ?
all the passengers in the rocket would have to be dumped on a planet to wait for their ride to come back .
chapter 32 : sheen sheen opened his eyes , expecting to find himself back on a rocket , .
but as he looked all around him , he only saw the barren landscape of his new home and the wreckage of his rocket .
he limped towards his rocket and collapsed onto it .
he took a few deep breaths and leaned against the framework of his rocket .
he watched his rocket slam into the ground .
keeping his eyes closed , he prayed to ultralord that he would wake up in a rocket , flying towards the yolkian planet with the rest of his platoon .
` ` they 're not coming back for me , and i ca n't repair the rocket .
i ca n't fix the rocket !
are you sure that you ca n't fix the rocket ?
he turned around to look at the rocket , but every muscle in his body sent out waves of pain once again .
he only had the guns , the remains of the rocket , and the clothes he was wearing .
he took a deep breath and turned around to face the rocket , ignoring the pain all across his body .
he stared at the rocket .
even if he could somehow fix the wires with no tools and no knowledge , the rocket itself was in no shape to fly .
sheen rolled his eyes and stared at the metal framework of the rocket .
he sat down on the ground and leaned against his rocket .
` ` nick 's rocket is in the worst condition .
she focused in on the area where the rockets ' tracer signals were being sent from .
i think it 's around four kilometers from your rocket 's position .
i 'll send the images to the monitor in your rocket .
` ` nick , sneaking up on a rocket is a hell of a lot harder than sneaking up on a planet .
an hour and a half later , jimmy was lying underneath nick 's rocket .
jimmy shouted while crawling out from under the rocket to see nick knocking on the steel frame .
` ` this way , '' nick told him while leading jimmy a few hundred yards west of the rockets ' resting place .
then our preliminary offensive squad will get in the rocket and infiltrate the mother ship . ''
he fought them just long enough for him to get off of the ground and lean against the rocket .
he stared at the rocket that he was leaning on and shook his head at its worthlessness .
he slammed back down onto the ground , scraping his bare back against the rocket .
after five minutes of exploring the asteroid , he turned back towards the wreckage of his rocket .
` ` well , that was fun , '' he dejectedly muttered while falling back down to the ground and leaning against his rocket .
plus , there was always the chance that he would wake up on a rocket to discover that jimmy had rescued him during his slumber .
a rocket was coming straight towards his asteroid .
his pace faltered as got a good look at the rocket .
the array of firearms that he had salvaged from the crash lay in front of the rocket , all polished and loaded .
chapter 37 : two down sheen sprawled himself onto the ground and crawled as quickly and quietly as he could back to his rocket .
sheen rummaged through the wreckage of his rocket and found one of the backpack 's straps that go over the shoulders .
he ignored the red liquid and braced himself against the rocket .
there did n't seem to be any weapons systems on the exterior of the rocket , but they could possibly be concealed .
there was a good chance that this would be his last time taking off in a rocket .
there is no way that you can put another forty - something kids from my rocket onto two of yours , '' he said while motioning to nick .
` ` instead , '' he continued , ` ` ike will pilot this rocket to the mother ship .
but if they see the other occupants of the rocket , they 'll know about nick 's force and they 'll lose the element of surprise . ''
` ` hang on , '' she told her friends on the rocket .
he was monitoring the rocket 's positions .
she saw that the three rocket ships were indeed closing in on the yolkians .
ike pressed a few buttons on the rocket 's dashboard .
i 'll open the protective glass visor encasing this particular cart and cindy and i will drop down onto the rocket . ''
everyone in the rocket who was n't strapped down to their seats was flung onto the glass ceiling , which now became their floor .
jimmy popped open the screen , and he and cindy fell the seven feet down onto the rocket below .
jimmy watched as the rocket disappeared from his view as it circled to the far side of the planet .
cindy sat down on the rocket 's hull , and jimmy joined her .
the sound of the three rocket 's engines firing up was clearly audible , and the rockets soon disengaged from their temporary base .
the sound of the three rocket 's engines firing up was clearly audible , and the rockets soon disengaged from their temporary base .
she 's familiarizing herself with the alien piloting system so that she can fly this rocket home as soon as we confirm that our parents are onboard , '' jimmy told him .
cindy 's probably going to need help getting this rocket moving .
he was rather enjoying having the run of a rocket ship to himself .
` ` time to suit up , '' he said while decreasing the rocket 's speed .
` ` in you go , '' sheen said while pushing the crate inside the small rocket .
i thought that you could n't pilot the rocket through the asteroid belt , i hesitated to pick you on my capture the flag team , i left a drugged up libby in charge of the lab that first night '' he rattled off .
he clapped his hands together to emphasise the explosion and then shot one hand up in the air like a rocket .
in december 2000 she married jon read , nasa rocket scientist and martial artist , and moved to texas .
i was picturing you in a mad scientists lab coat tinkering on some huge stompy monster robot all covered in claws and rocket launchers .
the turtles are like those old moon rocket computers . ''
we see no wings or control surfaces , or anything that looks like jet or rocket propulsion structures .
the rider in the fore carried a rifle , and took both hands from the reins so that he might aim into the victims that lay in the sand , and the killer in the rear bore a heavy rocket pregnant with the same kind of grenade that had laid waste to the primitives earlier .
brads fist flew like a rocket exploding , shattering face and teeth and crumpling the uglys body like a soggy accordion .
i read an article in my science magazine a while ago , apparently nasa is developing a rocket that is using a similar principle , they crush a fuel pellet with a shrinking metal collar , it creates a small fusion explosion . ''
what a rocket !
he knew that was better than rocket fuel for him .
they took off like a rocket ; and flew the whole mile and a football field up to the fresha terminal .
the gun could tear through a body like a rocket ( sure as shit taking your organs with it ) .
and pete disappeared into the woods where a crotch rocket was waiting for him .
done deactivating coolant systems ... abreon stepping upon them , the beast taking severe hits upon its shell from some type of rocket .
it did nt take a rocket scientist to grasp what the good doctor was getting at .
before i could tell her to chill out i heard the unholy hiss of a rocket sizzle just above us and the barn about twenty feet in front of us exploded .
i mean , there were a lot of variables when it came to a manned suit flying such as jetpack , rocket boots , wings , jetpack with wings and such .
i guess i was hoping for rocket boots to be honest .
boss , if i m reading this right , she just lit off a fusion rocket at six gees , jenna said quietly , and david winced .
but two days later a mighty exultation arose within me , when from far to the east and also to the south there came the rolling and continuous thunder of rocket fire .
here and there molten swamps mixed sand with rocket fuel .
as the first specks of spray peppered the elemental , the cascade roared with the power of a rocket launch .
one way to travel these apparently long distances in space is to build an enormously powerful rocket , to escape from your home world , and then float around in the gel barrier until you bump into another planet on the same wavelength .
` ` one of our gunships was flying in towards the headquarters ; the lizards hit the cockpit with a rocket , '' he answered grimly .
i keep telling them i needed a real rocket pack on this doll , but they say it d cost too much .
i could nt see him and he had a rocket launcher .
hey , dad come and watch him take off in his rocket pack .
i remember taking off with my rocket pack strapped to my back .
a terrorist with rocket shoes was plotting to kill the ambassador from japan who was visiting seattle .
the bullet hit powerhouses rocket pack as he pushed the ambassador out of the way .
the rocket pack failed .
he stood there in gray body armor , a space motorcycle helmet with bulletproof visor , and a rocket pack on his back .
derrick knocked on the rocket pack .
i could adapt a rocket pack that would emit less heat and also be half the size .
powerhouse spread his hands.okay guys , we can change the rocket pack .
the rocket pack creates heat and then there s the air .
my uncle would ve wanted you to save downtown from the nut with the rocket .
using solid rocket fuel retros , they began to descend into the atmosphere .
entry 1 - 042 : february 4 , 2013 building a rocket that still works after 1000 years building a rocket to mars is one thing .
entry 1 - 042 : february 4 , 2013 building a rocket that still works after 1000 years building a rocket to mars is one thing .
building a rocket that is still functional after a thousand years is quite another .
they fired the ssto booster as a super - retro rocket and were able to slow their velocity down sufficiently that they merely crash - landed .
this is nt rocket science .
i m hell on rockets when i m one on one , but the whole public speaking thing gives me the shakes .
not exactly rocket science .
i rode a rocket into orbit around the earth to investigate a large satellite that was being constructed .
one rocket through the outer dome and the entire city under it would be contaminated .
peter knew this was a lie as the thickness of the dome was enough to repel rocket attacks , so a small caliber firearm would pose no risk to it .
the occasional rocket fired from a shoulder mounted launcher .
the loud explosion of a rocket motor kicking in followed by the blast as it hit one of those things threw him and alice to the ground .
peter saw the man who had fired the rocket get hit by one of the invaders .
each rocket was capable of transporting 253 people to mars in less than 6 months .
the propulsion system was made up of eight tube - like rocket engines that were divided into two rows of four .
he then promptly charged all eight rocket tubes , which simultaneously ignited the eight fusion based fuel cells , behind the spinning gate chamber , sending the ship thrusting forward .
kamael then watched drellics shuttle rocket away towards salvation ; still in orbit around the planet .
the thing could blast them with a mortar or a rocket any minute and it was sure to be calling up wholesale reinforcements .
a rocket from one of the copperchoppers got the tank while the barrel was still elevating to meet the onslaught .
she was running for the cab before the concussion of the exploding rocket stopped ringing the metal of the truck and the trailer .
already she could see the markings on the rocket : a rough stencil saying us government surplus ' .
if she did , a rocket would come and turn her into a pillar of salt , she thought .
a rocket hit the flyer and exploded it .
the bang this rocket made set all the other three off and pieces from the leading jet hit those following close by , exploding their armed rockets .
the bang this rocket made set all the other three off and pieces from the leading jet hit those following close by , exploding their armed rockets .
now they want to take over our rocket launching facilities or they say they will trigger a nuclear war .
klaus is thinking about a rocket somewhere in the desert ofwait a minutesomewhere in southern new mexico , must be the white sands facility , a rocket on a launching pada rocket that is headed for an orbiting platform in thewait a seca space station that is already launched and orbiting the earth !
klaus is thinking about a rocket somewhere in the desert ofwait a minutesomewhere in southern new mexico , must be the white sands facility , a rocket on a launching pada rocket that is headed for an orbiting platform in thewait a seca space station that is already launched and orbiting the earth !
klaus is thinking about a rocket somewhere in the desert ofwait a minutesomewhere in southern new mexico , must be the white sands facility , a rocket on a launching pada rocket that is headed for an orbiting platform in thewait a seca space station that is already launched and orbiting the earth !
we do nt know what that truck was carrying , but i suspect it was some kind of rocket fuel .
their space station is nearly complete and they are preparing for a manned rocket launch in the very near future .
first , within the next twenty - four hours , mr . wolfgang maximus will board a rocket ship with ninety - nine members of his organization and be transported to the black swan space station , which is in full operation and is now orbiting the earth .
in another twenty - four hours the second group of one hundred eternal flame members will board a second rocket and land on the space station .
once the second rocket ship has departed , the armageddon prophecy must be fulfilled .
we were greeted by a gate that was almost a clich in western folklore , two tall wooden poles with a crossbar at the top , a sign hanging from the crossbar that announced black swan galactic ranch with the abstract black swan logo and a sleek rocket ship blending into the background .
to the waiting rocket and its launching pad .
we had a clear view of the launch pad and the lettering on the rocket being readied for blast - off : black swan galactic iii .
men in white uniforms ran around frantically , checking the launch site for defects and preparing the rocket for liftoff .
after the rocket boosters have fallen away , the galactic will reach orbit in about five minutes , said nebula jones , ignoring my snotty tone .
the rocket boosters are falling away now , said nebula jones softly .
* * * we covered the five hundred miles from the black swan rocket launch site to sedona in just under two hours .
why did the rocket explode ?
if someone told me i had to fly in a rocket made from a spot - a - pot , i would have done it .
but it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure it out .
before any shots could be fired , a rocket exploded immediately outside the window , shattering the glass and throwing everyone to the ground .
zurra curled up into a ball between the huvr and concrete barrier of the top deck as the remotely - controlled rocket crested the lip of the bridge and slammed into the front of one of the parked shiprs .
the new gunships gained altitude and each fired another rocket .
my right fist launches forward as if an isolated rocket ship , shooting toward destiny .
` ` can any of you rocket scientists explain why we 're all here in the middle of this here cold december night , and what the deuce happened to the front office ?
at the rear of the bus were what looked like large rocket engine outlets !
a plume of light trailed along underneath it , suggesting some sort of rocket or jet engine propulsion .
some of you rocket scientists do n't know much oh - nothing 'bout important things do yeah ? ''
though it lacked conventional lift , control , and stabilizing wing surfaces , the bus relied on powerful gyroscopes and computer controlled raw rocket power .
brock put a meter long rocket in my hands and pointed to a box of them behind him .
i had barely seen the streak of the rocket that must have come from brock .
brock launched another rocket that blew up one spider robot , which in turn blew up the one next to it .
in front of me again brock was firing another rocket .
only seconds later , from the belly of the device , a pen - sized rocket blasted towards a target in the distance , ripping the silence with an explosion lighting the landscape for miles .
it was a supreme rocket ride and the energy from that friggin wave off the oceanic charts , brah !
tumbling randomly , her maneuvering thrusters and blasting rocket motors were quite unable to restore her former grace and poise .
they will likewise use rocket engines , which will be loudand they are that !
the chancellors ship lands on the meeran landing pad with barely a rocket blast .
the air raid sirens go off signaling yet another rocket attack from over the border .
sensing an attack has begun the adlit launch a full and furious rocket barrage into the cities on the other side .
each spot closer the shooting was more fierce and the flying debris was thicker , a rocket hit the wall behind her head and she let out a scream .
i have to admit after seeing the rocket hit your ship , i thought all of you were dead .
special guest stars : susan norton ( queen nor ) - ' salem 's lot kurt barlow ( bar - lo ) -'salem 's lot zalto ( lost in space , season two , ` ` rocket to earth ) mr . straker - salem 's lot from the adama journals : more than a thousand yahrens ago , the war with the cylons began suddenly -- -wihtout warning , without even a formal declaration that war was to be .
starbuck tested his portside stabilizing rocket .
this one is about as powerful as a cold fusion reactor or a rocket .
the structure lifted itself off of the ground and into the night sky like a rocket ship , but hovering on an empty sheet of clear air particles .
the lights began to decelerate and appear as a red vehicle hovering in midair with its front joints expanded and scorpion - like tail soaring high made of silver and lit up like an ornamental rocket , , but resembling a scorpion .
he watched the saucer rocket through the chamber and then land , blasting the area with blinding light and static electricity .
men prevent them from obtaining all the intricate mental skills and drive necessary to invent , say , the airplane , or a rocket to fly to the moon , or a space station .
` ` these pieces of junk are abandoned rocket stages , dead satellites and all kinds of miscellaneous scrap , including scrap left over from destructive ' tests ' of anti - satellite weapons and chance collisions .
only recently , we fired a rocket into space to destroy an old weather satellite .
the anti - air defense system on the haavs activated , and harlin watched the flashes of the rocket pods followed by a trail of smoke across the sky .
the explosions of rocket versus fireball lit up , but also sent fiery rain toward the valley floor .
the electric motors in the wheels were wining like the stingrays scram jets , as if the ridge top was lift off of some ancient rocket take off .
the large pines provided some cover and several rocket streams ended in tree trunks .
some rockets made it to the ground , raining wood and dirt debris down on them .
the smoke trail ended in a fire ball as the rocket did its job and destroyed the asof raptor .
sir , the scientist detected oxygen , hydrogen , and water vapor venting from the rear section just forward of where the rocket exhaust nozzles are .
have one of the ion rocket crew report to the bridge and brief the pilots and navigation .
they had sixteen weeks to change their orbit before delta - v would approach ion rocket thrust limits .
the engineering chief reported the ion rocket operational within specifications .
i ' m firing main rocket in two minutes .
i fired the main rocket for a seven minute burn and watched the moon slowly recede .
as i entered it i fired the main rocket .
as we approached the rocket it looked a mess .
when we tethered it to the station the chief informed us that there was another inbound rocket and we could watch the tug retrieve it .
after a two hour burn i shut down the rocket and had joshua go back and check the module 4 and all the fuel connections from the external tanks .
the next day i could make out a small banged up rocket on an intercept course .
then i fired up the main rocket at 110 % and told joshua to jettison the two fuel tanks .
as they separated i rotated my ship using the thrusters and the main rocket still at 110 % thrust .
the most glaring example is the fact , that in the engineering section only one member has any experience with rocket engines , and he is n't even the senior engineer .
entry 239 date : friday , 7/30/2021 0130 hours we fired the main rocket to change orbit in preparation for the trajectory to the moon .
after one partial orbit the main rocket burn started .
after the fighter sliced the rocket engines off and they refused to cut power she had her ship launch 2 missiles and the renegade fleet ship was turned into a radioactive fireball .
it did n't take long to patch , but we spent ten hours inspecting everything before we fired up the electronics and main rocket .
i gave the ship 1 minute at 1/2 power from the main rocket .
i know we ' ve set a record for largest or heaviest load moved by rocket power .
it still seems that we weight a ton back there by the main rocket , but the benefits are good .
he also informed us that a resupply rocket headed for the belt would launch in nine days and we should be on it because there was some pressure from earth to send us down for debriefing and physicals .
all repairs completed except for replacing the main rocket nozzle .
the horde of living death and amorphous monstrosities was suddenly showered with caseless rockets and blasted by plasma cannons !
adam cheered as caseless rockets rained into the forest and blasted the monsters converging on him and his three soldiers .
tendrils shot out from tendrils and blasted the incoming missiles , eroding the volley until only one rocket remained .
when the biomech aimed its remaining missile and launched a stinger , an automatic countermeasure in the hellcat sent up a series of flares that led the heat - seeking rocket into a single story house where it blew the foundation to pieces .
i should have considered myself fortunate that they did not fill the vault with quick - drying cement , or perhaps , with enough of a budget , they could ' ve put me in a rocket and sent me into the sun .
i ' m sure the biggest objection that any twenty - first century rocket scientist would propose is that of propulsion since the ship would have weighed thousands of megatons on earth and was designed to be accelerated almost to light speed .
one hundred and twenty - two days out we caught up with the supply rocket that had been launched early .
what they did n't anticipate was the meteor storm that holed their ship and disabled their main rocket .
earth rocket en - route to moon changed course as soon as we started moving .
lt jg merryweather cut off the near rocket nozzle .
he then moved another 80 degrees clockwise and cut off the third rocket nozzle and started cutting upward toward the ignition chambers .
the operation had been going on over 30 minutes and yet the captain of that ship still had not cut his engines even though he must have realized that his rocket engines were no longer fully operational .
he attempted to architect a roadrunner rocket and got road - rocked like the not so wily coyote . ''
you should bestride the booster rocket to be a buff - it - up ranch wrangler , mr .
machine guns and some rocket launchers .
obviously , the rocket launchers are plain illegal .
authorities did n't specify the size of the arsenal , but a source reported that there were multiple saab bofors dynamics at4 single shot 84 mm rocket launchers , a weapon designed for urban combat and used frequently by nato forces in iraq .
i would be there to knock out surveillance and verify the presence of the rocket launchers in the garage that we hoped would link back to the elder mumey and the followers .
when he discovered information about rocket launchers and other heavy weapons that were found weeks later at the circle j ranch , he got a search warrant for the followers ' downtown meeting hall where he suspected the weapons were being kept .
said the officer from the rocket forces .
all solar defense force rangers were equipped with a standard issue rocket pistol .
avatar preferred to wear the belt loose so that his standard issue rocket pistol pulled his utility belt closer to his hips than his waist ; another uniform violation .
lights flickered and then dimmed in a symphony of orange shades as rocket ships taxied to their respective docking bay .
unlike the more sleek private and military rocket ships , the transport ships were clunky looking .
grahish wasted neither time nor pleasantries as he beckoned the four men to join him on the gleaming silver rocket ship .
chapter 12 the rocket set down on the landing pad of the small asteroid with the grace of a ballerina landing after a leap .
the silver rocket rolled clumsily to its destination .
in virtually no time the red lights turned green and a bay door slid open revealing a vast underground hanger complete with fighter rockets and partially assembled fighter rockets .
in virtually no time the red lights turned green and a bay door slid open revealing a vast underground hanger complete with fighter rockets and partially assembled fighter rockets .
a clamp locked onto the their rocket and pulled it out of the pressure bay ; the massive doors closing as they were leaving giving the impression that perhaps the door may close on the rocket .
a clamp locked onto the their rocket and pulled it out of the pressure bay ; the massive doors closing as they were leaving giving the impression that perhaps the door may close on the rocket .
vasu and the other two recruits left the rocket ship followed by aki and then the pale and weak avatar .
colt opened the door and immediately ducked to avoid being hit by a rocket pistol round .
a nearby thick wooden and brushed aluminum desk nestled between a bookshelf and a brushed aluminum file cabinet made for a sturdy defense against the rocket blitz .
with lightning speed the robots tubular arms and menacing claw grabbed lilith around her waist before she could reach her staff or rocket pistol .
wasting no time she reached for her pistol and fired two rocket rounds at the robots arm joint .
he wore a utility belt with an empty holster for his rocket pistol .
you do nt belong here , shouted bennett as he stepped out from the main entrance and without hesitation he fired a round from his rocket pistol at colt .
the rocket missed colt but only by the smallest of margins imbedding in the dome behind him .
the rocket sizzled and the heat emanating from the round created a black patch of scorched dome .
the rocket bounced off the corner of the building and again imbedded in the dome .
colt emptied the entire cylinder of his revolver on one of the rocket rounds imbedded in the dome .
that was his last thought before grahish put a rocket round through his head ; the illusion maintained right to the end .
the rocket left the pistol before he was able to snatch it away .
the hiss of two rocket rounds rang through the tunnel both lighting near aki .
a flash of a muzzle lit up a chamber approximately sixty meters ahead of aki and briefly illuminated a sleek silver rocket ship .
the rocket round barely missed akis right thigh .
another , flash from a muzzle and this time a rocket burned the wall near his red hair .
new - earth miniseries class a rocket : non - explosive rocket .
new - earth miniseries class a rocket : non - explosive rocket .
new - earth miniseries class b rocket : non - explosive rocket .
new - earth miniseries class b rocket : non - explosive rocket .
new - earth miniseries class c rocket : a non - atomic warhead , but packed with liquefied explosive gel .
new - earth miniseries class d rocket .
new - earth miniseries class j rocket : j is the juggernaut miniseries , containing atomics of various subclasses .
new - earth miniseries johnson , abraham : colonel of usaf , nasa , of the manned space probe to mars , survivor of the battle of sequetus 3 , and deputy in charge of establishment of the rocket launch base in australia .
the region surrounding the lake extends into south australia , where aci has set up its commercial rocket launch base .
it did nt take a rocket scientist to see what was going on .
and the means to get it out of the earths atmosphere without the need for millions of gallons of rocket fuel .
finally , he touched the button with his thumb and the bike lurched forward as though it had a rocket pack mounted on the rear .
the closer we get to the building the more it appears less a building and more of a space rocket , and it is many times bigger than i remember .
she s fine , john said , before the man launched into some explanation about rocket fuel .
however , i could use them like rocket boots and fly parallel to the ground , giving master miller a smaller target and getting me to him much faster .
so your shockhaven energy would be converted into flame and focused for basic rocket propulsion .
i bumped into a female student jettisoning from the exit like she had rocket fuel in her shoes .
they did have one surprise for me : an anti - aircraft rocket , the kind that comes in a disposable shoulder - mounted tube .
the rocket screamed past me , blasting my face with hot exhaust .
once i spent my entire afternoon sifting back and forth through the pieces in search of a missing rocket thruster i wanted to add to my police car .
when i saw the tip of a rocket , i knew we were close , so close i could taste the safety .
he says , okay guys , make your way to your rocket , and when we give the order launch .
the five of us make our way to our rocket .
when we finally reach the rocket , i see printed above the door salus awaits which is latin for safety .
after a minute or so , the rocket goes from a horizontal position , to a vertical one .
54321 i hear the sound of the rocket blast before anything else .
the five of us were the only ones in this exclusive rocket .
as i stood by the rocket ready to leave elisa came up to me .
even though today might not be the best day ever , i find it amazing that just some fifty years ago we had nothing but a rocket , four people , some cloning mashies , and our wits .
~~~~ back to top chapter 13 a rocket cut through the damp air , twirling into the upper atmosphere .
nadia and wren , half a mile ahead of lansing , ignored the rocket and the steady bass of its engines .
she covered the draw that held his rocket launcher with a free hand .
get a group of spaceship pilots in a bar and lube them up with a little rocket fuel , then let the stories roll .
` ` i sold another rocket 's worth of fuel for the same amount the inspector paid for the other two . ''
across the expanse of grasses and water stretching to the distant shoreline , the rumbling of rocket engines is causing the wild birds to take to the air in droves .
i have a clear view of the amber glow from the saturn v rocket .
her chin is propped on her arms and her blue eyes are on the rocket streaming its way skyward .
mym leans back onto her hands and watches the twisting trail of rocket smoke dissipate in the wind .
clambering over the bricks and dust , we ran out into the sunlight as the tank went up in flames , it 's sides torn open like tin by tekoa 's rocket launcher .
i got back up to the hatch and added my fire to his , taking down three arc troopers pulling up a rocket launcher .
the whole place was bathed in light and dust as a rocket exploded on its surface .
i want mpmg 's every fifty metres , two rocket launchers per ten and grenades in bags at each rampart .
as i looked up a craft the shape of a paper aeroplane and the colour of night itself scorched the sky , it 's flanks ablaze from a well placed rocket .
on the top of one of the university buildings the gigantic shape of wulfgar stood as he launched rocket after rocket into the skies , seemingly tiny troopers reloading the launcher behind him .
on the top of one of the university buildings the gigantic shape of wulfgar stood as he launched rocket after rocket into the skies , seemingly tiny troopers reloading the launcher behind him .
the rocket went wide and the craft banked left , twisting away from us .
but the rocket was quick and began to turn leaving a white haze in its wake .
` ` if it leaves , we 're finished , '' i said , sliding another rocket into the tube .
the craft was almost over the horizon when the rocket finally fled the launcher and it chased it with furious resolve .
i turned to my right and wulfgar , his naked torso covered in garish tattoos , raised the rocket launcher tekoa and me had struggled with onto his shoulder .
from his commanding rampart , wulfgar sent rocket after rocket into the spaced out line of tanks , most of his shots making good hits .
from his commanding rampart , wulfgar sent rocket after rocket into the spaced out line of tanks , most of his shots making good hits .
as they turned to make another sweep , two guided rockets caught up with them and felled one in a brilliant show of blue light and heat , the wreckage falling down into the forest and setting the dry vegetation alight .
the rocket hissed loudly as it left the weapon .
one by one , large crates of artillery and rocket power filled the room .
boxes labeled as being filled with grenades , rocket launchers , napalm , and other assorted explosives soon showed up amidst the countless rifles and shotguns that now littered the floor in ever expanding piles .
space travel is heavily regulated and if i did manage to hijack a rocket i d be shot out of the air before i left the atmosphere .
unless i can hijack a rocket .
he has gotten too close for them to use anything like a rocket against him , it would cause too much collateral damage .
a rocket kept lifting off at the lower right quadrant of the screen , distracting her like a fly buzzing around her ear .
denise never failed to smile when he mimed launching a rocket at a passing airbus .
essentially this vehicle runs on a series of tiny boiler explosions - each one propelling the wheels forward a tiny amount - there are thousands of such explosions every second - as though a tiny rocket explodes forwards and pushes the driveshaft forward every subsequent moment .
yet , robb was rocket science , fly - you - to - the - moon smart .
idling trucks were being loaded ( and unloaded ) with all sorts of good stuff : ak-47s , rocket launchers , widescreen televisions , and boomboxes .
the rocket fire and explosions deafened trexor , but it pushed the crusher back slowly .
unlike modern vessels , adjeti preferred primarily to simply attach a rocket to a massive weight and fire it through an enemy ship ; space warfare did n't need explosions , but keinam still imagined the crashes and mini explosions .
based on recent radio intercepts and what we have seen in the field , they have a few dozen gdls tanks and a half - dozen lockheed mobile rocket launchers .
the glacier had been blasted into shards , and the surrounding area was pot marked with dozens of craters from where rockets had exploded .
how could you have known that the augs had rocket launchers , or that they would have even targeted the settlement ?
so far they have not moved any of their mobile rocket launchers up this way , but i m afraid its only a matter of time before that happens , captain walker emphasized .
i could nt get any closer than two clicks of the missouri river , but from there i counted three dozen tanks and several mobile rocket launchers guarding the perimeter of the production facility on the north side .
a few moments later , a rocket battery hidden on the hillside erupted into flames followed by an all clear over the radio .
the remaining rebel tanks advanced so they could target the rocket batteries located behind the enemys lines , but in doing so , they lost their uphill advantage and the augs opened fire on them .
after fifteen minutes of intense fighting , there were only a few tanks left , along with a couple of mobile rocket launchers on a hill close to malmstrom .
as they looked on , the launchers fired and the glow of rocket traces could be seen climbing high into the night sky .
richard shouted again as the telltale rocket plumes lit up from the hill across the river from them .
as they fired at the remaining rocket launchers near the augs base , both tanks suddenly erupted into a shower of sparks and flames after being struck by shoulder - fired rockets .
as they fired at the remaining rocket launchers near the augs base , both tanks suddenly erupted into a shower of sparks and flames after being struck by shoulder - fired rockets .
then he looked across at the hill where the rocket launchers were smoldering , praying that they would not be able to strike them .
i think the troopers knocked out or damaged their last few mobile rocket launchers , richard replied .
after a brief fight , we took control of their mobile rocket launchers , and brought them with us .
it appeared that some of the augs were putting out fires resulting from the rocket strikes within the city while others were moving large concrete barricades onto the bridges to block off access to the city .
it was discolored where a rocket had struck it , but it was undamaged despite taking a direct hit .
are all of the rockets on the mobile rocket launchers you commandeered the same type ?
are all of the rockets on the mobile rocket launchers you commandeered the same type ?
a few more tanks , a few more rockets , and this whole damn thing would be over with , richard asserted .
since the troopers took out their mobile rocket launchers before the attack ended , then they probably still have some unused rockets nearby .
since the troopers took out their mobile rocket launchers before the attack ended , then they probably still have some unused rockets nearby .
in the back of his mind however , he suspected they might just be waiting for more mobile rocket launchers to be brought in , so they could attack with impunity .
just beyond that , there are two damaged mobile rocket launchers located on the hill just past a small cluster of trees .
once they got past them , they made their way towards the hill where the rocket launchers were positioned .
under the artificial lights they could see two long wooden crates marked xm31 sitting between two rocket launchers .
as he started to sling his pulse rifle forward , richard tackled the aug . as they were rolling around on the ground , josephine raised the end of the rocket up and then swung it as hard as she could .
josephine , who was just behind him , dropped her rocket and continued up the ravine as fast as she could .
he s over by the mobile rocket launchers looking for tools or something to get the crates open that he brought back , sean replied .
oh my god , its a short - range tactical nuclear weapon , richard said as he looked down at the long slender rocket surrounded by a thick metal protective casing .
its a self - propelled rocket that can be fired from a mobile launcher .
take however many men you think you ll need , and destroy the rocket launcher they have across from rainbow dam !
a split second later , four rockets exploded behind them , narrowly missing their rocket launchers .
a split second later , four rockets exploded behind them , narrowly missing their rocket launchers .
fall back and protect our rocket launchers !
then with his bloodied hands he loaded the warhead into the first launch tube , connected the interface cable to the rocket .
a stray rifle blasts hit the side of the rocket launcher and the control panel suddenly went blank .
richard reached for the rocket launcher , as he tried to block out the unbearable pain .
it also did n't take a rocket scientist to quickly figure out that the living were just as dangerous .
a proverbial rocket scientist , a surgeon , and a pilot were all additions that could better the lives of everyone with their skills , so the people received them as good fortune .
a rocket , said dastou , hiding most of his outright surprise .
residue of whatever explosive was in the rocket was smeared over a lot of the not - quite - glass , but there was enough clean space near his feet for the saint to look out from and see the results of the brazen daytime attack .
one of them was putting down a single - use rocket launcher , having already unleashed its payload , next to a big duffle bag at his feet .
he was probably hoping to see the extent of the damage in order to call the shot for the next rocket or the lack of need for it .
the one who fired the first rocket put his used and recyclable launcher in the duffle bag , then picked it up .
the rocket was aimed at a pipe running up the side of an apartment building , the closest edifice to the stone - state embassy on the saints left .
when the rocket hit a section of the fuel pipe near the fourth floor , a pipe that ran from under the building all the way to the roof , it created a cascade of violence that was too fast , too intense for even dastous unique mind to completely follow .
nes began his prep by putting his decorative arm - length sword away on a pair of horizontal hooks ; it would nt be too useful against people who were using rocket launchers .
as for the group heading out , trenna and nes left the embassy with the saint , the corporal carrying the same weapons and gear he grabbed as a precaution directly after the rocket blasts assault rifle , marble ordinance , throat mic , and mini med kit .
during that time , he recalled seeing a few important clues in the hallucination : the assault rifles the camp folk were carrying , the rocket launcher that attacked the embassy , plans , a hand - drawn map , a calendar , and an escape route .
asked saan - hu , remembering the chain of events before the rocket struck the office window .
the note read : twenty five minutes ago a secret cia bulletin was issued on detection of a rocket launch from earth ; evidence so far , strongly points to it being a mission to the moon launched from a location in the asian region .
whoever wrote these papers 'd have to have been a genius , quite literally a virtual rocket scientist .
i do nt mean to be rude , but stanley does nt strike me as the rocket scientist type . ''
i have two deep throat mark 7 high explosive rocket pods .
there was a hissing sound as a rocket streaked away from the castle .
again the wizard loaded a second rocket .
the rocket exploded in the forest close to the robot .
jake and alaric watched as the rocket hissed towards the castle .
due to the rocket blast , there was a nasty oil leak in the transmission !
chapter 13 secret weapon fido was busy inside the train preparing a special rocket .
at this point , you might assume that fido would appear and shoot the wizard with either a rocket or a machine gun .
the robot had a mark six devastator rocket loaded into a launcher protruding from his chest .
with a blast of smoke and flame the rocket ignited .
in fact , we should set up rocket launchers .
other soldiers set up rocket launchers as ordered .
dopple robot odif emptied his machine gun and then loosed a predator rocket , blowing off the roof of the station .
the rocket detonated with a massive explosion , knocking a large hole in his golden chest .
the rocket zoomed straight up to 10,000 ft and then dived back down to a point a few metres in front of the dopple rail vehicle .
she will certainly have to give the staff a rocket in order to get this place trickery loo .
` ` rocket propelled grenade .
there was a sudden roar as a rocket blasted towards the plane .
the rocket hit the floodlight mounted under the plane .
the rocket head detonated .
britain has again experienced almost continuous nazi rocket attacks on all major population areas.raf jets managed to blow up one rocket before it impacted but the aircraft was destroyed in the blast .
britain has again experienced almost continuous nazi rocket attacks on all major population areas.raf jets managed to blow up one rocket before it impacted but the aircraft was destroyed in the blast .
the troops are under continuous rocket attack and are enduring heavy casualties !
it is believed that the axis supercomputer big byte has postponed his planned mass rocket attack on the usa he must meet this new threat to the fatherland !
that sub was equipped with an experimental rocket battery known as the wurzelburger ! ''
` ` even if the submarine is out of torpedoes the rocket battery will still blow up your boat . ''
fido loaded a rocket into the blaster tube .
` ` launch imminent ... ... ten , nine , eight .. '' at the count of zero the rocket produced a gout of flame and shot out of the tube .
robot fido will now use special rocket armament to clear the horrid minefield .
this new rocket is known as a mirv .
each warhead will seek out a mine and explode in close proximity the rocket launcher tube has now cooled and fido is ready to dispatch his second missile . ''
fido loaded a second rocket into the launch tube and went through the same launch procedure .
on the count of zero the second rocket flew from the tube and streaked upwards .
fido passed the rocket launcher tube through the miniaturizer and packed the resulting tiny tube inside his metal body .
along with several volunteers and a handful of power rods , they would fire the ssto rocket and return to orbit , eventually rendezvousing with the cargo compartment .
in one dream , she had been flying , not in a plane or rocket but she was in the air soaring over mountains and rivers ...
he had flown faster than a rocket , across the gulf of mexico through a hurricane to find those who were responsible for destroying his world and turning billions of people into zombies .
twin gun turrets with rocket launcher rose out of the roof of the suv behind her .
a green flash lit the sky above them and a beam of light struck the rocket , making it turn and then continued down into the suv following them .
the shockwave from the second rocket exploding above them rocked the suv julia was in .
they shot heatseeking rockets and martha flew into the mountainside weaving through trees until the rockets exploded behind her .
they shot heatseeking rockets and martha flew into the mountainside weaving through trees until the rockets exploded behind her .
julia closed her eyes ready for the electric shock that was sure to paralyze her when a rocket exploded just below martha .
for her , time was moving at rocket speed .
the plane looked untouched , and almost as though it was some sort of rocket ship waiting to be launched skyward .
a rocket launcher on one man 's shoulder , and he had known the truth .
his eyes swiveled back and he saw the rocket leap from the launcher .
he could see the water from the rocket engine nozzles still shooting off into the darkness .
inside the skeleton container , three rocket motor tubes began to appear , then the tail of a drone , then its body , and finally its slightly pointed nose .
we know that at sub - light speeds , the mass of a rocket begins to grow perceptibly .
somebody else had a bassoonka or some sort of rocket launcher because another explosion buffeted our truck .
worse , norin 's hand was within his suit jacket and it did n't take a rocket scientist to work out what he hid there .
rather than produce a fiery explosion , the rocket 's impact sent billows of dark green gas spewing from the warhead .
i shoved a pistol with a stubby barrel and a ghost - ring sight into my belt and watched as smith silently gawked over what looked like a miniature rocket launcher .
it resembled a rocket that had been given wings .
one that proceeded to bounce around the cockpit like a pinball attached to a rocket .
in her mind 's eye streaks of red trailed behind it , like the blazing trail of a rocket .
carl , however , loved science fiction , and as a child he had read nothing but stories of rocket ships and robots .
at least they say that he left greenland not so many years ago to study airplanes and rocket ships and now they think he is building one or another of them up near those weather stations in peary land on the north coast , where it is so dry that there is no ice or snow .
from the entrance to the cave , feena and gailus watch the fleet of rocket digi - planes take off and return to brazilia , the invaders home base in south america .
the two young people flee to their cave and disappear inside it as the dark shadow materializes into a sleek , black - winged rocket that lands on the coral sand where they were standing .
the captain is seated at the controls of the rocket .
the swift black shape of the captains rocket whips tail - first out of the sky and glides downward to land exactly where it took off .
she walks casually up a boarding ramp to get into the rocket .
gailus remains on the beach as he watches the black rocket bearing his sister knife back through the sky toward the east .
i will take that now , says the captain as he and feena leave the rocket plane .
within seconds their rocket plane lands on its sandy shore .
it is the maton pilot of the rocket digi - plane that brought feena to brazilia .
so , after they had visited their grandparents and extended families for four weeks , which had been the main purpose of their trip to earth , most of them could nt wait to hop on the next rocket and head back home to luco .
a rocket launcher will be perfect .
` ` i ' ve examined the rocket engine , wiring , controls , every life - protect system , everything , completely . ''
under the circumstances they 'll undoubtedly be willing -- and able -- to fire off a communications rocket in our direction .
laughing , he tried to catch her , but she ran like a rocket .
with sarvaduhka , she had found a way up from the base of the rest stop cafe rocket ship desert concession .
there was no sound , of course , since sound would not travel through a vacuum , but the ground under their feet vibrated softly in response to the hammer blows of a rocket exhaust lifting a ship off a planet .
it was a spaceship and its rocket blast in miniature .
and you can see the rocket tubes . ''
it would be bad to burn any of them with the rocket blast at this stage of the game . ''
it looked like a shooting star at first , but then the track of light broadened into two things that looked like rocket exhausts and the thing came down sweet , steady and without a sound .
` ` it 's something you turn on and see comedians , movies , cowboys , rocket rangers , anything you want . ''
a highly visible person , rising like a rocket in her profession .
` ` it would clearly be too risky for them ; like using nitroglycerine in ton - lots in rocket engines - only worse . ''
even if we are moving at the apparent speed of a rocket ship , to the nerve impulse we seem virtually motionless . ''
the jets of gas served as natural rocket thrusters , accelerating the comet in unexpected directions , throwing it off its carefully calculated course .
in essence , a d - thruster was a nuclear bomb set off inside a powerful force field formed in the shape of a huge rocket nozzle .
rex produced a bottle rocket .
but when rex stuck the rocket 's stick into the gravel , she got herself together .
she could see the rocket frozen at the edge of the rip above them , waiting for the eclipse to end before resuming its flight .
like the arrested bottle rocket , the dirt and gravel churned up by the huge pink car still hung overhead , suspended in frozen time .
the fact that jonathan 's trunk contained about half of the collection of firecrackers , smoke bombs , roman candles , sparklers , and rockets of every description certainly did n't fill him with relaxing thoughts .
they had the fireworks already in place , rockets stuck into the gravel , flares and sparklers divided into separate boxes , all of it covered with a tarp from jonathan 's trunk .
a rocket shot into space beside her , climbing until the upward edge of the rip silenced it .
she smelled its singed cotton , felt the muffled hiss of a bottle rocket trapped under her , its detonation like a quick jab to her ribs .
a moment later the scattered fireworks began to explode , balls of fire spitting out in all directions , the shriek of long strings of firecrackers expelling clouds of smoke , rockets bouncing among the branches .
one of the winged darklings caught a bottle rocket and began to flail its wings , then crashed into the beast beside it , the two creatures wrapping around each other in a frantic , blazing embrace .
but then rex heard a huffing sound - the rocket in its gut exploding - and tasted the beast 's panic in his mind .
suddenly a hissing squadron of rockets rose up to meet them , bursting into showers of white light .
as the four of them made their silent way toward the rip , he stared down the railroad tracks , which still bore the scars of halloween - a few cross - ties were blackened from burning oil and rocket exhaust , and the soggy relics of firecracker - red paper clung to bits of gravel everywhere .
it looks more like a rocket ship than a can ; it has that look of outer space and velocities nearing the speed of light .
companies manufacturing satellites contracted eighteen to twenty - four months in advance for a launch rocket to put the satellite in orbit - and then hoped that the satellite , with its half - million working parts , would be ready on the assigned day .
in the distance , they heard another rocket explosion .
i wanted to be an astronaut when i was younger , walk on the moon , fly around in a rocket , zap aliens with a laser gun , teleport across galaxies .
the rocket we saw touch down rises with a roar that shakes the tombs around me .
i think the structures are going to shatter , but as the rocket parts the clouds and powers away from the planet , they settle down again .
he kicked on full flaps , fired the rocket idiot - brakes in the nose and fought to hold control as the ship bucked down into dangerous low speed .
while you were in seattle i got a call from him ; he 's aboard an aeroflot rocket that 'll touch down at the public field , here , in about an hour .
you 're out at night humbling across the open space , and all of a sudden you see a flare , and there 's a rocket , cracked open , with old pre - colonial fiction magazines spilling out everywhere .
the screen lighted , and sure enough , there was the rocket and its tower , the personnel , trucks , gear ; it was decidedly still on the ground , and probably walter dangerfield and mrs . dangerfield had not even boarded it yet .
it should be a few people leaving new york , a few leaving california , she thought as she watched on the tv screen the technicians giving the rocket last - minute inspections .
they all watched , then , each with his own private thoughts and reactions as on the tv screen the last inspection team was lifted by an overhead boom from the nose cone of the rocket .
the countdown would soon begin ; the rocket was fueled .
sometime later today , sometime in the afternoon , their waiting would be rewarded , because dutchman iv would take off ; it would orbit the earth for an hour or so , and the people would stand at the tv screen watching that , seeing the rocket go around and around , and then finally the decision would be made and someone below in the blockhouse would fire off the final stage and the orbiting rocket would change trajectory and leave the world .
sometime later today , sometime in the afternoon , their waiting would be rewarded , because dutchman iv would take off ; it would orbit the earth for an hour or so , and the people would stand at the tv screen watching that , seeing the rocket go around and around , and then finally the decision would be made and someone below in the blockhouse would fire off the final stage and the orbiting rocket would change trajectory and leave the world .
i ' m going back to the shop and watch the rocket again , he decided .
he added , ` ` i just want to get back and see if they fired off the rocket yet .
and the rocket had been fired off ; it had just left the ground , and it was not known yet if the stages had performed properly .
` ` did they fire the rocket off ? ''
when he got downstairs and back to the tv set and the people standing around ft he heard the announcer say excitedly that the first three stages of the rocket appeared to have fired successfully .
he was watching , far off in the gray sky , the moving shape of some plane or rocket ship , a cylinder .
what i ' m going to see is a big rocket a farmer just found ; i need relays and tubes and other electronic gear for mr . hardy 's traps . ''
what about the parts from the rocket ? ''
and out there the parked rolls flyship in all its costly splendor , its tail rocket idling throbbingly .
it looked almost like a rocket launcher , he thought , as he turned the ignition key and started the jeep .
it was made of heavy gray tubular metal and looked to gennaro like a bazooka or a rocket launcher .
` ` some a**hole launched a rocket full of fledon into your office . ''
darling snarled as a rocket came at them from somewhere inside the prison .
look at the stuff being advertised ... from old roman coins to fur coats to camping equipment to diamonds to rocket ships to crabgrass poison .
upright on the field stood the rocket which had come in last night ; steiner 's technician -- he himself had no manual ability of any sort -- was busy preparing it for its return flight to manila .
the rocket was small , only twenty feet high , but it was swiss - made and quite stable .
the technician , seeing steiner look out through the window of the shed , nodded to indicate that the rocket was ready for its return load , so steiner put down his tins of halvah temporarily .
together he and otto loaded the rocket with its cargo , sealed it , and then otto set the guidance system 's clock .
as he sat in the storage shed waiting for the next rocket to show up , he looked back on his life and reflected that even the bleekmen would n't be willing or able to live as he lived , cut off from everyone like this .
i think we should forget the gear that steiner was using ; we 'll start out fresh , get our own little bitty field in an out - of - the - way place , our own slave rockets , whatever else we need .
for instance , before they had even left the rocket terminal building , the old man in his stiff suit with his vest and gold cuff links -- it was the suit that the boy had watched to catch sight of , along the ramp from where the passengers appeared -- stopped at the flower counter and bought the boy 's mother a bunch of large blue earth flowers .
he was n't there , but a slave rocket had just landed ; in fact , that 's how we found it right off -- we followed the trail of the rocket in .
he was n't there , but a slave rocket had just landed ; in fact , that 's how we found it right off -- we followed the trail of the rocket in .
could an incoming rocket have exploded ?
the bleekmen pointed , and he saw , toward the center of the mountain range , a fleet of un slave rocket vehicles hovering in the air .
you could use them to spot the locations of enemy troops , even when they were hidden in jungle or in buildings ; you could use them to control laser - guided rocket fire , or to identify the location of friendly troops , and so on .
to believe otherwise was to believe that the wright brothers could build a rocket and fly to the moon instead of flying three hundred feet over sand dunes at kitty hawk .
i know i do n't look as good as i did before the crash , but i ' m a rocket in bed .
he sat fixedly watching the tv screen , as the high - speed intercon rocket hurtled across the south pacific sky .
moore strolled over , confident and full of talk , a sleek little model of an interplan rocket in his hands .
overhead , the midsummer sun beat down and was reflected from the gleaming silver hull of the sleek intercon rocket liner .
wakeman arranged for the c - plus rocket to be brought up to the surface from its storage locker .
at five - thirty a.m. the heavy construction rocket settled down in the center of what had once been london .
the shape is consistent with a rocket or spacecraft - it certainly looks like that - but from the beginning we were careful to refer to this object as ' the anomaly . '
just the rocket bodies .
` ` out of a mix of sites and discussion groups , our sys progs found the deep divers clustered on the following category topics : aarhus , denmark argon / oxygen drives australian military history caisson seawalls cavitation ( solid ) cellular encryption controlled demolition flood mitigation high - voltage insulators hilo , hawaii mid - ocean relay network ( morn ) missionary diaries of the pacific national earthquake information center ( neic ) national environmental resource fund ( nerf ) network data encryption potassium hydroxide prescott , arizona rain forest disease foundation ( rfdf ) seismic signatures , geological shaped explosives ( timed ) shinkai 2000 solid rocket propellant mixtures toxins and neurotoxins wire - guided projectiles ` ` an impressive , if mysterious list , '' hitomi said .
for example , when nasa launched the rocket carrying the mars rover , they announced that in two hundred and fifty three days , the rover would land on the surface of mars at 8:11 p.m. , california time .
` ` it 's a rocket array .
` ` three rocket arrays amp ; '' ` ` yes .
in his head , it was easy enough to calculate that if this microfilament was attached to the rockets , each rocket would have about a third of a kilometer of wire .
in his head , it was easy enough to calculate that if this microfilament was attached to the rockets , each rocket would have about a third of a kilometer of wire .
the rockets would fall back into the forest , and any microfilament would snap .
he seemed to recall that the military had rocket launchers where the rockets were so close together the fins almost touched .
he seemed to recall that the military had rocket launchers where the rockets were so close together the fins almost touched .
a rocket flies up amp ; dragging a thin wire amp ; and it gets to a thousand feet amp ; and amp ; and what ?
perhaps , he thought , there was some instrumentation in the nose of each rocket .
but the point is , we assume that these rocket arrays are designed to produce major storms , or to amplify the power of existing storms . ''
they had planned to hit all three rocket arrays at the same time .
if one of them were later than the other , the second rocket team would have been informed by radio , and would be waiting with guns ready .
just one rocket array taken out .
ten miles to the north , kenner saw the rocket array fire upward from the third spiderweb .
the men were stunned for a moment , and at the last moment jumped aside just as kenner scraped along the side of the cab , screeching metal , and then turned into the rocket field itself .
` ` we have to go to the rocket field . ''
there was a box of what looked like rocket shells with the letters sts stenciled on each .
he 'd never done this before , but you did n't have to be a rocket scientist , as the saying went .
and after the war , when the german rocket installation at peenernfinde was cannibalized by the soviets and americans , it was only the russians who made immediate , vigorous moves toward developing space capabilities .
0000 01 00 launch pad block 9 clears rocket and capsule systems for orbit .
you know , that place in florida where they shoot the rockets ? ''
she did not want to ride a rocket into orbit in the morning with a hangover .
` ` they ' ve tried rocket probes , primitive electromagnetic projections .
` ` that was an ep war rocket .
that does n't explain how the alleged war rocket pierced our ' perfect ' robo - slave defenses and hit smack on that tunnel . ''
you ca n't tell me a rocket launched in siberia can center on a hole in the ground in texas -- even by accident .
1 in a blues tune from the twenties billie holiday , who would one day discover the truth for herself , sang : ` ` doctor tole me daughter you got to quit it fast / because one more rocket gon na be your last . ''
henry dean 's last rocket went up just five minutes before the van pulled up in front of the leaning tower and his brother was herded inside .
he stuck it into the scarred vein above henry 's elbow , and henry 's last rocket took off .
the muzzle looked big enough to hold a moon rocket .
` ` only one manned rocket flight has ever landed on mars , ricky , and that was a french expedition somewhere about 2030 .
` ` drone rocket ships programmed to land , first on the moon , then on mars , then on venus and the outer moons of jupiter ... drones really only programmed to do one thing after they landed - ` ` ` ` set up a jaunt station for astronauts , '' ricky said .
then there was nakano - a giant with hulking shoulders and arms as thick as some human torsos , his face twisted and scarred by burns from a merman rocket misfiring .
` ` this is a rocket , is it not ? ''
` ` a merman rocket ? ''
a warning rocket painted the water over him bloody orange .
` ` we got the replacement parts and tools aboard the launch base foil marked as rocket supplies .
` ` that 's the rocket pickup station .
` ` sorry , we wo n't be able to see the rocket launch because of this weather , '' the pilot said .
scudi spoke in brett 's head : ` ` the rocket is up .
the rocket was a wondrous thing of anticipation in this thought .
` ` it showed me the launching of the rocket . ''
with its single row of tiny windows it looked to rex like one of those bunkers that rocket scientists cowered in while they tested some new missile that might explode on the launchpad .
gerhard , who wore cowboy boots and dungarees and satiny shirts with pearl buttons , had gained some national attention at the age of thirteen when he built a twenty - foot solid - fuel rocket behind his house in phoenix .
the rocket possessed a remarkably sophisticated electronic guidance system and gerhard felt he could fire it into orbit .
his neighbors , who could see the nose of the finished rocket sticking up above the garage in the backyard , were disturbed enough to call the police , and ultimately the army was notified .
the army examined gerhard 's rocket and shipped it to white sands for firing .
as it happened , the second stage ignited before disengagement and the rocket exploded two miles up ; but by that time gerhard had four patents on his guidance mechanism and a number of scholarship offers from colleges and industrial firms .
each peal stabbed into jake 's ears and then seemed to flash across his brain like a small rocket .
i 'll take the other ones any day , she had wanted to say to him , i 'll take them with their ego and their rambunctiousness , and their ignorance and their rollicking sense of humor ; i 'll take their roughness , their heated and simple love of women and fear of women , i 'll even take their talk , yes , their endless talk , and thank god that , unlike the neurosurgeons , they do n't want me to say anything back to them , they do n't even want to know who i am or what i am , might as well say rocket scientist , master spy , magician , as say neurosurgeon .
` ` if linda fox will not decide for the s.l . , '' galina said , ` ` why do n't you draw her aside and tell her that one day on her way to a concert engagement her private rocket - that gaudy plush thing she flies herself - will go up in a flash of flaming fire ? ''
wearing a fashionable suit , purchased at some considerable expense , herb asher boarded a luxury - class commercial rocket for new york city .
the rocket began to descend almost at once .
why could n't i be making rocket guidance systems and be only competing with g.e .
not exactly a rocket scientist , but smart enough to be dangerous . ''
from rocket propulsion to jet , from jet to piston - driven aircraft , then surface travel as the coal - fed steam train , horse - drawn cart - but it could n't regress that far , he said to himself .
' probably a car backfiring or some kid shooting off a bottle rocket , ' julia said .
he wanted more - he wanted it all - but feared that if he helped himself to a deep lungful , his head would explode off his neck and fly around the lab like a rocket , shooting fiery exhaust from its stump .
half and half , sweetheart ; i call it a canada dry rocket . '
federal officials , congressmen , technicians , military observers , rocket scientists coming back , possibly some life and look reporters and photographers and maybe crews from nbc and cbs television .
maury began calling the airfield at boise , trying to get a rocket flight to seattle .
i made a reservation on a twa boeing 900 rocket flight for seattle ; it left the following morning at ten - forty .
` ` i want you to drive the lincoln to the airfield and put it on a rocket flight to seattle right now .
` ` listen , '' i said , ` ` let 's get out of here and on the rocket flight ; let 's get back to boise . ''
the flight which the mental health people had obtained for me was first - class and on the new australian rocket , the c-80 .
it took only half an hour to reach the kansas city airport , so before nine that night i was stepping from the rocket , looking around me for the mental health people who were supposed to receive me .
a bunch of them had been sitting in the alley behind dahlie 's , some of them eating popsicles and hoodsie rockets , some of them smoking kents from a pack jimmie polino - jimmie polio , they had all called him , because he had that fucked - up thing wrong with him , that clubfoot - had hawked out of his mother 's dresser drawer .
it 's rocket j. squirrel , wearing his blue aviator 's hat and with his arms bravely outstretched .
when i was a boy , ray bradbury picked stories from his books of short stories he thought younger readers might like , and he published them as r is for rocket and s is for space .
there 's always some rocket scientist with a big belly and his shirt pocket stuck full of pens .
then to cut him off , the rocket science guy says , ` ` ten .
the rocket science guy says a dollar higher than him .
there was also a large carton donated by the widow of a legendary rocket scientist , which turned out to be filled with 1950s foot - fetish p**n ography , and sixteen - millimeter film footage of several pioneers of flight doing something unseemly with a spotted pig .
like a rocket or some kind of flare . ''
if they have sufficient ground forces to strike against the flank of our allies ' ground soldiers- '' interrupting her explanation , lung yu fei came blazing into the camp as swiftly as a rocket , skidding in the dirt as she pulled up : temeraire regarded her with dismay even before she opened her mouth and said , ` ` there is a whole army coming , from the north - east : they are coming through the trees on foot . ''
another rocket struck the street beside the truck , barely missing it .
the craft flew over the ice , no more than a handspan above the surface , a rocket against the wind .
he did n't even finish his shout when the drakon shuddered from the rocket strike .
mikovsky 's ears popped as the rocket pierced somewhere aft , exploding a hole through the plating .
this was confirmed a moment later when his sonar chief had reported a successful rocket attack .
the rocket launcher he had used to pierce the sub was propped beside him , but it was no longer needed .
the drakon carried a full complement of two - hundred - knot shkval torpedoes , ss - n-16 antisubmarine missiles , and one pair of ugst rocket torpedoes .
he got the nod that the starboard ugst rocket tube was flooded and ready , target locked .
then the rotors slammed into the thrusted tip of the torpedo rocket .
the plan might have worked , except that the russians by the tents had managed to load their rocket launcher .
he watched bratt turn , ready to leap away , but the distances were too short , the rocket too fast .
the rocket struck with a resounding blast .
hopefully the soldiers were still deafened by the rocket explosion .
but the cloud from the rocket attack continued to mask the area .
another rocket .
then the rocket hit , blasting matt back from the force of the concussion .
they sped off to the side in tandem , circling around the zone of the rocket attack .
he sprinted directly toward the rocket impact , aiming for the steaming hole .
out the window , a spiraling trail marked the passage of a rocket .
the smoke from the rocket attack had begun to disperse .
` ` how ... i thought ... the rocket attack ? ''
the whistle of rocket fire and dull rumblings continued , but now far to the south .
` ` rocket strike , '' jack commented .
another rocket barrage could occur at any time .
the tank , now a rocket , jetted away .
the chinese navy , over the horizon , had soon joined the conflict , bombarding the region with rocket barrages .
the new rockets rose from the west , from china .
there were also thruster assemblies built into the back , like the old rocket packs in scifi serials .
` ` rocket launcher ! ''
the explosion of the rocket in the treetop still rang in his head .
an elevator strapped to a rocket .
this all flashed through jack 's head as he watched the rocket launcher fire , exploding with a spat of flame and smoke .
he remembered the soldier with the rocket launcher .
the soldier had traded his rocket launcher for an assault rifle .
it shot away like a black rocket , riding two pontoons .
he knelt down and angled the black tube of a rocket launcher toward the villa .
a rocket roared straight at him - or rather at the gun battery above him .
duncan 's head still rang from the rocket impact .
he had managed to slam the door behind him as the rocket struck the gun battery in the upper bunker .
he did n't know why the chopper blew : a grenade , another rocket , or just an unlucky spray of bullets .
to punctuate this demand a rocket launcher appeared and was pointed at their boat .
caught off guard , they were too slow bringing the rocket launcher to bear .
` ` salt shot against a rocket launcher ? ''
` ` rocket ! ''
a power greater than any gun or rocket .
she balanced a rocket launcher on her shoulder .
the show is anni get your gun - not rocket launcher , you bitch !
the rocket struck the large oak , blasting it to a ruin of flaming branches and bark .
the fiery rocket blast must have started a house fire .
nearby , the australian coast guard cutter , gutted by a rocket blast , still smoked and foundered on its side , half sunk .
proving it , kowalski revved the engine 's rpms , downshifted for the next corner , twisted the wheel , throwing them all to the left , then planted back on the power and shot out of the turn like a rocket .
` ` it 's not always rocket science , guys .
he saw rocket fire slamming into the five - story apartment buildings , collapsing entire sections .
luca was in the bed of the truck , braced with a rocket on his shoulder .
gunfire and rocket blasts intensified .
his target raced fifty yards ahead of him , riding a smaller honda crotch rocket .
before he could reach it , the knife suddenly jolted , emitting a sharp hissing , and skittered like a loose rocket across the icy ground .
the rocket crashed through the front windshield of the vehicle and exploded inside .
fifty yards ahead , a boulder hit with the force of a rocket .
the rocket shot past their hood and exploded in the neighboring field , casting up a fountain of grass , dirt , and rock .
another rocket exploded into an oak tree , shattering it into flaming splinters .
another sharp scream of a rocket erupted .
reports of rocket fire .
the rocket had hit outside the hut , collapsing a corner of the clay - brick structure .
another rocket blast .
it had been nagging him since the first rocket blast .
a whistling rocket screamed from the chopper 's undercarriage , blazing a trail of fire and smoke .
the patrols on the outside tried to fire another rocket , but by the time they readied a shot , the entire lobby had sunk away .
the boat blasted away like a rocket , striving to duck under that lowering guillotine of steel , concrete , and glass .
it looked like a glass rocket ship rising up on three wings .
kowalski picked up one of the rocket launchers .
the rocket flew the remaining distance and struck the tank head - on .
a rocket attack .
the windshield had been blown out by the concussive blast of the rocket .
ca n't exactly predict ... ` ` ` ` it is n't rocket science , '' holden said with a laugh .
` ` you know , ' it is n't rocket science , ' ` ` holden said .
you 're a rocket scientist , amos .
it looked like an archaic rocket gantry .
the self - contained rockets that were its ammunition would n't impart thrust and send him flying all over the place if he fired it in zero g. ` ` i watched you die , '' he said , not looking at amos .
when the last rocket hit , the monster was blown off the bulkhead and thrown down the cargo bay toward the open doors .
another thing prax had never thought about before coming here : the station waldoes had to fire attitude rockets to keep their movements from shifting the station they were attached to .
you fire anything bigger than a bottle rocket and we will glass the whole f**king moon .
they load them into a single - use braking rocket , and fling them at uranus ' orbit with a rail gun . ''
to anna 's eye the bullet looked like a tiny rocket .
hope your career takes off like a f**king rocket .
behind them , a shuttle 's attitude rocket roared for a moment , then cut off .
a massive explosion - a hundredfold stronger than any of the prior rocket blasts - shook the world .
the enemy 's twin otter sped past - then the ice exploded ahead of them in a fiery blast of rocket fire .
but by going downhill , barstow could gain momentum , transforming the ski - doo into a tread - driven rocket .
the chugging of the weapon was loud enough to reach the top of the superstructure - until a rocket struck the man 's position with a thunderous explosion .
the fired rocket struck the bridge ahead of them , exploding old ties and rending apart steel .
he aimed the long tube of the rocket launcher and fixed its sights on the distant glow of the lrad workstation - then pulled the trigger .
the smell of high - grade rocket fuel filled the air .
the occasional deep - space satellite or rocket .
the room was mostly dark , its glow coming from numerous monitors - twenty - five of them in five stacks of five mounted to the wall and perched above a large console that looked serious enough to launch a rocket .
it sounded like they had been struck by a rocket .
star pulled her attention away as dataran was explaining the different features of the racer , gesturing at the elegant curve of its back , the power behind the rocket boosters , and on and on .
micah stood a few yards away , legs on either side of his motorcycle as he aimed a rocket launcher at a nearby store .
and then , from what seemed a far distance , the sound of a concussion -- almost like a bottle rocket -- cut through the other noise , muted but distinctive .
i was expecting to see a line of canners standing there with rocket launchers over their shoulders , but instead , all i saw were rob and fohi - fohi with a distinctively sheepish look on his face .
* * * ` ` holy shit , dude , put that thing away , '' i said , feeling my blood pressure shoot up like a rocket and my heart start to beat triple - time .
there were all kinds of weapons caches around these towns , and it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out it would be the canners who would focus their energies on finding them .
they 're going to find more ammo and they 're going to eventually find the rocket launchers and bazookas and everything else .
the performance ended with all of the dancers turning into old - fashioned rocket ships that blasted upward and exploded into fireworks .
` ` rocket , '' she calls out .
my head would snap back and i would hurtle like a rocket toward the sky .
a rocket blazed across the sky .
and then came the whining sound in the air , from the strangely slow rocket .
all eyes be watchful , the sky shows again , and we watch as the rocket makes an arc and curves back towards the ground .
i could have finished faster , but i figured caution 's best when setting fire to rocket fuel in an enclosed space .
i came up with a solution , but ... remember when i burned rocket fuel in the hab ?
in the old days , when china wanted to launch a rocket , they just launched it .
we 'd launch from jiuquan ; we ca n't ship an 800 - ton rocket to florida . ''
log entry : sol 529 i ' m turning my pee in to rocket fuel .
they gave her a rocket for allowing me to be interviewed by the cops without them being present .
taffy swiftly names as jellico mice - squeaks then bounces on her toes , launching like a rocket beside taffy , hugging taffy at her waistline jellico shorts at five feet and one - inch compared to taffys five feet and nine - inches of height as the tv screen boos with noise .
these dirt mines are the old rocket silos from the 1960s space race program developed in the ancient city of huntsville .
baycliff slams and locks the beaten and worn dull green painted metal hatch door of the small two - seater transport after he and taffy have loaded sixteen cans of bite - nats in the front compartment for hico , leaning against the home - made rocket ship without legs or wheels attached to the amusement park one - directional old choo - choo train railing leading upward to the top of the fusion located inside the platform .
be thankful for the find of the bite - nats , taffy turns towards the rocket ship , worrying .
the rocket ship made of old military missile of green paint smoothly closes the cockpit canopy over taffy , rusk and baycliff as the after burns ignite then the rocket sails upwards towards the heavens leaving a couple of stomachs behind .
the rocket ship made of old military missile of green paint smoothly closes the cockpit canopy over taffy , rusk and baycliff as the after burns ignite then the rocket sails upwards towards the heavens leaving a couple of stomachs behind .
the rocket growl loudly then zings upward creeping out the fusion as it plows literally the planks of wood upward then burning them into ciders from the heated after burns as the short ride ends with a jolt towards the earth imploring the safety air bags around taffy , rusk , and baycliff , protecting their flesh and blood bodies .
hico witnesses the rocket ship leap like a frog from fusion then flaps on its belly like a whale displacing the planks of wood then he stands and exits through the opening not wanting to see who visits the platform .
amita watches the rocket land then feels hico rush passed her as she stands running out the opening of the platform after hico as the overhead stadium lights flicker off then on then the tv screens go static , black then blank .
baycliff jerks the canopy of the rocket ship , exposing his skull to the world then leaps out of the ship as mccamy and tulu gallops towards baycliff .
amita ends with a loud soprano then giggles like a silly kid as baycliff shifts taffy from his biceps , standing with fury and angry which is written over his face as he viciously jerks amitas body by her shoulder blades from the mourning teens backwards towards the rocket ship then baycliff holds amita against his chest and .
amita cat calls by the rocket ship since baycliff ordered her there .
baycliff finger points at the rocket ship while leaving amita alone then he kneecaps between mccamy and taffy .
he wraps his biceps tightly around taffy trying to comfort her sobs and tears then neck snap his skull to view amita who paces like a caged lioness back and forth in front of the dead rocket ship , pondering her problem .
amita yells , galloping from the rocket ship to the teen huddle in both angry and fury for being ignored , again .
taffy neck snaps her skull to the rocket ship being emptied by ant , wasp , and beetle of the twenty bite - nats paint cans then returns her eyeballs to amita as amita purrs like a jungle cat queen .
i swiftly punch the red acceleration button as the bullet ship blasts like a rocket ship in a vertical direction straight up into the heavens .
we gently land on the hard tile like an upright rocket missile , while i grin and giggle with a silly smile .
rexs lips moves slowly , then yells with rocket liftoff , so loud , that the comfone picks up a single transmission .
red colored heat instantly radiates the wall around my hands , then it zooms outwards faster then a rocket missile in different directions , surrounding the one sided wall .
i fly like a rocket back to commerce to report my findings .
i vault like a rocket out of the hay wagon , brushing strands of yellow hay off my gray damaged dress and out gray messy hair .
my right leather boot swiftly launches like a rocket missile into the right side of his slick brown hair roots as the first guard falls down upon the tile unconscious .
i pivot soldierly , dashing like a race - horse to the small crack inside the yellow wall , squeezing my cute bee_hind through the tiny crack , fall on my kneecaps then upright and gallop like a stallion through the array of colored walls from white then zip through yellow into a dull brown tunnel until i hit the orange hard floor like a rocket ship .
i t - shove with telekinesis ranns partial burned body to the other side of the room from the second ray as rann launches like a rocket missile .
the male locks one strong bicep around my left shoulder blade and the second bicep around my waist , entangling us like a fishing net under water then he bends at his kneecaps , blasting his strong legs like a rocket towards the air surface as we emerge like a pair of flying fish then he life - guard swims me toward the corner of the water , pulling with strong muscles me onto the concrete steps of pool .
however , rain is marching all over the entire state of alabama from the white sands of mobile to big rocket ships planted at huntsville until 10:00 pm .
the angels hoot with laughter as argus grabs my hand swinging us towards the garage traveling like a rocket ship .
ash yells as drake shoots off like a rocket space from the band room , sprinting on his footballs while he powerfully shoves the students parked at set of double doors of the schools auditorium .
the third devil dog launches from its hind legs at coonie like a flying rocket missile as dove sweeps its tiny wings down then up and moves in forward motion , intersecting the flying beast at eye level then dove shifts a half inch above the dogs wet nose and completely poops yellow small pellets into both dogs eyeballs .
built myself a model rocket from a kit i saved up for .
yeahanywaylike i said , i was eager , so i packed my rocket with fuel , more than the directions said to usea lot more , hoyt continued .
anyway , the rocket launched like it was supposed tobut went sideways instead of up .
he watched the action unfold , still woozy from the rocket attack .
aftershocks from the rocket attack rippled through the coasters frame , and the entire structure tilted to a forty - five - degree angle before stopping , at least for the moment .
it shot out through the hole like the fire from a rocket booster , and when it dissipated , she was standing there , fists clenched , wings outstretched behind her back like a burning angel .
colton imagined it was like being inside the shell of a skyscraper shaped like a giant rocket .
we took off like a rocket .
it was nt rocket science .
as the boys ran for shelter they saw a rocket hit the marketplace .
he took a bad hit from a piece of the rocket because he was standing in the open when it hit .
it stands for rocket propelled grenade .
the rocket on the back can kill someone when it lights off , and this is designed to take out vehicles and buildings , so its real important where you aim the front and the back .
now you check where the rocket will discharge out the back to make sure its clear .
it sent a wave through her like someone lighting off a bottle rocket that whistled through the air , popped and then dissolve .
it was like he could look right through her and see that bottle rocket go off .
his orange boogie board shot vertically up out of the water like a rocket from a submarine launcher .
yeah , he s a real rocket scientist .
the long tan airship slid up through the clouds like a rocket in slow motion .
her spectacles curving up at the edges like an old packards rocket fins .
mark my words kid ; there s an obvious connection between all them there nuke bombs the ruskies are letting off and the way they re just throwing commies up into space in rocket fuelled tins .
anyone can do a good job , viv ; its pool cleaning , not ... rocket science .
you do nt need to be a rocket scientist to see that .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to figure out what s going on here .
the craft flew down the runway like a rocket , the world outside zoomed past in a blur .
why would she want a guitar guy like me when she can have any rocket scientist she wants ?
like a rocket , benjamin was all over joshua ; amber was screaming in the background , and other people were running to the scene .
~*~ that night , i sat in my mothers floating rocket chair by the fire , which was the only thing giving light at this point .
like a rocket i stealthed my way home in my stilettos with my loot .
` ` first we need to pick a destination for the rocket .
it 'll launch from one of our bases -- it 's only about as big as a model rocket -- and it 'll get into space undetected , drop the payload into the atmosphere above illuminus territory , the outer shell burns away , and the microbots drop in on a filament .
we stared at the screen while the rocket got up into the atmosphere .
jericha directed the rocket around discarded satellites , flecks of heat - resistant paint from the space shuttle and sputnik , past pieces of asteroid and comet .
the rocket 's fins spun it like a pinwheel , and bursts of steam shot spirals as she adjusted the path .
we breathed easier as the rocket split open and a mini - lunar lander dropped from inside .
its not rocket science .
their strategy changed when one of the men exiting a burning building dropped over , wearing a rocket launcher and carrying a sack full of rockets .
their strategy changed when one of the men exiting a burning building dropped over , wearing a rocket launcher and carrying a sack full of rockets .
having a rocket launcher in their back pocket allowed them a much more aggressive approach to these robberies .
the rocket launcher gave them the confidence to crash right into the drug cartels lairs , separating the drug dealers from their product and money .
when the remaining bandits followed them outside and pursued them they blew them away with a rocket .
lets just finish them off with a rocket and then well high tail it out of here .
you read my mind , baby miriam said , holding up a rocket .
then he laid down a cover of fire , just in case they still had ammo , while miriam popped up and prepared to fire the rocket .
the rocket hissed as it left the launcher , a small vapor trail spitting out behind it as it righted itself and made its way for the target .
the men were just coming out the front of the bus when the rocket hit , blowing them into the air , and leaving the bus enveloped in a wall of flames .
went the little tiny rocket you humans have come a long way but you really ca nt afford to get cocky about it .
to cover further distance , ty grew to his original size and took off like a rocket , seeing alexander was pursuing him .
willow bent her knees and kicked off before pandora could lecture her further and she flew up in the air like a rocket , squealing with joy .
she was skyward , flying up and up until gravity thrust her down like a rocket .
the path before me is wide , and there are brown stones floating over a fifty foot long hole , but that s not what has my pulse speeding like a rocket .
in a daze , viktor saw arseni whisper to the black romani horse ; it took off like a rocket toward belch , who leapt on its back .
their current rocket took them longer than most .
this rocket was sure to be their best one yet .
the rocket , which they named the red demon , promised to blast off 1,200 feet in the sky with a shrieking whistle before the parachute deployed and guided it safely to the ground .
he kept looking over the side of his bed to stare at the rocket , which he d placed carefully on the floor next to him .
if he did nt launch today , it might be another month before he put the rocket into the air .
he was going to put the rocket airborne , with or without his father .
but the rocket , instead of shrieking 1,200 feet in the sky with a glorious whistle , flew crookedly into the limbs of the tree .
the rocket rested in the arms of the tree , its body mangled .
meanwhile , the rocket lay crumpled in the arms of the great tree , the regret that would fill his life for years to come .
he remembered the launch , how the rocket veered off course into the limbs of the old oak .
the rocket was higher than he remembered ; it would be a hard climb .
he saw the silver shape of the rocket ten feet above and kept going until it was finally within reach .
daniel swayed gently on a branch of the tree , holding the rescued rocket in one hand and the tree trunk with the other , trying to make sense of what was going on .
ill finish early , your brother and i will fire off the new rocket , then all of us will go to dinner and a movie .
he is like a little pocket rocket that kid .
unless ryan had unwittingly fitted the buggy with wings and a rocket motor they were never going to make it .
she cheered every flash and every explosion until , as the display reached its climax and with an almighty booom ! , the final rocket was sent arcing into the night sky .
green light shot from the blade and whizzed through the sky like a launched rocket .
iris fought like a banshee ; i rose like a rocket ; theron collapsed like a feather .
it was what they called a crotch rocket .
and all gods can leave the planet like a rocket space , chuckling .
the jet moved back and forth , like a rocket awaiting takeoff .
while ruth respected that anton 's nasa research involved rocket engineering and not the jet version ; nevertheless , she reasoned he was an intriguing risk .
you see , there had not been any measurable improvement in rocket propulsion systems , globally - speaking , for decades . ''
not to be a rocket scientist , but to finish the punchlines to your jokes quickly .
i launch myself at him like a rocket and he wraps his thick arms around me and i get on my toes to plant a gentle kiss on his lips .
a rocket to the stars .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a discontented journalist who just needs someone to ask him the right questions .
the entire group was off like a rocket , just as gunfire began to rain through the trees .
another two steps and he fired a rocket at goal .
the parkside striker was 25 yards out and , when his foot hit the ball , it was a rocket .
a rocket .
the whistle blew , he trotted up , and slammed home a blistering rocket that pushed the net three feet out in the back of the goal .
the second ... martin sees it before he hears it this time ; a small rocket jettisons through the window into the basement .
he runs back to the window , ignoring the pain as another rocket smashes into his shoulder .
fucking drunk idiots are trying to screw up the rocket launches across the lake .
the last rocket climbed into the sky , arcing over us before blinking out .
jolts of pain rocket up my shins .
we babbled about the planes , the saturn rocket , the actual console of the enterprise where we were able to go inside and worked the toggle switches and buttons .
from the clean classic white paint from most parts of the house , posters of his favorite rock bands , his favorite action movie , dragons and dragon slayers , and a rocket ship were posted on his bedroom wall .
several of them were filled with miniature sea ships , but others were filled with miniature mansions , farmhouses ; even a few rocket ships .
the first two peeled off , and the third was dragged down until it was enveloped by the rocket fire .
now , the slut was bragging about his late entry into the rocket field with his tiny meaningless sparkles .
their missile would have had a longer range and a larger amount of explosive material in the rocket 's nose .
once the rocket has been launched into the air , that could be difficult to do if the target moved unexpectedly .
then , a little computer in the rocket would lock onto the target and direct the rocket right to wherever the target went .
then , a little computer in the rocket would lock onto the target and direct the rocket right to wherever the target went .
or there could be a little camera in the rocket that would allow a remote technician to steer the rocket until it hit its target .
or there could be a little camera in the rocket that would allow a remote technician to steer the rocket until it hit its target .
the purple mist had mike firmly in its grasp as they propelled off down the mountain like a rocket .
the scientific satellites , five in total , blasted off the marked pad from the single rocket zipper ship into a golden sunset on the planet of tech on a mission to figure out the source of the powerful geomagnetic sub storms on the newly formed moon of sahara .
i ve heard that riding in a capsule in the autobahn feels like being ejected into space in a rocket .
i was off down the street like a rocket .
then , moving faster than a rocket , we charged out of town and across the countryside .
the moonclipper the last time shed faced down the crescent moon she was dodging rocket fire from its side - mounted pods .
within the next beats i arch right , front and back and finally end the silly kata as a pretend smoking rocket ship preparing to launch to the moon .
then the kid performs the goofy silly kata poses of a bird , a rocket ship , a tree , and an upright needle point for my mom as the audience claps and cheers for the children .
hydra rocket pods .
the author playlist jeepney love story by yeng constantino pag - ibig by yeng constantino smile by uncle kracker panalangin by moonstar88 tulog na by sugarfree baby blue eyes by a rocket to the moon grow old with you by adam sandler mahal na mahal by sam concepcion out of my league by migz haleco ( cover ) with a smile by eraserheads acknowledgements i would like to thank my friends who , though not totally , supported my writing venture , and my online / offline fans who never fail to make me feel loved .
bringing home the gold as the fasted freestyler in the entire mock meet , jenna the wave crasher rocket swimmer sabini !
he came running out of the storefront like a rocket , with his ice cream cone in hand , and totally ate the pavement just feet from me .
but it had to be abandoned after king gnarblads father accidentally shot the iron - tooth kings favourite war hound with a bazookoid 9000 rocket launcher .
that looks like a rocket engine , these must be the parts for some kind of missile do nt you think ?
the king moved to the model of the war machine , which had been relocated from the tech labs , and started to play with one of the rocket turrets .
forward turrets check , aft rockets check , hanger bay doors have a green light .
angelica nodded , wishing that her crossbow could suddenly transform itself into some kind of rocket launcher .
i pushed off like a rocket ship and flew across the gap with my arms and legs flailing like the greatest american hero .
as we exited the theater and reached the concessions , comfort shot off like a bottle rocket barreling toward the door .
it 's hardly rocket science ...
hydrogen peroxide , h2o2 , besides being a strong bleaching agent , was also i could recall from a fourth - year seminar a powerful rocket fuel .
it was n't like we were going to ride a rocket over the mountains .
but i recalled exactly how hydrogen peroxide worked as a rocket fuel : exposed to a catalyzing agent , it decomposed , exothermically , into water and oxygen .
if i told him we 'd be riding a rocket over the mountains and landing in pioneer square , he would n't have batted an eye .
i laughed , folding my schematic back in halves , well , it 's basically rocket fuel ...
not rocket powered , steam powered .
bigger than this here rocket train of yours ?
hell , i do n't know , fluky continued , if you can really make a rocket - powered train , i do n't know if such a fool thing should ever be attempted , but i do know god do n't want me pitchin ' shit and hatin ' on my neighbor .
that was rocket fuel , the stuff that nazis had used for their v2 rockets the rockets the germans gave to the japanese , with their foothold on the baja , to rain down on san diego and los angeles .
that was rocket fuel , the stuff that nazis had used for their v2 rockets the rockets the germans gave to the japanese , with their foothold on the baja , to rain down on san diego and los angeles .
that was rocket fuel , the stuff that nazis had used for their v2 rockets the rockets the germans gave to the japanese , with their foothold on the baja , to rain down on san diego and los angeles .
i was n't out there , in the middle of nowhere , running a rocket fuel powered train across mountains for anyone 's good but my own .
started in a makeshift train , powered by rocket fuel , piloted across the mountains and through many dangers by three losers from boot hill .
it was good on gas , but was not exactly a rocket .
there were hand - blown glass radiometers , infrared cameras , neutral buoyancy frisbees , dinosaur chia - pets , binary wristwatches , mexican jumping beans , compasses , sextants , pedometers , otoscopes , microscopes , kaleidoscopes , oscilloscopes , gyroscopes , periscopes , 3d mirascopes , laser pointers , the worlds smallest motor , a game called identify that mineral ! , pin - depression pads of various sizes , potato clocks , miniature wave pools , those metal balls that clack against each other , magnet powered kinetic art sculptures , metal detectors , analog geiger counters , genuine moon rocks , petrified dinosaur dung , water pressure rockets , bigger bubble builders , rube goldberg toast maker kits , frequency finders , custom kite kits , micro helicopters , magnetically crushed quarters , air cannons , voice changers , mini echo chambers , ant farms , bonsai potato kits , homemade hair - gel kits , model dinosaur bones made of balsa wood , anatomical models of the brain , ear , heart and lung , sugar crystal farms , young architect kits , origami architecture kits , cassettes of whale vocalizations , optical illusion posters , spiral spinning tops , invisible ink pens , black lights , snap circuit boards , magnetic silly putty , light bender kits , laser pointers , erupting volcano models , brew your own root beer guides , make your own bubblegum kits , dead tarantulas and scorpions encased in clear resin , lava lamps , true mirrors , bacteria farms , jacobs ladders , infrared cameras , pixel cameras , and all sorts of puzzles and games and globes and maps .
the land speed record , as in the fastest ever , without taking off , is something like mach eight point five ; set just a few years ago by an un - manned rocket on rails .
it looks like some kind of a thing off a rocket !
and this guy , a real rocket jock , all american type if you ever saw one , lets us in a little secret .
did you know that he holds the record for a single motor rocket flight ?
what is a single motor rocket ?
not that it took a rocket scientist to notice them holding hands and giving each other smitten kitten looks when they thought she was nt paying attention .
it was designed to withstand rocket propelled grenades and could stop most rifle rounds .
with a rocket stove to cook on , they survived on watery , wild game stew .
after a week of air attacks by the hogs , with supplemental bombing and rocket attacks delivered by other units of the air force , the chinese defensive line was substantially reduced .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to learn words .
she can hear a red rocket grumbling up the tracks from the west .
the red rocket , one of torontos familiar streetcars , is squealing up to the stop .
anything that puts a rocket up arena victorys backside is fine by me .
it did not take a rocket scientist to see something was wrong .
we had four guys , full time , running contacts in eastern europe , shelling out bribes to get the specifications of the ukrainian hand held rocket launchers sought after by al qaeda .
` ` rocket launchers ? ''
spent the ten minutes greasing his guns , preparing ammo and phoning for reinforcements : some of his militia buddies with grenades and rocket launchers .
he sees that it is ray floating down with some sort of rocket propelled unit with round metal frame around him .
the two rocket propelled grenades hit simultaneously , one hitting the gate itself and the second hitting the small guardhouse killing the two troopers instantaneously .
take off is a little difficult up to air - control speed , and the air movement is active around the aircraft , but once she is airborne , she turns into a rocket .
i believe an israeli version , .30 - caliber machine gun turret , completely armored top and possible rocket launchers , no ?
i was not allowed to bring the rocket launchers into the united states , he explained .
we know of every one of these old rocket installations , and have completed reports on every single one , except one in kansas and one in siberia .
they are so oldsome of the first ever made back in the 1950sthat i believe that the rocket silos are either empty or no longer exist , and the atomic rockets stationed in them have long since been destroyed .
they are so oldsome of the first ever made back in the 1950sthat i believe that the rocket silos are either empty or no longer exist , and the atomic rockets stationed in them have long since been destroyed .
most of those older rockets were terminated in the most recent arms treaty between the two countries and there is even talk of more reductions this year and in 2011 .
tech sergeants smith and matheson over there , sir , are experts on armaments and the rocket hitches we brought along , and they are itching to work on your aircraft , sir .
it was originally set up with rocket pylons and the electronics are still in place inside the wings , just deactivated by law .
i mounted a couple of air - to - ground rockets on a p-51 a couple of decades ago , and i think two of yours have rocket setups already in the wings .
i mounted a couple of air - to - ground rockets on a p-51 a couple of decades ago , and i think two of yours have rocket setups already in the wings .
haywards , the substation receiving power from the north , was destroyed by a small rocket .
i jumped from the chair like i had a rocket strapped to my back .
we also have a gun with rocket flares , the captain said .
sangrin was on his feet like a rocket .
by then , we were just coasting along , the truck without power , when you took off like a rocket and went right over the side of the road .
it was only two parts , the launcher and the rocket .
an armour - penetrating grenade propelled by a rocket .
the rocket would get there in three seconds .
number six stood motionless , not intimidated , aiming the rocket launcher at them from ten feet away .
it was a stand - off , except one of them had a rocket launcher .
as the terrorist turned towards the plane with the rocket launcher , she was the first to react .
there was a loud whoosh as the rocket roared out of the tube and off into the air .
the rocket chewed through the air towards its target , moving at frightening speed .
the plane was about eighty feet off the runway ; even if by some freak miracle the pilot saw the rocket , he d have no time to do anything about it .
porter had told nikki that shapira had shot one of the terrorists just before he fired a rocket launcher at a commercial jet coming in from new york .
a rocket launcher .
but when shed taken out the guy with the rocket launcher , they were practically throwing her a party .
after shed whacked the kid with the rocket launcher on the roof , rivers was totally on her side .
they had killed three members of his team by the time teresas team shot a rocket propelled grenade to the roof of the compound .
something was going on between the two of them and it did nt take a rocket scientist to figure out what it was .
being able to kill five times as many people on any given night ( five families in the same house ; its not rocket science , people ) is clearly a bonus .
detective pash blasts out of his chair like a rocket and nearly comes across the table .
it was like he was the rocket engine driving our success , and without him pushing us to greater heights , we fell back to earth .
they just lifted the rocket launcher out through the sunroof .
we stared into the mouth of a rocket launcher .
the rocket launcher was being reloaded .
a second later , a rocket propelled grenade smashed into the side of the van and detonated .
a grenade left the rocket launcher shouldered by a crovir hunter , skimmed the air inches from my flank and detonated on the opposite wall .
a heartbeat later , the door buckled and splintered under the force of a rocket grenade .
the crovir hunter crouched on one knee next to him finished reloading the rocket launcher on his shoulder .
i glanced over my shoulder in time to see another grenade leave the rocket launcher in the second bell helicopter .
by the looks of the distorted steel plates , rocket grenades had been used to force entry into the compound .
` ` what 's a picnic without a little rocket fuel ? ''
nasda , through contracts to the space systems division of mitsubishi heavy industries , was in charge of the major hardware of the japanese rocket program .
together they had traveled to the agency 's space center on tanegeshima , the island six hundred miles south of tokyo , to monitor the shakedown launch of japan 's new h-2 rocket series .
another line connected him to the head office of nissan 's aeronautical and space division in tokyo , already in charge of all solid rocket boosters for the japan institute of space and aeronautical science .
that education began almost half a century earlier when , as a student , he had been on hand to assist in the first free flight of a russian - made liquid fuel rocket , at an army base just outside moscow .
joseph stalin , always paranoid , decided that the rocket researchers ' ` ` fireworks '' were ` ` dangerous to the country . ''
as a recognized rocket expert , he was part of the 1946 soviet team that shipped german scientists and v-2 launchers back to russia .
finally , under khrushchev , he rose to genuine prominence , since that general secretary believed that only rockets , not manned aircraft , had the range to drop bombs on the u.s . nikita s. khrushchev put andrei androv in charge of all soviet rocketry , and andrei androv put russia in space .
he knew the byways of that top - secret facility almost better than he knew his own living room - the gantry systems , the fueling apparatus , the clean rooms , the rocket assembly areas , the sectors where satellites were readied .
` ` tanzan mino may be a genius , but the rest of his yakuza hoods are not exactly rocket scientists .
you 'd have to be to want to ride a rocket .
but the immediate question was , what was the dean of soviet rocket research doing here visiting him ?
when a giant rocket , a mars probe , failed to achieve ignition , instead of taking the delay required to remove the fuel before checking the malfunction , the technicians were ordered to troubleshoot it immediately .
when he finally saw it clearly , the stubby wings and rocket pods , he realized it was a soviet mi-24d , a hind .
what 's more , this bird was fully armedwith dual heat - seeking missiles secured at the tips of each stubby wing , just beyond the twin rocket pods .
furthermore , the dual rocket pods beneath each short wing were probably armored .
` ` we lost the starboard rocket pod , too . ''
the rocket pod had been shorn away , leaving the tangled metal of the wing completely bare .
for her senior science project , she created a solid - fuel rocket , using , as the phrase goes , ordinary household chemicals .
by directing the energy to a space vehicle , you kept the power plant for its rockets on the ground .
the only defect of this particular example was the absence of the starboard auxiliary wing , including the rocket pod .
young johan remembered little of princeton , new jersey , but in los alamos he had gloried in the clear air of the mountains , had loved the old white sands rocket test area where they vacationed , had loved everything about america .
my god , it was a rocket launch facility .
the fujitsu supercomputer they were using was programmed with a special nasa program developed by mcdonnell - douglas astronautics co. called sort , an abbreviation for simulation and optimization of rocket trajectories , it minimized the laser energy required for an insertion trajectory into low earth orbit .
it was a guerrilla special , a soviet - designed 40 mm launcher that loosed a rocket with an oversize hollow - charge rocket - warhead 85 mm in diameter .
it was a guerrilla special , a soviet - designed 40 mm launcher that loosed a rocket with an oversize hollow - charge rocket - warhead 85 mm in diameter .
it was at this time , when his name was being linked to the plo , that sabri ramirez got wind of him and knew he had found a gold minea disaffected , activist israeli nuclear and rocket expert looking for a cause .
the rocket grenade on the forward end looked like a round arrowhead while the back was flared to dissipate the exhaust gases .
with inflight stability for the rocket provided by tail fins that folded out after launch , the rpg-7 had a 500 - meter range against static targets .
for the insertion , backup would be provided by two apaches that would be armed and ready to carry out a rocket attack on the facility radars and the two launch vehicles .
it pains me to tell you , pardon the joke , but your gang is n't exactly the crew of rocket scientists you think you are .
the nuts and bolts are a little complicated , but it boils down to what happens inside the rocket when the cyclops laser starts up .
the hueys would hover and drop off the insertion teams , while the apaches would provide backup firepower thatwith their 30 mm chain guns , hellfire missiles , and 70 mm folding - fin rocket podscould easily be mistaken for the end of the world .
` ` with the damned rocket still sitting up there ready to blast off .
but the next burst of energy came from the propulsion unit of vx-1 , which slowly began discharging a concentrated plume out of its nozzles , a primal green instead of the usual reds and oranges of a conventional rocket .
` ` satcom 's laser - powered rocket did go up .
they even retrieved the bomb that those bastards were planning to put on satcom 's rocket .
you are sitting in 6 tons of v10 - powered ballistic grade aluminum and ceramic reinforced high strength steel plate built to withstand bullets , car bombs , and the odd rocket propelled grenade .
he let himself go , imagining himself launched like a rocket against a moving car .
they export their evangelical messages , their strict scriptural views of our world , and into the bargain they throw m-16 rifles and rocket launchers .
i could watch a rocket burn its way into the heart of the northern boroughs of the city .
we ve got rocket launchers and training camps .
countless trees surrounded the shoreline like a blanket made of wood and pine , reaching up into the sky like rockets .
in the past few years the engineers invented objects from microwaves , to lasers , plastic , computers , rocket fuel , and countless other things .
in the last few decades they ve given us the laser , rocket and stealth technology , microwaves , advancements in computers with the circuit board .
why not give them knowledge on how to build a rocket ship ?
her gaze went to the roof like a rocket .
not to say that rockets usually go to the roof , but the motion was the same as a soaring rocket in the sky and forget it .
not to say that rockets usually go to the roof , but the motion was the same as a soaring rocket in the sky and forget it .
he was in deep space seemingly motionless , but in reality , the rocket was advancing at its top speed .
with one sudden and tremendous jolt the rocket entered the atmosphere .
* * * * the rocket simply ejected him .
he was uncertain whether the planets atmosphere could bear terrestrial life , the strange state he had experienced in the rocket continued , his only sense at his disposal was vision .
he walked back to the rocket , and not being able to enter it , squatted down beside it .
he was sitting by the side of the rocket when the monster gaped and the force field sucked him inside .
the rocket was commencing a landing on earth .
the choice of landing field must have been deliberate on the part of the scientist , and the best possible alternative in case anything had happened to the island , because the rocket was slowly devoured by the moor .
to the turtle you / they had grafted a beautiful hull in fiber of carbon ultraleggero - in fact it spun as a rocket - and electroplated gold , and now he could not calculate his / her age anymore because there were not the rhombuses anymore above .
before he had the time to react , the rocket smashed in to the ground right in the middle of his team and exploded .
their emotion of surprise soon turned to horror as four rocket propelled grenades slammed in to the engine and the single passenger compartment behind it from different directions .
but the two mi-17s armed with machine guns and rocket pods which followed the convoy minutes later had no need of any road .
both structures were partially demolished by heavy mortar and rocket fire .
our room was probably an office at one time before it was shelled by rocket fire .
david commented that it was useful to have a single consistent world view if , for example , you wanted to build a bridge or send a rocket into space .
when the chatter of gunfire is heard through glass inside a helicopter with its blades at full power , it does n't take a rocket scientist to realize that it is a powerful weapon at work .
the man holding the rocket launcher collapses after quick return fire .
he was in the strategic rocket forces , you know ?
i saw the rocket scream toward me , but i juked the wheel to the left just as it was about to make contact so it did n't hit us straight on .
crunchy bug rolls , critter crackers , creepy crawly cookies , anty ma - ma pancakes , thick tick shakes , chocolate rocket roach bars and cheese bug burgers .
-- rocket launchers !
besides the fast moving u.s . army trucks , jeeps and motorcycles , i quickly caught a glimpse of multiple smarttrucks , m109a6 paladin howitzers , stealth tanks , surface - to - air missile trucks ( sam ) and stationed multi launch rocket systems ( mlr ) .
we were immediately under attack by their loud and powerful rapid fire rocket machine guns .
managing to deflect a couple rocket bullets with my wide double bladed axe , i fought off the other two cloned volk soldiers .
the elevator was stuffed with cloned volk soldiers who filtered out blasting their rocket rifles .
rapid fire rocket bullets exploded behind us as the cloned volks started the chase .
the clone volk soldiers fired their rocket bullets blowing up vehicles and blasting out a stony far wall .
a lucky random rocket bullet shot , or at least lucky for me , hit the handle of the sledge hammer and the enlarged hammer head dropped to the floor with a heavy thud .
grizz and i ducked for cover behind a cluttered tool cabinet to avoid being hit by even one of the blazing rocket bullets .
i told evon to disable all of the rapid fire rocket bullet rifles and the little sertz flew off to carry out my command .
the cloned volks began squeezing the triggers of their rifles , but the rocket shots never came .
three rocket bullets exploded from my new shield instantly .
when grizz saw this , he too tore off a door from the tool cabinet as well to shield himself from rocket bullets .
each time a clone volk picked up my axe , the clone volk would be targeted by one of his own cloned brothers and executed with a rocket bullet to a vital part of the body .
while grizz performed this move , the rifle was firing rocket shells against the wall .
when he had successfully worked the weapon out of the volks grip he turned the devastating rocket shell ammo on the four other cloned soldiers .
i imagined the damage caused from the clones rifle and how the rocket bullet must have blown away the whole half of my body .
immediately , i took cover behind a fallen stone statue and watched as the crate grizz crouched behind was quickly disintegrating at the relentless power of the rapid fire rocket bullets .
it also comprised of a rocket fitted body vest and fireproof suit , an extraction parachute , a map of the target area , and a 9 mm automatic machine gun with the new extended bullet magazines .
i 'd only ever used a shoulder mounted rocket launcher in training , but i was good with any weapon i could get my hands on .
the rocket screamed out of the chamber , the officer heard me fire but could n't move fast enough .
the rocket flew within inches of his horrified face .
the rocket made contact and the explosion lifted the truck off of the ground .
i belted as i ran toward a line of rocket launchers i had set in a row , for the stragglers .
we had to make sure none of them could fire a rocket or a mortar at the people in the rv .
i am , she said lugging a rocket launcher onto her shoulder .
a rocket from the west side of the lake connected with another helicopter , sending debris through the air .
salinger yelled , scrambling for cover as a rocket headed straight at us .
i yelled as she stood there , watching the rocket headed straight for us .
i kept firing , finally a rocket from the other chopper hit it .
he was still launching down the rugged trail like a toy rocket on steroids with timothy clinging on his back like a baby squirrel monkey does to its mother .
its not rocket science heavy debbie , figure it out yourself .
i suspect that even stephensons rocket could easily over - take the train i am in right now , such is its inability to pick up speed .
brian took off like he had a rocket up his arse , he knew well enough to do what he was told when deny was in this mood .
it was the home of the stevenson rocket , the first steam powered locomotive , which had been crucial during the industrial revolutions he had learned about in school .
caught up in the bubble of excitement he joined them in a small , smelly mess room as they pulled free several ak- 47 's , hand guns , a box of grenades and a shoulder - fired rocket launcher .
most of them will have never shot at a human target and you will have automatic assault rifles , grenades and a shoulder - fired rocket launcher .
only a handful had managed to retain their automatic rifles ; the grenades , the rocket launcher and spare ammunition as irretrievably lost in the sands of the wash as king john 's treasure .
our intelligence suggests that if this outrage had been successful , then the rocket flare would have gone up for a planned widespread jihadist uprising across england .
` ` it 's not rocket science , after all , '' he sighed , giving in .
only available to the military and rocket scientists .
yes , the french , said paris with some gallic pride , through their space programme , the arianne five , have become the world leaders in nano - material technology since nano - materials are also used for solid rocket propellants .
active thermitic material discovered in dust from the 9/11 world trade center catastrophe http : //www.benthamscience.com / open / tocpj / articles / v002/7tocpj.htm ? tocpj/2009/00000002/00000001/7tocpj.sgm [ 87 ] on 21 september 2001 , two explosions occurred in the outskirts of toulouse , france , destroying the azf fertilizer factory and the secret snpe rocket fuel factory .
in the dim light , i saw lauras pocket rocket vibrator poking through the folds of the duvet .
it would only be a matter of time until i d wake up again to find him sitting there on my dresser like my personal gargoyle , spouting off details about surviving in the vacuum of space while a rocket idled on my roof , blowing plumes of steam onto my balcony .
more supplies : grenades , rifles and rocket launchers .
pirates with rocket launchers .
standing , i watched a rocket arc toward the cruise ship , as the formal party flattened to the deck , their cries scraped across the short span of water .
down in one shot from the rocket launcher , i guessed .
in his last mission , he was wounded by an rocket propelled grenade that nearly killed him from the explosion and he had shrapnel wounds all over his body .
inside the equipment building , other pea men readied a rocket propelled grenade .
the warhead of the rocket exploded , lifting the massive car off the ground a few inches .
standing only thirty feet away , the rocket was aimed at the lead car , waiting for peas instruction .
nothing happened quickly , and he was about to shoot the rocket when the doors opened in the front vehicle , and three men came out , leaving their guns inside .
he felt a pulse rocket through his dick .
further along , some guys in yob - regulation sports clothing and baseball caps loitered around a car with mirrored windows and an exhaust pipe like a rocket launcher .
he then remembered sergeant de mesa and realised he was too close to the entry for the sergeant to continue giving covering fire or unleash his rocket .
the explosion had been caused by the rocket penetrating the door and then successive walls until it hit an above - ground petrol tank of some 10,000 litres immediately behind the meeting place .
stinger missiles , .50 calibre machine guns and ammunition , night vision glasses , rocket propelled grenades , walkie - talkie and long range transmitters were listed in the supplies .
` ` yes sir , does that include using the rocket pods ? ''
only three of the iriquois were fitted with the rocket pods .
each pair had one rocket armed helicopter and one armed only with the side machine gunners .
must have seen the earlier rocket launches and was nearly at its maximum speed as it turned away to increase the distance from the danger .
with a crowbar they pried the top off one of the smaller crates to find an rpg : an anti - armour man portable rocket launcher that served as a primary anti - tank weapon .
harry had revealed a well - sealed ancient crate containing the rocket launcher and grenade that ben and he had purloined from steyn back in walvis bay in the 1970s .
the only thing i m worried about is the after - blast of the rocket .
watching with baited breath , ben waited as the deadly gunships menacing nose drew level with the open aardvark hole and fell in line with the sights of the lethal rocket launcher cradled against his cheek .
it struck the percussion cap , igniting the primer and the gasses built inside the chamber to launch the rocket out of the tube at 117 metres per second .
the hearse took off like a rocket .
the invite did not say black tie and rocket launcher .
only its a rocket and you stopped .
there were beehives , brocades , bottle rockets , chrysanthemums , cones , crossettes , dragon eggs , dahlias , diadems , girandolas , peonies , strobes , wheels , and willows .
if the suits were already questioning mandy it did nt take a rocket scientist to figure out i would see them in this neighborhood sooner or later .
bombsquadnyc.com bomb squad nyc bombsquadnyc.com incident 1 : a danger to himself and others incident 2 : death march incident 3 : the long black hand incident 4 : blast from the past incident 5 : bottle rocket and more estelle ryan the gauguin connection the gauguin connection a genevieve lenard novel by estelle ryan smashwords edition all rights reserved .
planting fingerprints is not exactly rocket science .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to figure out why she did nt come home last night .
the watercraft shot off like a rocket on the fourth of july .
i ve heard they call bon bon the chocolate rocket .
he turned the damn thing on high so the balls shot out like rockets .
this bottle looks like a rocket .
with a grin james rockets into the front lawn , makes the nifty throw - down - and - hop - off maneuver he s basically perfected , and jumps up onto the porch , breezes into the shop .
okay now the sun explode , were in some serious shit , eldorado laughs , but by then , i m sure there s plenty of people loaded up with all they need on rocket ships to the next frozen rock that ll have them , whatever , we would find a way .
but of course , the first instant an opening was created , jerkoff in pickup would veer around to the right and fly up to the first bumper he encountered there , followed by a whole army of similarly inclined rocket scientists , and the jam was created anew .
none of the guys in this town are rocket scientists ... she paused .
well , except for the guys who will actually be rocket scientists , but they have issues of their own .
claude touched the toe of his right brown loafer to the chair wheel and again it shot off like a rocket to the southwest corner of the railing .
that seems impossible since meteors are rocket rocks made of iron traveling at supersonic speed .
what the hell starts frank , and there s a vehicle there , parked in between us and jason , christ knows how it avoided hitting him , it looks quite space age , the front looks like the tip of a rocket which tapers into the shape of a van at the back , but streamlined , circular , not square .
rick assembled the rocket launcher that leanne had brought along with her courtesy of the syndicate shipment they had commandeered .
he ran towards the rocket launcher and hauled it into firing position .
a chill shot through him as it consumed everything around himthe sharp , abrasive sound of a rocket being launched .
before he could even think about getting to his feet , a blinding orange trail of fire lit up the night as the rocket sped towards the barn .
paul watched helplessly as the rocket hit the fragile , wooden structure of the barn .
rick launched the rocket .
firing a rocket launcher close range in a frigging tiny wooden barn ?
mrs . turner meant well , but she could spread a rumor faster than a rocket could burn fuel .
well , when reeder handed me the folder on you , you can imagine my heart rate basically took off like a rocket .
behind the plastic , slightly inflated to have a higher pressure than outside , shed been playing with a toy rocket , bumping it uselessly against the inside of the bubble .
the machine gun fire finally paused , though only long enough for a rocket propelled grenade to be unleashed on the centre building .
it did nt take rocket science , or his personal doctor , for chris to instantly know that his already aching back had been damaged further .
they never found these so called millions that a house in chains had earned for distributing these semi - automatic guns , these explosive devices , these rocket launchers and other weapons of war that the report said was enough hardware to arm a small army .
it did nt take rocket science to figure that between her mothers social security and tracys welfare , that money was tight under the most ideal circumstances .
in my current condition i struggle getting up off the couch to take a piss let alone run down the street chasing a hyped up japanese rocket .
we ve got ta go now , they ve got rocket launchers , jake shouted .
smoke built up as was common in rocket launches .
just when they were out of harms way and into a hallway , a rocket shot through a hole in the window and exploded in the room .
instead of showing cheesy animations of a rocket launch , damion discreetly chose footage of probes and other attempts by man to descend on the planets surface .
the first one hitched a ride on an atlas rocket to join the satellite crowd looking down on planet earth .
the large transport aircraft had their rocket turbines pointed towards the improv runway in preparation for an imminent vertical takeoff .
a rocket launcher ?
he was going for the rocket launcher .
rambo reloaded the rocket launcher and fired , scoring a direct hit .
they rarely witness a rocket launch in battle , and especially one as successful as this .
the pilot looks in that direction and sees a russian soldier on an adjacent rooftop with a rocket launcher pointed at them .
i could see the road well , but steve had to sit there in complete darkness while the car took off like a rocket .
josie headed north , wondering why she 'd agreed to see hannah sheraton , and knowing it did n't take a rocket scientist to come up with the answer .
spend hours in that rocket ship you call a truck , traveling at the speed of sound ? ''
alex , its not rocket science .
yeah it do n't take a rocket scientist or a paramedic to know the explosion must ' ve burst james 's ear drums .
do n't take a rocket scientist to know that ?
a person did nt need a degree in rocket science to identify the suspects !
first , a powerful , computer - guided x - ray laser locks onto a rocket or satellite and blasts it .
the fighters peeled away but seconds later there was an enormous hiss of a rocket and the area in front of the windscreen exploded into a ball of orange flames .
` ` unless you respond by radio and alter course to prince george , the next rocket will hit your starboard engines , '' a crisp voice came through the radio speakers .
when the time comes to deal with jock cascarino and his hired thugs , what better way could there be than to make them crash and burn with their very own rocket fuel .
she walks at a measured pace , letting the rocket fuse reach its zenith .
tucked under his jacket he has a plastic box full of rocket flavoured sherbet .
billy scrambled back to the cherokee and took off like a rocket , tearing down elm street .
a ten milligram sample - the volume of a grain of sand - is hypothesized to hold as much energy as about two hundred metric tons of conventional rocket fuel . ''
the guards parted as commander olivetti entered the room like a rocket .
` ` like rocket science ? ''
` ` going up , it 's just a dumb rocket .
` ` the rocket technology is more than forty years old .
they can do the rocket production in their sleep .
he did n't look much like a rocket scientist .
the walls here were lined with massive photographs - rocket launches , submarine christenings , intercept installations - towering achievements that could be celebrated only within these walls .
the six launchpads and charred rocket towers were a good clue , but if that was not enough , the roof of one of the buildings had been painted with two enormous words : wallops island .
no failure had been more dramatic than that of august 12 , 1998 , when a nasa / air force titan 4 rocket blew up forty seconds into launch and obliterated its payload - a $ 1.2 billion nro satellite code - named vortex 2 .
` ` so tell me , '' rachel said quickly , ` ` what 's a world - famous oceanographer doing on a glacier with a bunch of nasa rocket scientists ? ''
you 're in a room full of rocket scientists ! ''
ms . ashe , i can assure you , if this bill passes , the throngs of entrepreneurs rushing into space will not be rocket scientists .
a bright red rocket .
microcosm , inc . rotary rocket company .
` ` your company has designed and manufactured a rocket that can launch payloads for as little as two thousand dollars per pound compared to nasa 's costs of ten thousand dollars per pound . ''
the investigation of the rocket explosion revealed that the nasa engineers responsible for the fuel injections system had been forced to use second - rate materials in an effort to stay on budget .
you tried to bluff a rocket scientist .
as the streaking flare bore down on the helicopter 's windshield , the rocket launcher beneath the chopper emitted its own flash of light .
the stinger 's rocket motor lit up .
then its second - stage rocket lit up and it blasted into the sky .
tough as she was , she put that rocket in his pocket , n helga 's , too , as it turned out , when he was n't but a junior in high school n prob'ly just startin to shave .
it 's probably not rocket science . ''
his glutes were in full arrest , but the snap was quick and he lunged like a rocket at maschi , who fought him off and stopped the play after a one - yard gain .
on the screen it looked like a bottle rocket flying sideways .
anyway , once the come - over has got through the strainer in berlin , he 's flown to england and the bargain gets made - you tell us all you know about the russian rocket sites and in exchange we 'll give you a new name , a british passport , and a hideout where the russians will never find you .
and i was gone like a rocket and , in ten seconds through the gears , i was doing forty .
` ` and then came his astonishing letter to the queen : ` ` your majesty , may i have the temerity ... ' and the typical genius of the single banner - line across the express next day : temerity drax , and the story of how he had given to britain his entire holding in columbite to build a super atomic rocket with a range that would cover nearly every capital in europe - the immediate answer to anyone who tried to atom - bomb london .
and now the rocket 's nearly ready .
i would n't like to chance anything going wrong with this rocket of his .
` ` and they say this rocket of his is going to be ready before long .
that is the mainspring of the gift to england of this giant rocket that will annihilate our enemies .
the moon - raker , as drax chooses to call it , is a single - stage rocket .
these drive a set of centrifugal pumps which force the main fuel into the rocket motor .
` ` more or less , '' he said , ` ` but the rocket carries all its fuel inside it , instead of sucking in oxygen from outside like the comet .
and this blast forces the rocket into the air like any other firework .
there 'll be a radar transmitter in the nose of the rocket which will pick up an echo from our gadget in the sea and home on to it automatically .
` ` if you wanted to sabotage the rocket what would be the easiest way ? ''
` ` thinks of nothing but the rocket .
of course everything 's possible , but they ' ve been tested at over 3000 degrees and , as i tell him , if they 're going to melt then the whole rocket will melt .
information is fed to them by twenty telemetering channels in the nose of the rocket .
there 's a big television screen in there too so that you can watch the behaviour of the rocket inside the shaft after the pumps have been started .
but otherwise nothing marred the silken sheen of the fifty feet of polished chrome steel except the spidery fingers of two light gantries which stood out from the walls and clasped the waist of the rocket between thick pads of foam - rubber .
where they touched the rocket , small access doors stood open in the steel skin and , as bond looked down , a man crawled out of one door on to the narrow platform of the gantry and closed the door behind him with a gloved hand .
there was a sharp whine of machinery and the gantry took its padded hand off the rocket and held it poised in the air like the forelegs of a praying mantis .
then it reached out again and seized the rocket ten feet lower down .
there was hardly a sound in the great steel shaft and the voices of the men clustered below under the tail of the rocket were no more than a murmur .
sort of controlled explosion which shoots the rocket into the air .
that steel floor under the rocket slides away .
as they filed down the long curve of the stairway , their figures grotesquely reflected back at them by the mirror of the rocket 's chromium skin , bond almost felt the man - in the - street 's affection for the man whom , only a few hours previously , he had been dissecting without pity , almost with loathing .
there were shimmers of red in it picked up from the crimson canisters of a giant foam fire - extinguisher that stood near them , a man in an asbestos suit beside it aiming its nozzle at the base of the rocket .
murder of our child , '' he gestured at the rocket .
they do not feel that ... '' still talking , walter led drax under the tail of the rocket .
agility would be needed on the gantries , and compactness for manoeuvring through the access doors and around the tiny compartments in the rocket .
the men scattered smartly about their duties and drax came up to where bond was standing , leaving walter hanging about indecisively beneath the exhaust vent of the rocket .
` ` all worked out using the rocket 's velocity and range as constants .
this was a diagram of the rocket 's flight ellipse from firing point to target .
earth and its effect on the rocket 's trajectory , '' explained drax .
` ` the earth will be turning to the east while the rocket 's in flight .
she had done this , with air ministry figures that became more and more precise as the practice shoot drew nearer , every day since the site was completed and the building of the rocket that had begun inside it , and she had become so expert that she now carried in her head the gyro settings for almost every variation in the weather at the different altitudes .
it meant that drax did n't trust her figures , and it undermined her chance of having some part , however modest , in the final launching of the rocket .
begging letters , letters from rocket cranks , and business letters from drax 's stockbroker and from other commercial agents .
so it was natural that her one duty connected with the operation of the rocket should bulk very large in the dull round , and that morning , as she checked and rechecked her flight - plan , she was more than ever determined that her figures should be accepted on the day .
the ministry of supply experts will be in a salvage ship with deep - sea television and after the rocket has landed they will try to bring up the remains .
he was gazing up at the mouth of the fuel pipe being hoist to where a gantry , outstretched to the threshold of an access door halfway up the rocket , indicated the main fuel tanks .
she said something to walter and then stood beside him looking upwards as the pipe was delicately manhandled through into the interior of the rocket .
if all this was part of something much bigger how could it be linked up with an attempt to sabotage the rocket ?
every one of the team , from sir hugo down , is heart and soul behind the rocket .
between the two , and perhaps twenty feet up the cliff face , yawned the wide black mouth of the exhaust tunnel which slanted up inside the cliff to the steel floor beneath the stern of the rocket .
he looked up at the narrow section of the launching dome that showed above the edge of the cliff two hundred feet up in the sky , and imagined the four men in their gas - masks and asbestos suits watching the gauges as the terrible liquid explosive pulsed down the black rubber tube into the stomach of the rocket .
it would be a question of firing an anti - tank weapon through the steel floor beneath the rocket , following up with some phosphorus shells and hoping that something would catch fire .
i ' ve been living with this rocket for more than a year and i ca n't bear the idea that something may happen to it .
the rocket was to be fired in less than thirty - six hours under full supervision and the security arrangements were as strict as they could possibly be .
if the rocket were fired on her flight plan it would land somewhere in france , she looked wildly at her face in the mirror over the washbasin .
then she would n't have been aiming the rocket into the middle of france after all .
this would bring the rocket down within a hundred yards of buckingham palace .
through this ceiling , through this chair , into the ground , the thin needle of the rocket .
in any case , whether the rocket was a success or not , there could be no possible reaction on british financial credit .
there the gleaming rocket stood , beautiful , innocent , like a new toy for cyclops .
` ` after he 's gone , we could alter the gyros back , back to the old flight plan , then the rocket will simply fall into the north sea where it 's supposed to go . ''
wo n't that pull the rocket off its course and back on to london ? ''
` ` the rocket wo n't even pick up its signal .
there was a soft hiss from the hydraulic machinery behind the wall and the two semi - circles of steel opened beneath the tail of the rocket and slid back into their grooves .
it filled the great steel chamber like the beating heart in poe 's story and bond knew that directly drax at the firing point pressed the switch that sent the radio beam zing ing over two hundred yards to the waiting rocket , the ticking would suddenly cease , there would be the soft whine of the lighted pinwheel , a wisp of steam from the turbines , and then the howling jet of flame on which the rocket would slowly rise and sweep majestically out on the start of its gigantic acceleration curve .
it filled the great steel chamber like the beating heart in poe 's story and bond knew that directly drax at the firing point pressed the switch that sent the radio beam zing ing over two hundred yards to the waiting rocket , the ticking would suddenly cease , there would be the soft whine of the lighted pinwheel , a wisp of steam from the turbines , and then the howling jet of flame on which the rocket would slowly rise and sweep majestically out on the start of its gigantic acceleration curve .
and then in front of him there was the spidery arm of the gantry folded back against the wall and bond 's hand was at the lever and the arm was slowly stretching down and out towards the square hairline on the glittering skin of the rocket that was the door of the gyro chamber .
` ` ... ignited by the pinwheel when the fuel gets to the rocket motor ... '' ` ` four . ''
` ` ... pumping the flaming fuel through the motor out of the stern of the rocket into the exhaust pit .
television screen shows a little steam coming out of the tail of the rocket .
but the rocket .
the submarine went off like a rocket , haha , must be doing more than thirty knots .
but we shall only catch the rocket for a split second .
the salvage ship that was to look after the remains of the rocket is over her now .
' we had a similar experience in the case of the german , drax , and the rocket .
the rocket had been an army operation and its failure had been laid at the door of g.r.u .
the rocket affair was three years ago .
and from time to time a rocket soars up on its way a hundred , five hundred miles into the atlantic .
then , suddenly , our pulses go out to the rocket , its brain is confused , it goes mad , it plunges into the sea , it destroys itself , it roars off at a tangent .
we track many practice shoots without being able to get through to the brain of the new rocket .
up in the stratosphere the rocket acknowledges our signal .
the bazooka shuddered slightly and the ten - pound armour - piercing rocket was on its way .
we ' ve only got the joint rocket base at a place called northwest cay at the eastern end of the grand bahamas .
but a rocket base would fit all right .
want me to give the rocket base a buzz ?
this is grand bahama rocket base .
then , through his glasses , bond saw a wisp of steam coming from the base of the rocket .
not like bomber bases and firing pads and so on you can track down and put out of action with your first rocket wave . ''
then , if the captain 's willing , we 'll take the northwest channel -- -if the disco sails , that is -- -and bank on the bahamas rocket station being target no .
above the island , on top of the tall rocket gantries that showed as indistinct black skeletons , the red aircraft warning lights winked on and off .
it 's powered by its own little rocket motor , basically .
` ` it 's not rocket science , '' i said .
` ` he went up like a bottle rocket . ''
` ` it 's an anti - tank rocket launcher .
` ` rpg means rocket propelled grenade , '' he said .
` ` in russian it means reaktivniy protivotankovyi granatomet , rocket anti - tank grenade launcher .
the house went up like a rocket .
jamie opted for a magnificent rocket , while collette had surprised no one with her little mermaid - themed effort .
if he could secure the kruger - brent account , or any part of it , his career would rise like a rocket .
at seven o'clock sharp , a rocket flew into the air to signal that the gates of the corral had been opened .
moments later a second rocket went up to warn the town that the bulls were running .
as a rule , it took two minutes for the animals to gallop the nine hundred yards along the calle santo domingo to the arena , and the moment the bulls were safely in the corral , a third rocket was sent into the air .
on this day , the third rocket did not go off , for an incident occurred that had never before happened in pamplona 's four - hundred - year history of the running of the bulls .
` ` calm down , rocket man .
after two quick interviews , with photos , he was driven to the mccomb airstrip , where he boarded a lear 55 , a handsome little jet built like a rocket , although , as ron could n't help but notice , much smaller than the g5 that had whisked him to washington .
anyway , his schedule is called the rocket docket because he moves things along .
murl bowen loved his size , speed , and rocket throws from center field .
` ` how about something as simple as bazooka - type rocket launchers with canisters ?
a dozen rocket launchers , much less hundreds , would be spotted instantly . ''
` ` 4speaking of air , '' the balding major interrupted with a touch of irritation , ` ` no missile or rocket or plane can penetrate our airspace without being detected far in advance and getting shot down either by antiaircraft cannon fire or by our own missiles .
as for offensive weaponry , they 're carrying a full complement of hellfire antitank missiles , three m230 thirty - millimeter chain guns , and twelve hydra 70 rockets , which are fired from the m261 nineteen - tube rocket launcher .
as for offensive weaponry , they 're carrying a full complement of hellfire antitank missiles , three m230 thirty - millimeter chain guns , and twelve hydra 70 rockets , which are fired from the m261 nineteen - tube rocket launcher .
there was a small chirrup as the hydra 70 rocket was fired .
the advantage of choosing this particular area was threefold : it was rugged terrain , identical to that of iran ; it was sparsely populated ; and the people here knew him because he 'd made more than a dozen runs for dimitri maslov and then semion icoupov , trading semi - automatic rifles , grenades , rocket launchers , and so forth to the armenian tribal leaders who were waging a continuous guerrilla war against the azerbaijani regime , just as they had against the soviets until the fall of the soviet empire .
it was the death of the gang 's head enforcer , along with his family , that galvanized arkadin : you did n't need to be a rocket scientist to figure out that lev antonin was going to be the unknown killer 's next target .
in central khartoum the hideous chinese - built friendship hall , and the weird futuristic al - fateh building , so like the nose cone of an immense rocket , mixed uneasily with the traditional mosques and ancient pyramids of the city , but the unsettling juxtaposition was a sign of the times'hide - bound muslim religion seeking its way in the alien modern world .
throwing it aside , he wrenched a luger from a holster on one of the soldiers , checked that it was loaded , and ran toward where arkadin stood , spread - legged , the rocket launcher on his right shoulder .
the car took off like a rocket , gaining on the semi with little difficulty .
in city centre , they cruised past the modern and peculiarly unsettling hallgrimskirkja church , looking like a rocket ship out of science fiction .
i do n't know what goes on in there , but you do n't have to be a rocket scientist to figure it out .
your husband is primed , the possibilities implanted , and then he 's shot up like a nuclear rocket .
i could blow him away with a rocket , so he 's somewhere else . ''
` ` i ' ve got everything but a moon rocket , most of which i ca n't operate . ''
from her vantage point three miles away , megan olson stared in awe at the space shuttle , mated to the giant external tank and the two slightly smaller solid rocket boosters .
after the external tank blew and the shuttle exploded , the solid rocket boosters kept going .
then she lit it up like a rocket and headed north .
but its main trick is to stand off so far that no battlefield shell or rocket or kinetic device can even reach it .
a pair of ominous metal covers over the door slid up to reveal dark tubes that could contain anything from paint guns to rocket launchers .
the mossad 's agents in the baaka valley forwarded a list of the currently most favoured merchandise , including the usual crates of repeating weapons , hand grenades , time - fused explosives , black pvc landing craft , long - range underwater tank and demolition accoutrements and assorted training and assault equipment , such as grappling hooks , heavy ropes and rope ladders , infrared binoculars , electronic mortars , flamethrowers and anti - aircraft rocket missiles .
among the items were infrared binoculars with smashed lenses , rope ladders with their rungs severed , grappling hooks without points , underwater oxygen tanks with holes drilled in the cylinders ; flamethrowers , their nozzles crushed together guaranteeing instant incineration to whoever operated them and anyone within thirty yards ; rocket missile launchers without detonating caps , and again , as ahmat had projected , landing craft held up to show where the seams had been split , all of which threw the manic crowd into paroxysms of rage over the betrayal .
possible vc rocket attack , launch site grid coordinates at384341 , between 0200 and 0300 this morning .
we 're talking about a learning curve like a rocket . ''
some type of mortar or rocket launcher .
but could it withstand a rocket attack from a few hundred feet away ?
the rocket launcher pivoted .
bullets now whirred through the air toward the rocket launcher .
flames erupted as a rocket left the launcher .
the rocket never found the ground , and a second and third never fired .
the rocket launcher had fired only once , and the projectile had not found the presidential limousine .
he straddled a metal structure and jerked the device one way , then another , finally directing its rifle fire toward the rocket launcher , destroying its electronics just as the weapon fired .
you 'd think it would have been hard to ignore a rocket propelling out into the sky , leaving a trail of smoke in its wake .
a few had heard the bangs and seen the rocket .
a final rocket from the third chopper ended its misery .
roger the rocket , because he struck fast and hard .
a frightening thought hit : if clay was forced to trial in d.c . , goffman would not hesitate to send roger the rocket into battle there .
it was a three - foot , four - inch - bore , shoulder - hoisted rocket launcher .
we take whoever comes in , show them your rocket blaster aimed at their boat , and make it clear that one hostile move and it 's exit - city . ''
` ` we 'll see what scoots in , '' replied scofield , his rocket launcher in place between the rocks .
scofield ducked as the light shot over his head , behind the rocks and the hidden rocket launcher .
jesus , sir , it does n't take a rocket scientist to see the connection ! ''
donna 's throat was dry with fear , because the images she was monitoring indicated a heat plume like those emitted by rocket launches .
about a quarter mile away he spied a rocket trail and followed the missile on its trajectory .
does n't take a rocket scientist . ''
then again , it does n't take a rocket scientist . ''
they 're known only to the elite of the german high command - underground bunkers , rocket emplacements , supply depots , even the fhrer 's command post .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that there was something going on between them .
a polite , dutiful , left - handed , dull , conventional , normal person , solidly educated , but no kind of a rocket scientist .
it ai n't rocket science . ''
the pole the motel sign was set on was disguised with painted plywood to look like a space rocket resting on a tripod of slim fins .
it 's not rocket science . '
' apollo like the space rocket ? '
' exactly like the space rocket . '
it ai n't exactly rocket science . '
from the north he could see nothing of it except the rocket sign and the big round lounge .
the angle he was at and the way the fireball rose and then smoked and died made the motel sign look real , like it was a genuine working rocket , like it was blasting off for the infinite emptiness of space .
when they leave , he thinks , it 'll be like a rocket launch .
we ca n't explain why the whole place did n't go up like a rocket . ''
andy felt that soft rush of heat again , a displacement of air , as if a hot slug thrown at rocket speed had just passed his nose .
the fixture flew the length of the stable like a rocket payload and caromed off the far wall .
all that remained of the house on the other side was smoky rubble ; it was as if the place had been hit by a large incendiary bomb or a world war ii v - rocket .
poppy had n't exactly been a rocket scientist , but she was shrewd , and practical , and a follower of world and local events .
phil clung to his seat like a rocket to its booster , as if the countdown had already begun and any second he 'd shoot up through the roof .
` ` well , if you did , you 'd see that the three killers were n't exactly rocket scientists .
man , i bet that gets her off like a bottle rocket on the fourth of july . ''
i could smell sulfur in the air from a recently discharged bottle rocket , and the moist evening hung like an untaken breath in that bruised hue between deep blue and sudden black .
` ` chris and cheese ai n't rocket scientists . ''
the wheels of the unit spewed gravel and kicked up clouds of dust as the cop blew out onto the road , turned on his lights , and sped down the asphalt so fast he could have been shot from a rocket booster .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that mortimer had sent men out to find his vehicle after he 'd been captured .
` ` well , that 's not a rocket in my pocket pressing on you , '' he said dryly .
he said , ` maggie 's no rocket scientist , but once shegets hold of something she 's just like a little bull terrier . '
` ` i still don'tthink you 're a rocket scientist .
it did n't seem like it should be rocket science though .
time stood still while destiny watched her hurtle across the room like a small rocket .
destiny leapt into the air , bursting into the sky like a rocket .
carrow covered ruby 's eyes just as it connected with the force of a rocket .
` ` you took one look at him and your heartbeat shot off like a rocket .
she 'd run so fast that one of her sister 's pink mules had shot off her foot like a rocket and flown way up in the air .
` ` rocket launchers , '' michael said .
` ` all he really needs to do is set a bomb or use a rocket launcher , and you , this building , and the fravardin are all dust . ''
my eyelids shot open like a rocket .
` ` her heartbeat shot off like a rocket the minute you stepped into the room . ''
the breath xhex had n't been aware of holding slowly eased out of her lungs , a singing relief elevating her mood sure as if her heart had been put on a rocket to the moon .
shit , she smelled fantastic , her scent lighter and more citrusy than wellsie 's ... yet still like rocket fuel in his veins .
not exactly rocket science with these homo sapiens .
he loved to brawl , and heads were his favorite punching bags - but vishous really wished the bastard would take up fencing or , even better , get into rocket launchers .
the wind resisted , trying vainly to fight the unconquerable gravity , pushing against me and twirling me in spirals like a rocket crashing to the earth .
elena remembered it exploding , shooting up into the sky like a rocket , disintegrating as it went .
` ` those of you who have read the contract '' - the emphasis left me in no doubt who that particular comment was aimed at , but then , it did n't exactly take a rocket scientist to work that out - ` ` will no doubt be aware that there is one final test on reaching the estate - an obstacle course .
` ` i ' m with big dave on this , '' said lanny ham , shooting up from his seat like a rocket .
but the new elena was bewildered , what with her strange new blood that to vampires was like rocket fuel compared to the gasoline most girls carried about in their veins .
it was like rocket fuel compared to the gasoline found in other girls'veins .
the huge roots in the ground underneath them were bucking as if there was an earthquake , and then - there was a deafening sound as the trunk of the great tree exploded straight upward like a rocket , disintegrating to fine ash as it went .
her blood was rocket fuel compared to the unleaded gasoline in most girls .
pushing off with her legs , meredith burst from the tunnel like a rocket .
when he sprang , his slender body launched into the air like a rocket .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure that one out . ''
they took off like a rocket , shooting straight up into the sky .
mari had n't had a pocket rocket in her bag for no reason .
her claws sank into the clean , cinnamon trunk , and she shot up like a rocket .
it does n't take a rocket scientist ( or a noctalis ) to figure out what she 's doing here .
though right now , a rocket launcher might be nice too .
better yet , a rocket launcher .
the necessity of the rocket launcher and blasting caps remained to be seen .
nick looked over his shoulder to see madaug with a rocket launcher .
the rocket exploded in the door , sending glass and zombie parts everywhere .
she might be tall , but she 'd be no match for the zombies , who continued coming while madaug tried to reload the rocket launcher with another round .
` ` i wonder why no one called the police about the rocket launcher ?
his gaze went to madaug , who was still cradling the rocket launcher .
i hope that do n't mean you 're going to throw me in a rocket and launch my butt into outer space . ''
only now it 's not just guns , it 's rocket launchers , grenades , mines ... whatever can kill lots of people at once , that 's what i ' m concealing .
the sheriff looked down at his hat as he said , ` ` you know it 's all over the internet hate groups that you have some fabulous cache of guns and grenades and rocket launchers hidden away somewhere .
so the next time someone wiggles her ass before you , you 'll take off like a rocket ?
a werewolf who can outrun me , who can bend metal into roses with his fingers , and who could grab julie in case of trouble and take off like a rocket never to be caught by freaky broads with deepwater teeth .
you can fire a rocket launcher at that thing and it wo n't even sneeze . ''
we might as well load our evidence into a rocket and send it to the moon .
if the keepers launched a rocket into our parking lot , not every vehicle would go up in flames .
they rose , like ancient rockets , straight into the sky .
some held even more deadly devices than guns or knives , like rocket launchers .
but what really held my attention was the rocket launcher max had balanced on his shoulder .
` ` iwas going to blow up your car before you even pulled into the driveway , '' max said in a genial tone , nodding at the rocket launcher , ` ` but then i saw you were alone .
but not before this rocket plows right through your mother , and would n't that be a shame . ''
max set the rocket launcher down , but that did n't do me nearly as much good now as it would have a few minutes ago .
he did n't want to risk the chance that one of patra 's people had somehow followed us from the wreckage of hykso 's plane and was waiting near the compound with a rocket launcher like max had .
i had n't told him anything about my uncle , but it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out the man was n't wanted here .
and if they were smart , they 'd charge right back in here with heavier artillery , like rocket launchers .
the gun resembled some kind of mini rocket launcher , and to make matters worse , the demons behind this one were juggling two grown chupacabras on straining leashes , snapping their pointy teeth at us .
or a rocket launcher ?
the word flashed through my mind like a rocket and suddenly my wolf stood at attention , front and center in my mind .
hope flared in elena 's heart with all the intensity of a fourth of july sky rocket .
samuel had never been here before , suspended in the air , thrusting into a woman , sucking down her blood and with a potion in his groin readying him to fire off like a rocket .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out about your grandmother , or you .
surrounding them were crates , boxes and supports filled with grenades , bullets , shells , rocket launchers and all sorts of weapons .
nathan stared at the night sky as the first bottle rocket went up and exploded nearly a quarter of a mile away .
still unconscious , she was dead weight against ashe , so he misted her to the front door of sali 's home , became solid long enough to ring the doorbell and then turned to mist again , shooting like a rocket through the walls and straight into sali 's bedroom .
` ` i think that 's a yes , '' ashe laughed and tossed the frisbee , chortling and snorting when sali took off like a rocket to chase it , paws scrabbling on new grass and fur rippling as he raced away .
yes , some of the human companions were males , and there was n't any way they could fight off vampires , dark elemaiya or enhanced humans armed with rifles or rocket launchers .
i turned to mist , pulled him into my mist and we went through the ceiling like a rocket .
one even had a rocket launcher .
they had rocket launchers , tony , i gave the mental shout - the helicopter was so noisy i could barely hear myself think .
the fbi was now removing bodies from the helicopter , along with two rocket launchers when tony and his three agents walked up .
that baby had a nasty - looking rocket launcher attached .
the rocket launcher fired and a gaping hole was blasted in the wall with a resounding boom , sending bricks and debris flying and bouncing across winkler 's manicured lawn .
i grabbed one man 's gun and caved his face in with the butt of it before flinging the rifle toward the man operating the rocket launcher .
somebody else was now climbing toward the rocket launcher .
` ` i hear that the barrel of the rocket launcher was bent , '' one reporter said .
while i appreciate that , things like the bent rocket launcher do n't go unnoticed .
something - a rocket failing ?
` ` an emergency distress rocket .
if something goes wrong , just get in the distress rocket and come back . ''
i look up at the escape rocket .
i think about the escape rocket chris showed me , the thing i ' m supposed to use if something goes wrong .
the escape rocket chris told me about is smaller than it seemed from the ground .
` ` i am currently in the escape rocket .
` ` i ' m in the escape rocket right now , '' i say .
i sit in the cockpit of the escape rocket , and i think about what i 'll be sacrificing to make peace between us .
before bartie gets everyone and everything strapped down , i get inside the escape rocket and detach from the auto - shuttle .
using the manual controls , i maneuver the escape rocket directly behind godspeed .
i disconnect the com link and watch as the auto - shuttle breaks from godspeed and shoots away , a stream of rocket fire blasting out as it heads for the planet .
this escape rocket seems tiny compared to the hulking mass of godspeed , but i know , from that same book that orion gave me , that a tiny tugboat can move a massive ship .
fortunately , the bottom of the escape rocket extends farther out than the cockpit , but it 'll still be a near thing , especially if i have too much speed .
and there will be me , in my tiny rocket , swallowed whole .
the escape rocket and godspeed , on a crash course toward the space station .
the escape rocket only has two directions : to go to the space station or to come back here , to the compound .
the escape rocket .
a jagged scar in the earth shows where the escape rocket skidded to a halt against the ground .
it long ago quit smoldering , but i can smell smoke clinging to the burnt - out trees that must have been engulfed by the flames shooting out of the thruster at the back of the escape rocket .
the front of the escape rocket is crumpled like paper , the pointed nose flat , sharp edges of metal exposed .
i climb over the broken wing of the escape rocket , grappling to find something to hold onto as i make my way to the cockpit .
i whirl around so fast that i lose my tentative hold on the edge of the escape rocket , crashing down and landing with a metallic thud on the wing .
` ` as soon as godspeed hit the space station , the escape rocket lost its connection , '' elder says as soon as i relinquish his mouth so he can talk rather than kiss me .
see you blow a snot rocket ?
he was a pretty forgettable guy , except for his car - this ridiculously souped - up honda , the kind kids at school referred to as a rice rocket .
` ` like you did n't launch yourself outta that tube like a rocket when that fish bit your ass . ''
this is n't rocket science .
but it takes off twenty minutes before noon and there is this awesome noise when the rockets are ignited - and then these massive clouds explode from the bottom of the ship and billow out forever and ever along the horizon and then it rises real slow ... pushed upward by what looks like a bright cone of orange lava , and a long tower of clouds forms in its wake .
` ` you do n't talk about your parents flying around outer space in a rocket ship .
my dad had found me , curled up on the couch in his study , pages spread all around me like a bottle rocket had exploded in the box .
compared to link , i looked like a rocket scientist .
what 's next , julia wondered , code names and tubes of lipstick that double as rocket launchers ?
` ` a crotch rocket ? ''
` ` it 's more than a crotch rocket .
fury blasted through me like a rocket .
` ` it 's rocket scientist , '' caleb corrected as he tugged down his hood and pulled off his cap .
i have to tell you- '' he shot up like a rocket , knocking me flat on my back .
assuming someone did n't shoot a rocket at me next .
i will always come for you had climbed the charts like a rocket and was holding at number eight .
` ` they 'll have some artists who take off like a rocket and sell millions and some that fall flat .
natalia continued , ` ` this is n't rocket science , eric .
and you do n't have to be a rocket scientist to know israel is smack dab in the middle of a war zone .
it 's like he was riding a rocket , not a thoroughbred .
i ' m giving all these reasons as if these are why i ca n't go , when in truth , willem might as well be suggesting i hop a rocket to the moon .
standing in the very middle of the building , tall and proud , alone , is a white rocket that extends all the way to the apex of the ceiling .
then all three scatter around the rocket , preparing it .
just before the three of them climb inside the rocket , someone runs up with a bundle that looks like a swaddled child , though i ca n't see well enough to tell .
and then from nowhere an explosion occurs inside the building and i see the beginnings of fire shoot from the bottom of the rocket , a fire that quickly grows , a fire that consumes everything inside the building .
in the rocket that left after ours .
` ` they loaded the rocket with supplies , fifty or so boxes and duffel bags .
` ` into the rocket inside the museum ? ''
i was inside a large , domed building with nothing inside of it but a rocket .
why were they loading animals into a rocket ?
a rocket with loric fuel would have been able to make it that far .
` ` why did n't you mention that before , when i first told you about the rocket ? ''
after he leaves i lie there thinking of the animals , of the rocket , of henri 's family and how i ' m sure he never got the chance to say good - bye to them .
i twist the pillow over and over in the air with my telekenisis and then send it like a rocket at the television , shutting it off .
` ` it took off in an old rocket that kind of looked like a nasa shuttle .
with a loud blast , the discharged rocket surges towards crayton .
i stare at the rocket 's tip and raise my hands , concentrating harder than i ever have , and at the very last instant i ' m able to slightly alter the rocket 's path .
i stare at the rocket 's tip and raise my hands , concentrating harder than i ever have , and at the very last instant i ' m able to slightly alter the rocket 's path .
there 's the sound of another rocket nearing , but the tires catch and we go racing down calle principal .
a second later the rocket smashes into the ground just behind the speeding truck we dove from .
it hits the edge of the chasm caused by the rocket , and dives right into the tremendous hole .
i thought he was killed when that first rocket struck .
a soldier drops out of a red van and sets a rocket launcher onto his shoulder .
the soldier has our truck in his crosshairs , but before he can pull the trigger i rip the rocket launcher off his shoulder and slam one end into his belly .
i point the rocket launcher at his face .
the rocket flies out of my launcher and a wave of fire explodes under the pickup , blowing it thirty feet into the air .
though i ' m invisible , the army knows a shoulder rocket was fired from where i ' m standing .
a rocket enters the cave , blasting the wall nearest crayton .
a rocket hits the far wall , separating it completely from the mountain .
i pick up a rocket launcher but nine says it wo n't fit in the trunk .
my head snaps back as the tram takes off like a rocket .
we should have brought that rocket launcher ! '
' we do n't need a rocket launcher , ' i realize , jumping out of the car .
a small plume of smoke escapes from the top of one of the vehicles , and i turn the rocket it just fired around with my mind , slamming it into a sand dune .
it 's supposed to be like a rocket ship ? ''
i try not to look at the dead girl as anu reaches above the chair and lowers a metal cylinder down from the ceiling , covered with circuitry that would n't look out of place on the inside of a rocket .
daemon shot off that couch like a rocket , simultaneously flipping into his true form .
they back away , revealing a rocket .
april aims , but before she pulls the trigger , the rocket loses momentum and spirals downward .
he seemed to shrink before me , diminishing to a point infinitesimally small : he the earth and i the rocket ship blasting into the outer atmosphere .
i still do n't understand why he thought you 'd want to know about how to properly perform a bl*w j*b . i mean , it 's not rocket science . ''
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that marco is hanging with the big boys outside of school .
toby was obsessed with fireworks ; he kept a stash of bottle rockets at the base of the tree and often set them off through his tree house 's skylight .
the spark sped rapidly up the wick , and the rocket launched .
cassie passed a bottle rocket and a book of matches to emily .
she stepped back just as the rocket launched into the sky with a high - pitched wail .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that what i ' m doing to him is wrong .
` ` this is n't rocket science . ''
the orbiter and its rocket assembly were indeed floating about a hundred and fifty feet in the air .
` ` i still miss my rocket ship , sir . ''
they are for the people who already fly private jets and who are building rocket ships for fun . ''
with his thick , stiff dick rubbing against the front walls of my vag**a and his thumb pressing against my clit , i shot off like a rocket , muffling my cries in my own hand .
letting go of the buoy , i took off like a rocket .
i slip my feet down into my rocket dog loafers - or as andrew calls them , the ugliest shoes he 's ever seen - and then start brushing out my hair .
fiery flowers burst like rockets from our table , exploded in the air above our heads , and their remnants misted to the table , chairs and floor beneath us like snow .
it wo n't be rocket science to prove .
the bathroom stalls were decorated with glow - in - the - dark star stickers , and the trash cans were in the shapes of rocket ships .
and if forced to make the choice , i did n't know which one i 'd rather drink : a rice rocket on its last leg created in the worst decade for cars ever or sitting sandwiched between the snot and stench lurking in a public bus .
the motojet is like this sleek silver dirt bike , only it can fly and has these cool machine guns and rocket launchers .
` ` one time shane set off a bottle rocket in the bathroom and randy never woke up . ''
purple sunsets , bluebells , jonquils , queen anne 's lace , a crystal - clear stream winding through the valley , a big red silo the size of a rocket ship .
the guy fighting the undercard on the next ufc fight had laid down his crotch rocket on the highway in l.a .
i think about shooting up into the sky like a rocket , streaking past clouds , brushing the treetops .
i shot off like a rocket when he first entered me and came two more times before i went into my post sex coma .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to guess that am thought that guys standing up for girls was a thing rarer than an eclipse .
` ` like , we 're not supposed to use them or- '' ` ` the original magic that created paladins did n't take things like guns , or grenades , or - or rocket launchers into account .
but a rocket launcher sounds a lot more useful than a sword . ''
he does n't even know if he can lift it anymore , but he does , and although he 's never used it , it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure it out .
a rocket has hit the base of the steeple behind us .
did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out those three things were connected .
there is a flare from the junk and a rocket goes skyward , trailing sparks .
we watch the rocket rise , then we hold our breath as it falls , twenty yards to port .
which is good , for the next rocket lands square on the fantail and sets up a fierce flame .
but most astonishing of all , the force of the explosions actually lifted the enormous giant clear off his feet , like a rocket .
though without sight , he sensed that he was shooting skyward ; it felt like being in an elevator strapped to a rocket engine .
a rocket or a jackal ?
not a rocket , she hopes .
` ` i think he was a rocket , '' she sniffles .
nate suffered the electric jolt as well , muscles clenching involuntarily , but while the man went cartwheeling across the lawn , nate took off like a rocket .
he soared upward like a rocket , reached the top of the building at the apex of his flight , and landed gently .
davina , on the other , was like a rocket , bright , on point , and utterly graceful .
he 'd always thought that if she 'd been born fifteen years later , she might have been a doctor or , maybe , right up there with those real - life rocket scientists .
why , i bet there 's a chucky rocket scientist in the mix , somewhere .
a rocket of pain exploded into his pelvis , and then he was gasping , rolling , trying to find his footing .
a red rocket of pain raced into her right ankle .
a rocket of pain shot into his elbow .
the dog took off like a rocket , and ellie was right behind , screaming , ` ` go , mina , go , mina , go , go , go ! ''
in a few moments , he thought he might not care , because he could feel that one weird rocket of strength ebbing and big earl still there , this hulking presence at the edge of his mind , withdrawing , yes , but only as a grudging wave does from the shore : so far , and no further , because the ocean is remorseless and eternal - and it would be easy , so easy to stop fighting , to let earl swamp him , drown him .
but he was n't any kind of rocket scientist .
like a rocket , she was gone , blazing a path toward the nut tree the squirrel scampered up .
` ` a rocket scientist ? ''
it did n't take rocket science to figure it out .
it 's not your rice rocket .
i ' m not a rocket scientist ( only because rockets do n't interest me ) , but i did n't think radios were supposed to do that .
i ' m not a rocket scientist ( only because rockets do n't interest me ) , but i did n't think radios were supposed to do that .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure it out . ''
it was n't rocket science . ''
i hissed as i sprang to my feet and shot out of my bedchambers like a rocket .
my pulse took off like a rocket and i hurried to where my mother and father stood .
he was toting what looked like an oversized bazooka , but i figured it was probably a rocket launcher .
op nine opened one of the overhead compartments and pulled out something that looked like a cross between an elephant gun and a rocket launcher .
` ` i think he 's got a rocket launcher ! ''
i raised the handheld rocket launcher and took dead aim at his little spanish smile .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to figure that out , seth , i pointed out .
you guys operate well , that car must have cost more than the rocket i m driving .
~~~~ chapter 18 president malcolm mugubutu came to power on the back of a rocket propelled grenade , and even before his immediate predecessor had been safely tucked up in his coffin he had started making his plans - to find somewhere safe for all that money that he intended to make , but he had an aversion to flying ; three of his predecessors had aircraft related accidents , if you can call one heat seeking ground to air missile , and two suitcase bombs accidents , so it would have to be by other means .
one thing that we certainly did nt need to do was switch on our navigation lights , with all the rockets and flares in the air it was brighter than day .
and so it was , rocket after rocket painted the colors of the rainbow into the night sky accompanied by noisy fire crackers , roman candles , glitter and spinners and comets .
and so it was , rocket after rocket painted the colors of the rainbow into the night sky accompanied by noisy fire crackers , roman candles , glitter and spinners and comets .
taylor had nt been as proud of himself since he aced his first flight review in a rocket fighter .
i said , do n't look so worried , you wo n't get any argument out of me , i agree the more things we have on board that go boom , the better i feel , any hidden torpedo tubes or rocket launchers ?
i bet this is faster than a rocket !
you would nt want to attempt a manned mission to the moon if you could nt even hit it with a rocket , would you ?
its another rocket , stated sharianna , as they approached the site .
sharianna pointed to a large piece that looked like part of the outer hull of the rocket .
i heard that they had recently sent a rocket to the moon , confirmed dad .
that would be extremely interesting , agreed dad , as he pushed forward on the stick and the robot took a step forward , flattening the large piece of debris from the india rocket .
the mig commander must have anticipated the movements of the ufo because the rockets were deployed in a star pattern , with only the center rocket heading straight for them .
the mig commander must have anticipated the movements of the ufo because the rockets were deployed in a star pattern , with only the center rocket heading straight for them .
they saw a vapor trail from a rocket that had been launched from north korea , but they easily veered to the right , flying over south korea , and it exploded harmlessly in the air .
that was close , that rocket almost hit us , cried sharianna .
the adventure of the rocket bike !
do not build and pilot your own rocket bike .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * the adventure of the rocket bike !
there article he showed was entitled , build your own rocket bike !
the caption explained that the rocket bike had a top speed in excess of 60 mph .
what s a rocket bike got to do with burping ?
a rocket expels a jet of gas through its nozzle .
while the result of the rocket is a propulsive force called thrust .
in this rocket bike , the thrust propels the rider from 0 to 60 in about 5 seconds .
in fact , the rocket bike will beat a stock porsche in a drag race .
one time , mr . sinclair even modified his largest rocket , taking the parachute out and stuffing the payload container full of silver iodide crystals .
he and charlie fired the rocket into the next big black cloud that came by .
the rocket seeded the cloud with silver iodide and down came a shower .
so anyway , we have lots of rocket experience .
but not this kind of rocket experience .
the rocket bike was a different kind of animal .
it was a hybrid rocket that burned a combination of nitrous oxide and roofing tar .
and we had to build the rocket motors ourselves .
but , working together , it was surprising how fast and easy , building the rocket bike turned out to be .
we finished off the rocket by fitting a nozzle to the back .
after test firing a couple of times at an old limestone quarry west of town , we decided we were ready for the first manned launch of the rocket bike .
at these speeds with a homemade rocket you ca nt be too careful .
charlie gave the rocket bike one last walk around inspection .
he checked to make sure all the rocket mountings were bolted securely .
all rangers stand clear of the rocket bick , bogdon announced .
an electrical charge hit the igniter on a small model rocket engine in the combustion chamber and for about two seconds the model rocket engine fired , causing the roofing tar to begin burning .
an electrical charge hit the igniter on a small model rocket engine in the combustion chamber and for about two seconds the model rocket engine fired , causing the roofing tar to begin burning .
but , even though the rocket was throttling back charlies forward motion continued to climb .
just like we planned , the rocket burned through the last of the roofing tar .
seeing the sheriff in hot pursuit of charlie sinclair and our rocket bike , freddie paraphrased those immortal words of apollo 13 , bogdon , we have a problem .
it had never occurred to us we might be violating the law by launching our rocket bike .
finally bogdon spoke up , well , at least the rocket bike was a success .
so , the granite falls rangers officially shutdown the project rocket bike .
i think we were all pretty sad about saying good bye to the rocket bike .
so the rocket bike had him dreaming of a new speed record and a chance to become freddie the rocket boy .
so the rocket bike had him dreaming of a new speed record and a chance to become freddie the rocket boy .
well , from this day forward , we are officially rocket scientists , toby proclaimed .
we are bona fide , built one ourselves , rocket scientists .
that was the day we officially became rocket scientists and ate ice cream until we almost puked .
and , we put the rocket bike safely away in mothballs .
but , even though we did not realize it at the time , events were already in motion that would lead to a return of the rocket bike .
and , slow poke freddie would eventually get his chance to become freddie the rocket boy .
like a rocket the hollow mannequin , much lighter than charlie sinclair , shot upward .
you do nt see me building fortresses in your strategy games or fragging space marines with rocket launchers in your shoot - em - up games .
the jato rocket was strapped to the back of the sled , a crude , but probably effective , fuse had been devised , and a seat for the passenger was improvised in the front .
the rocket , now free of what presumed to control it , spun in circles on the ice before taking off in the direction of the ski - way .
hot on its tail was a r.p.g . , rocket propelled grenade .
it did nt take a rocket scientist to figure out where she was leading , or trying to be led .
but the grenade rounds contained an explosive core , similar to that of a russian rpg rocket .
but it was nt exactly rocket science .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to figure it out , jacob .
though he had known the difference between a firecracker and a bottle rocket , that had been about the extent of his firework knowledge .
on the beach below , roman candles burst , fire flowers bloomed , bottle rockets flared , and cherry bombs exploded in a fusillade of orange sparks and raging fire that would have left francis scott key lost for words .
his heart skipped a beat when lucas turned his gaze to the dune above , toward the bottle rocket sticks pointing down toward the wreck .
the a-4 rocket is an extremely sophisticated piece of machinery .
and the v-2 rocket ?
von brauns pet projectthe a-4 , or as it has been re - designated by reich command , the v-2 rocket .
i saw a rocket , a big one , maybe thirty feet tall , but heydrich did nt have much confidence in it .
he did nt care about von brauns dreaded vengeance weapons , the v-1 robot plane and the v-2 rocket , if it even worked .
chapter 17 : final vengeance _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ wernher von brauns latest rocket was sixty - four feet from its three bell - shaped rockets to its lance - tipped warhead , fully twice as tall as any of his previous mechanical miracles .
chapter 17 : final vengeance _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ wernher von brauns latest rocket was sixty - four feet from its three bell - shaped rockets to its lance - tipped warhead , fully twice as tall as any of his previous mechanical miracles .
at first , the professor had been reluctant to build a v2 rocket so large .
there was a loud crackle followed by the booming but cordial voice of the rocket master himself .
ca nt you see the rocket is about to go off ?
there was a collective scream of terror as the ponderous rocket teetered precariously on its titanium launch pad threatening to crash headlong on the gathered germans like a great , iron pine tree .
the rocket master was lucky to maintain his position , if not his life , after that fiasco .
but if the rocket had fallen the other way , perish the thought .
his real name was sergei pavlovich korolev , the anonymous chief designer of the soviet space program , and he was here to witness what had become a very familiar sight in the soviet union these days a rocket launch .
the chief , who had worked among rocket mechanics , political prisoners and hotshot air force pilots most of his life , almost laughed .
and the atlas rocket - - has not yet had a successful launch .
he strode casually towards the awaiting rocket , and the milling engineers , soldiers and technicians parted in awe .
the r-16 is not my rocket .
they abandoned my r-7 semyorka booster in favor of a modified v-2 rocket design .
many attempts had been made to safely harness the lethal rocket fuel , but sooner or later they all ended in disaster .
nedelin was tempted to argue with the vaunted russian rocket scientist .
nedelin wanted very much for yangels rocket to succeed , not so much for the life of the brave test pilot , but to prove that the chief designers delays were unnecessary .
had nt the soviet union already had countless successful rocket launches ?
if they could put a dog in the nosecone of a rocket and launch it into space , surely they could do the same thing with a man .
billowing clouds of smoke filled the million - square - foot stadium as the r-16 rose slowly under its powerful rocket to a height of nearly a thousand feet .
nedelin opened his mouth to congratulate himself on his wisdom and foresight when the powerful rocket veered slowly to the horizontal and exploded in a brilliant fireball like the fireworks on may day .
the air was thick with the smell of burned rocket fuel .
yuri reported in sick with the russian flu ( otherwise known as a vodka hangover ) , and georgi was next in line to ride yangels rocket .
officially , it was called the r-16 , but georgi knew it was modeled after secret german rocket designs .
then he turned to ride the elevator to the top of the hundred - foot rocket .
georgi knew instantly that the first stage rocket was not producing constant thrust , thus causing the invisible phenomenon of harmonic oscillation .
the r-16s first stage megaton booster and second stage rocket separated from the nosecone and then exploded .
while she was in the head he packed his own including his laptop and a rogers rocket stick that allowed him access to the internet wherever rogers had coverage .
a moment later , there was a tremendous volume of automatic weapons fire , followed by two nearly simultaneous detonations ; the launch and then the impact of an anti - personnel rocket .
she absorbed most of the rocket blast .
but the grunts want our firepower in the fight , not sidelined by some dipshit in a skull mask with a disposable rocket launcher .
inside the aircraft , destro was fastening his wrist rocket launcher to his right gauntlet .
the bunker was ringed with skar troops , and in the center of their formation stood a single man , armored and helmeted with what appeared to be a minigun and a multiple rocket launcher mounted to a frame pack .
llama saw that wry had managed to crawl forward and retrieve pigpens rocket launcher .
the rocket struck home and the enemy , though amazingly still in one piece , was still .
flaherty turned to check on kings progress just in time to see a rocket slam into the rear of the crew cab , shredding the rear - facing communications station .
anybody see where that rocket came from ?
nothing would ruin a tankers day faster than an infantryman with an anti - tank rocket .
the place was loaded with pointy - head rocket scientists and nerds with plastic pocket protectors for their pens .
the whole kit and caboodle whewso you reckon yeah , unless he s rocket assisted , by the time big billy gets here the showll be over .
circulation took off like a rocket ; the ad boys are coining it in like a licence to print , and we d sold out ten extra editions before the rest were off the starting blocks .
were already in discussion with jaxa but beyond prepping a hybrid rocket for an extra backup unit , there is nt really all that much we can do for them .
if they want a toilet put in the middle of the casino floor , ill put out a rocket to the architects .
the last seven decades , we have poured billions into rocket development .
it was far easier to aim and fire an anti - armor rocket when you did nt have enemy troops firing at you .
the swiss rockets lanced towards the sides of the last tank and their tandem charges , carried in spikes at the front of each rocket , detonated the layer of explosive - reactive armor that covered the enemy vehicle .
the swiss rockets lanced towards the sides of the last tank and their tandem charges , carried in spikes at the front of each rocket , detonated the layer of explosive - reactive armor that covered the enemy vehicle .
grabbing his green beret and pulling it close to his head seem to give him the misplaced assurance this piece of thin wool cloth offered some kind of protection from the rocket and mortar shells that were falling all around him .
how many times do i find myself lying in a hole in some god - awful place with mortar and rocket debris falling all over me ?
sarge grabbed his m-5 medics aid - bag and started running toward the communications bunker , which from first glance , appeared to have taken the brunt of the rocket and mortar barrage .
pas store concerned itself with real guns real guns such as machine guns , the 1919a4 machine gun that fired a belt of 30 - 06 ammunition at the rate of about 600 rounds per minute ; other machine guns like the 1919a6 which fired the nato .308 ( 7.64 mm x 54 mm ) round at the same rate of 600 rounds per minute ; 30 - 06 cal bar ( browning automatic rifles ) ; automatic .308 m14s ; m-60 fully automatic machine guns ; the big brother of all machine guns the m2hb ( referred to as the ma deuce heavy barrel ) ; .50 cal ; m-1 carbines ; fully automatic unmodified m-2s ; dozens of m-1 garands ; m-1 garand ( mic & m1d ) ; sniper rifles including the .50 cal barrett m82 ; british .303s ; fully auto m-16s and ar 15s ; 9 mm , .40 mm and .45 cal automatic handguns of ever description ; a4 rocket launchers ; laws ( light anti tank weapons ) ; russian rpgs ( rocket propelled grenades ) launchers ; night vision goggles ; gas masks ; thompson 45 cal sub - machine guns with rotary drums and stick magazines ; body armor and cases and cases of ammo for each and every weapon .
pas store concerned itself with real guns real guns such as machine guns , the 1919a4 machine gun that fired a belt of 30 - 06 ammunition at the rate of about 600 rounds per minute ; other machine guns like the 1919a6 which fired the nato .308 ( 7.64 mm x 54 mm ) round at the same rate of 600 rounds per minute ; 30 - 06 cal bar ( browning automatic rifles ) ; automatic .308 m14s ; m-60 fully automatic machine guns ; the big brother of all machine guns the m2hb ( referred to as the ma deuce heavy barrel ) ; .50 cal ; m-1 carbines ; fully automatic unmodified m-2s ; dozens of m-1 garands ; m-1 garand ( mic & m1d ) ; sniper rifles including the .50 cal barrett m82 ; british .303s ; fully auto m-16s and ar 15s ; 9 mm , .40 mm and .45 cal automatic handguns of ever description ; a4 rocket launchers ; laws ( light anti tank weapons ) ; russian rpgs ( rocket propelled grenades ) launchers ; night vision goggles ; gas masks ; thompson 45 cal sub - machine guns with rotary drums and stick magazines ; body armor and cases and cases of ammo for each and every weapon .
this building appeared to be strongly built and fairly substantial but regardless of its strength it was now being riddled and shaken to its very foundation ; the unleashing of 2.75 rockets and machinegun fire from the helicopter whirling above was savage but he recognized that noise that was nt noise , that was pure music that was an od ( olive drab color ) green uh-1d huey , and it was the property of the u.s . army .
within a mere fraction of a second he heard the swoosh of an rpg shoulder - fired rocket fly past him so close he could feel the heat from the rocket motor .
within a mere fraction of a second he heard the swoosh of an rpg shoulder - fired rocket fly past him so close he could feel the heat from the rocket motor .
he also received his first purple heart for multiple wounds from rocket fragments and small arms fire .
ahead and behind the suvs were trucks with dozens of armed men with automatic weapons and rpgs ( rocket propelled grenades ) .
the ambush had worked perfectly , with both the lead and following cars destroyed by rpgs ( rocket propelled grenades ) , trapping the center car .
mcarmbreaker was also on the roof ... and holding a rocket launcher .
the rocket hurtled through the sky , punctured goodspeeds parachute , and then destroyed the helicopter .
the deer took up like a rocket and soon left me out of breath and alone .
neil armstrong outside in space there are no boundaries , but within this rocket several walls surround me .
he spent years calculating how much money he would need to design , build , and finally propel a rocket into space .
his first chance was in 2009 aboard a russian rocket taking men and supplies to the international space station , but a bad cold days before launch had given the opportunity to the next man on the list .
a rich and famous fellow in england had begun the race with a demonstration of a flight close to the boundaries of space ; not atop a rocket , but lifted by a larger aircraft with a smaller airplane heading spaceward from 50,000 feet and nearing the 100,000 foot altitude mark before returning to land .
at nearly twenty million dollars to fill up the tanks of the second stage with a hybrid - type rocket fuel , every 1,000 feet will save me big bucks .
one day , i m beating up nebraskan rednecks in a bar , then i have to pull my partner out of losing all his money in las vegas , and then i m suddenly rocket man about to head off into space .
the whole cargo hold is filled by the aircraft , making the three large rocket motor exhausts sit outside the rear of the loading bay and directly beneath the high tail .
her second stage fuel , liquid hydrogen in a single large rocket motor , will take her the rest of the way up , to 380,000 feet at just under 17,000 knots .
her rear hydrogen fuel rocket will be used as she returns to the atmosphere , and once below 200,000 feet , she will glide in for landing here at the airfield .
below the narrow line on both sides of the lower two thirds of the aircraft were the two massive first - stage rocket exhausts , each about six feet across .
on each side of the higher , third motor they saw a much smaller and different rocket exhaust , one - tenth the size of the big three .
her first - stage rocket engines ignite a second later , while her forward speed is estimated to drop to 350 knots and then rise rapidly at 50 knots per second .
then she is purely a rocket with limited control during her first stage , but once the second stage motor ignites at 240,000 feet , you will have far more control of her .
as a refresher , let me give you a quick 101 course on using the hybrid rocket system .
in its simplest form a hybrid rocket consists of a pressure vessel tank containing the fluid propellant , the combustion chamber containing the solid propellant , and a valve which isolates the two .
hybrid rocket motors exhibit some obvious , as well as some subtle , advantages over solid rockets .
hybrid rocket motors exhibit some obvious , as well as some subtle , advantages over solid rockets .
while it is far more simple , our systems are as powerful as any rocket motor ever built , and we are rapidly catching up to the other private companies in the space race ; we have 360 of the best scientific minds in every department , from thrust , dependency , survival on board , even to what is eaten and pooped out in space !
unfortunately , the rocket that exploded was actually carrying a new crew and supplies for a longer stay .
at 51,000 feet jonesy activated the rocket igniters .
final checks were complete , jonesy had the instruments live , the rocket igniters were ready for vin , and turning into the morning sun gave jonesy an added mark to set up the crafts climb into space .
first stage ignition and active , replied vin as he felt the jolt in his back , looked up to see the c-5 high above them and about a hundred yards to their starboard side and beginning to descend as they suddenly took off like a rocket and within a split second the mother ship had disappeared below them out of view .
astermine two was still waiting for her new more - powerful hydrogen rocket thrusters .
the solid rocket fuels had just been loaded and the shuttle had a dozen thick umbilical cords coming out of it , keeping the fuels at their necessary temperatures .
mr . jones , your first job will be to connect sierra bravo ii to the russian space stations number 3 docking port with your rear rocket motors facing toward earth , the opposite way sierra bravo i is facing .
next , you will link up both shuttles computer systems and control both rocket systems from sierra bravo i .
then the top half of the tanks were lifted off , the combustion chamber opened up , and solid cakes of black rocket fuel , specially molded to fit exactly into the combustion chamber , were placed in one by one .
finally , the tops of the rocket engines were replaced and , again , it took three graphite welders on each side twelve hours to seal the motors .
the liquid rocket fuel would only be added at the last moment .
now the shuttles cargo could be loaded as the liquid rocket fuel in the hybrid rocket system would be fed into the shuttle just before launch .
once the cargo was loaded , which took an hour , the liquid hydrogen pumps needed eleven hours to fill the liquid fuel tanks with 2,840 gallons in each of the two ten - ton pressure vessels in the forward area of the rocket motor , a cost to ryan of $ 650 per gallon to manufacture .
with two first - stage rocket motors , two larger second - stage hydrogen motors , four of the new hydrogen thrusters and the latest ion drives , this third shuttle would be able to whizz around space like a kids toy .
caustic chemicals blasted through the doorways like the superheated exhaust of rocket ships .
from its position at the far end of the engine compartment , the dog cleared the car 's grill in a single leap and came at ted like a rocket .
he poured me a glass of clear , fiery begal chinese rocket fuel as it was commonly known .
it was almost as bad as chinese rocket fuel .
two missiles , with billowing black smoke from their rocket engines scream skyward from the city now far below .
when they first told him he d be training , he pictured super - hero body suits with guns and rocket ships and things more action - ish .
it completely contradicts the vision of a cartoon rocket with the red , orange and yellow spikes bursting from the bottom .
he shot out of the lava like a rocket .
hecate shot like a rocket up the mountain , mormo and the miniature dragon flying slowly up behind her .
the one who came home with blood pouring from a grazed knee , or built rocket ships out of cereal boxes .
even if it does look a bit like a rocket ship about to depart .
i m still piloting this meat rocket -ephraim : that did nt sound how you meant it to -e thanks , fram- but i m in charge here , is what i m saying- at least of the fingers .
we stepped to the low abutment of the concrete roof , where the chief and i crouched and loaded the rocket launchers affixed to our m4 carbines .
the chief and i barely escaped the low concrete abutment than ringed the mosque 's rooftop as a rocket propelled grenade sailed past us and into the concrete building and sent a shower of concrete and steel raining down upon us .
stryker pulled a trigger located just below his gearshift knob , and nitrous oxide rushed into the fuel injectors , causing the car to accelerate like a rocket !
remember when i pulled the trigger on the old camaro and it took off like a rocket ?
it did not take a rocket scientist to see all the bullet marks on the camaro and the scrape on it where it had hit the honda .
captain nestorenko would be the first victim from the mv rocket , a mocking name for such a slow and lumbering work ship .
chapter 19 the clash it was a peaceful and serene start to a day that would ultimately result in the violent end to some of the survivors of the mv rocket .
the bell aerosystems jet pack , dubbed the rocket belt , was the lightest on the market and that was why james had insisted on it .
there was further arguing from james , but with a little less - than - gentle vocal coaxing he finally took off the rocket belt .
the wind whipped jacky 's hair and unbuttoned jacket and tried to wrest the rocket belt from his back .
besides , he knew the drop in some places of the canyon was 300 metres , and that was much too far a distance to be covered by the half - minute or so of flight time the rocket belt allowed .
he turned his head , his eyes drawn to the key sticking out a hole in the rocket belt .
he pressed a button on one of the handles and the rocket belt kicked into life .
he manipulated the controls and the rocket belt lifted him into the air with a jerk that pulled the straps tight around his shoulders and chest .
the combination of natural wind and jet - massaged air threw jacky around like a kite at first , but he quickly got the feel of the rocket belt .
he had imagined a rocky flight , struggling for direction , fighting the wind , the rocket belt stalling , a hard landing on the cliff edge , a slip , a mad grip , fighting his way up and onto flat land .
quietly , he slipped off the rocket belt , dropped it over the cliff , then unlocked the fiat and climbed inside .
he wished for jamess rocket belt .
it was small and red and used to pre - fire activate the seven - tube rocket launcher located on the side of the chopper .
josh hit the accelerator to the floor and we were off like a rocket .
only inches away from his nose the cart shot off like a rocket far into the air , and never came back down .
for once he explained without being patronising , that if i was a rocket scientist and had to teach to a toddler how to create one , i d have great difficulty .
wesson was not a rocket scientist , he had no training in brain surgery but he was pretty astute and fairly certain lifting an object of his proportion was not exactly easy .
i was telling one fella about how you 'd takeoff like a rocket when you hit the throttle .
like a rocket blasting off to soar through the sky , a blur of a bright smile and dirty - blonde hair under a beanie marked with animal features charged through the ambling kids to jump into the tightest wrap around tomikas body .
and within the pages was an article on their rocket ship rise to fame as well as photos of them posing as disheveled versions of icons of pop music .
hey , rocket !
i know just how you feel , said rocket as she took beverages from a platter on one hand and placed them in front of the girls .
that s why we call her rocket .
she s got that rocket scientist brain in there .
the point is that religion is stupid , rocket said .
its an ion rifle built by yours truly , said rocket .
we know how it sounds , said rocket .
rocket snatched the rifle from her mother and fired to the girls a flash that lit the entire place up in a brilliant blue .
rockets mother followed rocket to the basement .
said rocket .
mimi yanked rocket and her family over the cliff edge and into the path of minnie who brought out her staff to smash off the mechs legs .
i do nt know how you two did it , or what even happened , rocket said with her sights on tomika and morgan , but i m not changing my views on anything !
a little silence let a pinging from the mechs reach rocket and her mother who turned up quizzical gazes at the sound .
that s strange , said rocket .
rocket gave the device a few of smacks against her palm .
we wiped out the species for a reason , rocket said .
uh - oh , said rocket .
oh , thank you , said rocket .
i mean why the freakin - frick did you even load your gun with the rocket tip bullets anyway ?
the blow sent its head off its shoulders like a rocket .
not much difference between escape velocity and crash and burn , if you want a rocket analogy .
another modification to the standard hunter mk6 design was a martin baker mk 10 ( l ) rocket propelled ejection seat , recommended to be retrofitted to existing raf hunters back in 1980 , with absolutely no structural re - designing needed , but never fitted , cost before pilots lives was the mantra then .
but with the aid of my reindeerthat 's my rocket engine 's inertial navigation designed for entering and exiting residencesand my elf'seskimo labor forcei ' m able to deliver toysto observe youthful subjectsand gameswhich go around measuring everyone 's senses . ''
and it did n't take a rocket scientist to know who that would be .
the venusians , fearing their planet was dying , searched for a suitable replacement '' ` ` so th ' father put his baby in a rocket ' n sent him here . ''
` ` if i had a french fry for every time i ' ve heard that ... '' it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out what was going on .
the rocket was on its way .
he was no rocket scientist .
claire thought there had to be a happy medium between sky waking up with the birds , and these boys who needed a rocket under them to get them going in the morning .
it was a small , blue car , with a machine gun mounted on its roof and rocket launchers attached to each door .
he rode in his blue lamborghini , machine gun and rocket launchers blazing .
i have been allowed to write this first chapter because as i pointed out there needed to be some background to my story and as i was not a daughter in the beginning it needed to be written by someone who knew my story well and it was nt exactly rocket science as to who that was .
chapter 1 the dreamers with floridas calm april skies cloaked behind a cloud formation as far as the eye could see , nasa is about to launch a rocket carrying a team of astronauts into orbit .
the rocket is now thousands of feet high , slicing its way through the clouds and straight towards the moon .
the next fence was about a mile , in four hundred metres the pocket rocket had taken flaxmead past the galloping pair and had ten lengths on them before turning to run along the fence line directly in front of him .
and that 's it ladies and gentleman , flaxmead ridden by lindy cumberland they call the pocket rocket wins this year king george by a massive margin of around twenty five lengths shattering the previous record by harbinger of 2.26.78 seconds , the course record now standing at 2.22.4 a start to finish whitewash that will be hard to beat .
he was like a rocket , all i could hear was his hooves i was concentrating so hard .
` ` you better go over to flaxmead , the queen is looking at him , and she will want to meet the pocket rocket . ''
i love dogs , and rocket slept by the front door of the house , always half - awake , listening for zs .
or it would have , if we had nt all dove to the ground the second we heard the rocket coming in .
a multiple launch rocket system , or at least the battery at fort orange , fires the mgm-140a - block i rocket .
a multiple launch rocket system , or at least the battery at fort orange , fires the mgm-140a - block i rocket .
yo , we had a dog , and his name was rocket , and he was with us when we left the house .
rpg rocket propelled grenade saw ( m-249 ) squad automatic weapon , a light machine gun firing the same ammunition as an m-16 / m-4 sfc sergeant first class , senior nco in a platoon shi'ite .
total annihilation had been averted when scientists from texas a & m fired a rocket into the sunat night , of courseand the resulting solar explosions drew the errant asteroid off its collision course .
it did nt take a rocket scientist to detect a lingering scent of spray in the air .
after i saw that i started flying up again like a rocket with the butt on fire .
army garrison in seoul and eternity unfold street fighting , soldiers with heavy machine guns , rocket launchers , howitzers engaged with a laser gun as the main weapon of the eternal forces , even victory , killing four dozen statues and captured hundreds of human followers .
because of no concerns about hostages , kim ordered to kill rocket launchers , grenades be used together , after several loud explosions , the entire supermarket caught in flames .
that is a rocket .
even as he watched the rocket shoot up into the sky , he doubted there were people in it .
sapharu looked up at the rocket one last time , which was now a speck that left a long trail of mist behind it .
as if there was a wall , he spun in mid air and shot back at me like a rocket .
still it does n't take a rocket scientist to see there 's a pattern here . ''
` ` well , professor , i see by your pen - pouch that you are a rocket scientist . ''
` ` you 'll see it 's not the size of the object but rather the force of impact that accounts for- '' unfortunately professor kelp did n't get to finish his demonstration as gordon took the rocket scientist by the lapels of his lab coat and applied some forceful impact of his own .
the rocket flew and hit the wall of the ship .
toby swung the helicopter , it plunged down , and the rocket hit the tail .
nina then saw the flare from a distance ; the rocket flew toward her .
the cases tony looked into were filled with grenades , automatic rifles , rocket propelled grenade launchers ; everything a small army could want .
one rocket propelled grenade could end things very quickly .
in negotiations with the australian government they leased a development site at the woomera rocket range and employed people who had great input .
the computer that controlled this thing is two thousand metres below the earth surface , on the outskirts of the woomera rocket range .
the use of zinc , silver , manganese or potassium today is light years ahead of moses but applying todays high technology knowledge , ya could build a rocket ship .
the south will prosper like now and like then as our us economy tanks deeper into the shitty sewer treatment plant faster than a rocket ship into outer space .
if a strike happened when the rocket was released , no lightning was triggered , let alone controlled .
that trips propellant to the rocket from a safe place .
electric fields have to build up to 15 - 17 kd per bolt and then , if lightning hits at the same time as we set off a rocket , the rocket goes up without triggering a strike .
electric fields have to build up to 15 - 17 kd per bolt and then , if lightning hits at the same time as we set off a rocket , the rocket goes up without triggering a strike .
its not rocket science , specks !
without faltering he fired , sending the rocket soaring directly towards them .
everyone take cover , yelled charlie as he locked eyes on the advancing rocket .
the rocket hit the tail , exploding the rotor to pieces , instantly crippling the machine .
see what this little rocket is like .
to complete the deal we actually sent him those plans for that horrible rocket suit .
statesman was suddenly at her side and then past her as he flew like a rocket into the line of men .
as you know , we ve been unable to get the solid rocket boosters prepped for launch .
it should , but just in case , we can mount a pegasus rocket booster underneath .
there was no bombast of thrust or roar of rocket motor like in the old videos of the sts takeoffs , but it was still immensely satisfying to all present .
the general raised his sword high in the air and one of the large icicles shot into the sky like a rocket .
shax turned a worried glance to see the powerful narroway blasting in like a rocket aboard a skeeting sword .
gisbo thought to himself as he put one finger to a nostril and blew a snot rocket , much to the disgust of rolce .
she shot up like a rocket using only her boot wands , not able to dodge or weave .
` ` you know , there are usb rocket launchers available .
` ` yeah , you 're definitely not dealing with rocket scientists here , '' says bob .
will the rocket things burn the glider ?
and the samoan guywearing an at-4 rocket launcherstanding next to gabriel said , toni davis .
a shooting star of a rocket left a cloud of exhaust from the roof and flew down , hitting the front end of the first humvee .
fourth and third was a tie between rocket boys and red faction with seventy points , the old man said .
is that the rice rocket group ?
the lead rocket boy stood behind alyse , holding a pistol at his side .
he stood at the edge of the table in front of me with another rocket boy holding a pistol to the back of his head .
hunter watson and justin flowers , along with their teams , held up guns of their own against a wall of rocket boys .
behind me , were the freedom fighters holding up dirty harry revolvers at another group of rocket boys .
one of the rocket boys ran in front of him , cutting off his path , and pressed a pistol against his cheek .
i looked at chris , who had a rocket boy on the ground with his foot on the enemys back , and i tossed him the shotgun .
he was holding a handgun , and there were two rocket boys , twitching , at his feet .
we are competing against the rocket boysteam threetonight .
not for the reasons the rocket boys want to , terrance said and looked at gabrielsmiling .
find the rocket boys , and that ll be where the capsule is hidden , i told them .
searching the second floor was a breeze , but unfortunately there was no sign of the rocket boys or of the capsule .
the whole second floor was nt fully checked , but the rocket boys would have shown themselves by now .
i looked inside the hole to see a third downed rocket boy and a bright blue capsule lying on the bed .
the rocket boy reached for his weapon several feet away , but gabriel fired two rounds into his reaching arm .
to our left was a rocket boy poking out from a doorway .
i dropped the m60 next to the downed rocket boy .
the one to the left dropped his rocket and bumbled for his other weapon .
his face was swollen , cut , and bruised from the rocket he took earlier .
nothing had been written on the tape label , but it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out what m.g .
your chi'karda level spikes like a rocket shootin ' off to space , it does .
you do nt have to be a rocket scientist to find it .
its not exactly rocket science .
he paused for a moment to see if anyone would object , then continued , just get the rocket launcher .
just get the rocket launcher .
he would have to backtrack and find another building to hole himself up in until matt got a hold of the rocket launcher .
all that he could think about was whether or not matt had listened to him and made a run for the rocket launcher , or had this all been for nothing .
resting atop a table on the opposite side of the room sat the rocket launcher safely housed in its metal case , just waiting for him .
at least ten feet tall , and as big around as a barrel , solid with bruise colored muscle and flesh , stood the harbinger , a super zombie , guarding the rocket launcher .
in acknowledgment that it was a lost cause to fight , matt sidestepped the swinging blade as it came down , and darted past the harbinger towards the rocket launcher , tossing his crossbow to the side along the way .
if he could just reach the rocket launcher , he would be alright .
had he immediately sidestepped and ran for the rocket launcher , his chances of survival might have been considerably higher .
he made a final gurgling sound as he watched the harbinger resume his sentinel position in front of the rocket launcher , hiding it from view .
as soon as matt got his hands on the rocket launcher , they would all be portaled to the military compound anyway .
inside the game , they were lifelike , and it became obvious to cade before he had even opened his mouth that matt failed in getting the rocket launcher .
i even got to the rocket launcher .
the block of granite sailed past him and out of the shed like a rocket , where it slammed deep into the lawn with a heavy thump .
he tipped his bowler hat to her and then shot off into the sky , leaving a trail like a bottle rocket .
i 'd suspect a hoax only dallas is n't exactly a breeding ground for rocket scientists . ''
` ` laugh if you will , '' he chided , ` ` but it should n't take a rocket scientist to see we have a problem . ''
slowly and carefully it leaned forward and fired the foot rockets , this time flying straight at the thing .
then damien took off like a rocket , racing toward her with superhuman speed , determination hardening his face .
she was right , although at one point , he felt certain he d died and been shot like a rocket into the heavens .
[ wittle bwastoff wittle zoom - wahss ] little - azarban , redundantly , blasted off like a rocket - entering christs heart to charge whenever he was low on magic points and executed his special moves .
the rocket mosquitoes , in full body suits , hopped into these tiny aircrafts and , one - by - one , they flew into the clouds like pilots ...
the dark gawnden caught demo 's eye as they flew up with heat sensors - illegal - too many teammates , hiding heat sensor dark evil - arctic rocket turret guns in the clouds - penalty - lullaby mosquitoes , and like ten demons on top of all that ... you cheatin ' sons o ' bes ... bullsh , man !
the dark gawnden , rocket mosquitoes , and all the exiles ' bots chased ultra demo away .
gawndihowl morph bzzt ... ( cshhpt ) the rocket mosquitoes had walkie - talkies in their ships , transmitting to each other in demolition .
i saw a rocket head right in the window where i was standing !
i slipped up - had a loose grip , so when a following rocket hit me , it knocked me out of my belt .
one super mega model rocket set dammit .
maybe if he bought himself a super mega model rocket set , he might understand , but considering the current state of his bank account , he wondered if he could ever even afford one , let alone consciously shell out his hard earned cash for something that would only work once .
just wondering if you knew where i could find a super mega model rocket set .
a super mega model rocket set .
judging by the sheer size of the container that the rocket set came in , perhaps the super mega prefix was indeed justified .
that s not just a sweep team ; they do nt get armed with rocket launchers .
claw shot out of the castle like a rocket with his adversary right behind him .
francois hopped on the rocket and started to jump on it .
all of a sudden the rocket lit up and the rocket blasted out forward .
all of a sudden the rocket lit up and the rocket blasted out forward .
franois had barely time to jump off the rocket .
gaspar and alexander and the others who were hiding behind other boulders watched the rocket go directly for the cave in .
the rocket went forward and a few seconds later it hit the pile of rocks straight on !
he was all blackened up from the fumes of the rocket exhaust .
it looks like a toy rocket without fins , was light as a feather , and measured 12 - inches long with a one inch radius .
i was still trying to buckle up when alura took off like a rocket , pushing my head back against the seat .
all of a sudden he goes down on one knee then with lightning quickness propels himself into the air like a rocket .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to know that viktor is now standing in a compromising situation .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to know that he is being sarcastic .
i may be tensed and more than half of my mind may be devoted to my partner , but it does nt take a rocket scientist to realize that the psychopath man is driven by vengeance .
its not rocket science , eric- this is urgent .
i had nt realised how hungry i was until i opened my fridge and discovered the only things it contained were the dregs at the bottom of a milk cartongone offand some wilted rocket .
well , this did nt take a rocket scientist to figure out .
rumpleflin flew out the window like a rocket ; he was taking his first flight .
goodness knows this is nt rocket science , victor .
there was nt a thing left , other than the rocket and decorations i added .
and a gigantic red phallus aimed like a nazi v2 rocket at a high - placed constellation of stars in yellow crayon .
he imagines forsythias blooming yellow in public squares and fading ; july rockets bursting and fading too ; riverside trees rusting ; shop - windows celebrant with tinsel .
and a gigantic red phallus aimed like a nazi v2 rocket at the constellation of stars .
they were powered by rockets emitting a dark green gas .
as in a fireworks display , each rocket , which had risen above the cloud of attackers , broke into thirty - three smaller ones , which spread outward and down , as if following the ribs of an umbrella .
barzani had just launched a rocket to the moon .
elma says , was the kurdish flag at the rocket ?
he put his own big picture , attached his picture to the rocket , yokel !
she flies , quickens as if sliding down from cigans eyes that are gathering demons , and she draws a route abandoning this circle which gave shape the leaves , and as a rocket she accelerates .
the glass blew in with the sound like a rocket detonating .
` ` well , it ai n't rocket science , that 's for sure .
quinn , we need a pace car on rocket fuel sitting here ready to go in five minutes . ''
we 're not together , exactly , but we 're in the sweet anticipatory stage where desire flares like a bottle rocket and lights the sky with promise .
fuckin ' hell , they worked -- that was the last thought he had as the floor of the octagon leaped up to greet him , its hi - how're - ya just as much a rocket as his former comrade 's fist .
he let her go , and she took off like a rocket , her blond hair flowing out behind her as she raced down the stairs .
i imagine myself as a rocket , blasting off , breaking free of the pull of the water .
lucia knew it had bullet - resistant glass , and no doubt kevlar in the frame ; she would n't be surprised if it featured a rocket launcher somewhere in the accessory package .
then an oak tree spiralled up , branching out like an exploding green rocket , and was in the middle of a venerable copse even before the tips of its aged branches had stopped quivering .
the god grows in strength , the belief of its worshipers raising it upwards like a thousand tons of rocket fuel .
like ... like a rocket stick ? '
it was an explosion of sound in the same way that a hogswatchnight rocket explodes , each falling spark exploding again ... imp 's fingers caressed the strings , picking out three more chords .
' this is a firework rocket , ' he said .
' thank you ... yes , i ' m afraid that without my lathe and , indeed , my forge , i really have had to make do with what i could find lying around ... could i have the rocket back , please ?
colon could see the tip of the rocket in the depths of the tube , and had a sudden image of stars and balls .
nobby silently took the rocket from colon and pushed it into the tube .
the rocket had shot the length of the alley and through the window of a house .
in a sense , a swamp dragon is a living rocket .
` ` i ' m not exactly a rocket wizard , am i ? ''
you do not need to be a rocket wizard to work that out , surely ? ''
it was n't exactly rocket magic , in any case .
there was another hummer in desert camouflage colors , and there were soliders on one side of it using it for cover as something too big for a bullet and too small for a rocket whirred past .
the hummer drove to him , and the bullets seemed to not quite hit it , and when the next rocket came , it was just to one side of it .
another rocket hit just on the other side of their hummer , and suddenly there were no more questions .
and the fact that he was stupid enough to get on that rocket of his in this sort of weather really did n't put her in her happy place .
the seraph burst from the chair like a rocket .
brock alma 's booming , domineering voice shot across the field like a rocket .
as soon i as stuck my key in the lock , i heard tiny little paws and claws scampering on the ground and knew fat rabbit was launching himself across the floor at rocket speed .
it 's a little late to build a rocket ship and evacuate , '' i said , ` ` no matter what the science fiction movies like to tell us . ''
cherise was doing a good job of keeping me moving , but this was like standing on the train tracks , watching the heart - break express rocket toward you .
the fact that diane could n't see that only proved what i 'd suspected about her when i 'd met her : diane morgenstern was no rocket scientist .
they 'd unloaded and stowed the equipment , found their way to their quarters by following the painted lines on the walls , eaten a small meal in the pleasant weight of the rocket acceleration , and taken to their couches when the klaxon sounded and the jump drives were set to warm up .
if he had n't , he would have shot up the ladder of perception like a rocket under full thrust .
she looked up at him dazedly , a woman who had blasted forward from forty to sixty in a matter of seconds ... and then right past it and into her seventies , like a rocket overshooting its intended target .
there were rockets like a flight of scintillating birds singing with sweet voices .
' something like this : the finest rockets ever seen : they burst in stars of blue and green , or after thunder golden showers came falling like a rain of flowers .
sensation shot through me like an out of control bottle rocket .
did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out where you were heading . ''
for mew nose like a rocket steeply into the air , and then set off at a great pace straight down the wind .
also a most stupendous rocket went up from the tower as soon as the bells got frantic .
well , he let off a truly magnificent rocket ; and after that he said ' drat that creature ! '
suddenly a rocket shot into the air , and a explosion of red showered down , reaching over the sea .
he 'd love to have high - powered rifles or rocket launchers , but they were bloody difficult to obtain and would be useless in the hands of the untrained .
needless to say there 's no wireless or even a rocket , so no chance of signalling anyone for help .
' but with her history , ' said miles , ' it is n't rocket science , is it , to guess that she 'll relapse ? '
in fact , she could already picture herself driving around like a little red rocket .
` ` dyer , go and see - ` ` but by then the servants had hauled up the trunk ; they unlocked it and flung back the lid , and there was no need for translation : the rockets that lay in the padding of straw were wildly elaborate , red and blue and green like something out of a child 's nursery , painted with swirls of color , gold and silver , and unmistakable .
` ` yes , yes , '' he said , impatiently , bringing over the slow - match ; the rocket caught at once and hissed upwards , vanishing from sight far above where the flares had gone .
she , d gone through law school like a rocket and passed the bar at age twenty - two .
several of the elephants had clusters of two - pound swivel guns mounted on their backs , a few had rocket launchers , but most carried howdahs filled with rajput archers .
i imagined what an ak47 rifle , let alone a machine gun or rocket propelled grenade , would do to bamboo .
` ` our system is not rocket science , '' anne said in her typical jovial manner .
its like a rocket experiencing intense heat and friction as it pushes itself to go beyond the pull of earths gravity in order to flow freely in space .
when we come out tomorrow to dig up the rocket , we can bring a translator and hopefully someone will tell us where it went . ''
after all we did find a grenade and a rocket out there not too long ago .
once the power of physics released his body , he pressed back against his seat as if they were still riding at rocket speed .
the zombie strippers had the sheen of the lubricant on them , it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out what the sick freak had been doing .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out what had happened here , and the note more fully explained it .
catch hell - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i ' m 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i ' ve 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you ' ve 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might ' ve 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric - a - brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc - devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half - star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well - oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white - gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression - era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip - ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap - less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary - the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan - a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire - house 1 ting 's 1 reaping - time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age - blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c - note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security - he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self - styled 1 likelihood 1 property - tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell - o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day - glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare - breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well - beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self - loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw - the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper - thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell - mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under - standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears - this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism - all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha - ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders - a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old - fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places - some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money - let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn - style 1 motives 1 would ' ve 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but - the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community - no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked - and 1 semi - articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep - drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen - larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos - usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life - aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good - sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to - day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him - his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's - head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come - hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis - ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand - katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off - campus - friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter - mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so - called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold - black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards - the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must ' ve 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close - ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden - paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly - there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot - the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock - roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations - wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter - spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post - college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act - the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner - she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes - is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half - timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo - was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half - assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late - night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double - paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock - ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank - eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi - lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become - a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
the royal zoo is closed - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the royal zoo is closed 309 the 182 a 143 and 108 of 83 in 70 he 70 to 64 was 47 his 45 sweeney 44 it 39 on 33 as 28 with 23 were 23 that 22 or 22 from 22 at 20 for 19 an 19 into 17 no 17 i 16 had 15 by 14 its 14 their 14 not 13 you 13 they 12 if 12 so 12 like 11 him 11 man 11 there 10 what 10 too 10 is 10 one 9 me 9 last 9 why 9 but 9 mass 9 them 9 through 8 she 8 was n't 8 just 8 be 8 off 7 i ' m 7 her 7 up 7 do 7 take 7 read 7 out 6 can 6 who 6 you 're 6 this 6 some 6 how 6 nothing 6 graffiti 6 said 6 it 's 6 did n't 6 when 6 could n't 6 across 5 people 5 even 5 would 5 right 5 sometimes 5 good 5 made 5 until 5 all 5 black 5 every 5 mouth 5 about 5 stared 5 here 5 always 5 these 5 enough 4 going 4 set 4 could 4 want 4 thumbprint 4 never 4 wearing 4 way 4 under 4 confucius 4 whole 4 went 4 your 4 did 4 much 4 only 4 paper 4 big 4 know 4 other 4 another 4 wanted 4 well 4 world 4 would n't 4 think 4 old 4 morning 4 dead 4 maybe 4 trees 4 then 4 thought 4 hand 4 see 4 modern 3 already 3 get 3 something 3 he 'd 3 racist 3 past 3 gave 3 after 3 any 3 wall 3 where 3 bus 3 make 3 uh 3 ones 3 seemed 3 office 3 yeah 3 meant 3 being 3 clicked 3 over 3 got 3 shot 3 time 3 human 3 closed 3 days 3 mean 3 began 3 shortcake 3 hell 3 city 3 everything 3 pants 3 have 3 dog 3 life 3 sky 3 places 3 down 3 own 3 lived 3 face 3 home 3 might 3 water 3 shadow 3 light 3 blood 3 yet 3 between 3 though 3 day 3 since 3 harem 3 mother 3 background 3 small 3 once 3 either 3 tried 3 stalled 3 around 3 first 2 opera 2 hats 2 everyone 2 resembled 2 matter 2 trenches 2 p 2 better 2 square 2 doc 2 table 2 country 2 job 2 white 2 briefcase 2 that 's 2 go 2 universe 2 thunder 2 tiger 2 age 2 sweeney 's 2 bottles 2 hope 2 today 2 pigeons 2 fire 2 hungry 2 wine 2 shoot 2 fat 2 coffee 2 lips 2 neighbor 2 bloody 2 little 2 mailboxes 2 those 2 away 2 dirty 2 metal 2 poured 2 shit 2 mouths 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 ocean 2 bed 2 neck 2 than 2 schizophrenic 2 symbol 2 piece 2 image 2 impotent 2 back 2 came 2 someone 2 do n't 2 new 2 send 2 s 2 money 2 more 2 stop 2 information 2 there 's 2 horn 2 doctor 2 upon 2 west 2 come 2 next 2 homicide 2 everywhere 2 eat 2 cat 2 against 2 flickered 2 inside 2 mind 2 except 2 quit 2 nobody 2 holes 2 carved 2 fremont 2 air 2 give 2 may 2 hall 2 different 2 jesus 2 now 2 retreated 2 far 2 makes 2 sound 2 coat 2 golden 2 crowds 2 chasm 2 such 2 guess 2 ancient 2 afraid 2 teeth 2 cry 2 has 2 dying 2 buddy 2 hotel 2 shovel 2 apple 2 events 2 fastened 2 clouds 2 searching 2 moved 2 apartment 2 shouted 2 professional 2 things 2 few 2 should 2 waiting 2 doors 2 cup 2 car 2 fingers 2 wrote 2 below 2 call 2 open 2 here 's 2 pressed 2 flog 2 alexander 2 war 2 bowl 2 cage 2 happening 2 moment 2 eyes 2 beginning 2 fires 2 hawking 2 crack 2 cold 2 had n't 2 thoughts 2 getting 2 prescription 2 gazed 2 burned 2 shrink 2 several 2 heart 2 legs 2 three 2 two 2 silence 2 each 2 screw 2 plot 2 full 2 cipher 2 however 2 considered 2 still 2 will 2 zoo 2 cause 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 moon 2 problem 2 bomb 2 sun 2 remembered 2 plum 2 free 2 hour 2 royal 2 space 2 book 2 hollywood 2 looked 2 children 2 ever 2 appeared 2 lost 2 maggy 2 wear 2 o ' 2 dollars 2 pioneer 2 guy 2 true 2 ground 2 which 2 found 2 nearly 2 cigarette 2 window 2 floor 2 ate 2 walked 2 tell 2 cockney 2 stage 2 elephants 2 street 2 been 2 name 2 door 2 buried 2 courtesy 2 glasses 2 head 2 she 'd 2 brought 2 thing 2 along 2 drop 2 stupid 2 live 1 bedrock 1 pings 1 gray 1 twenty 1 hominids 1 fuck 1 strip - mall 1 cerebrum 1 mural 1 bullhorns 1 death 1 booth 1 lies 1 loaded 1 recollected 1 blinds 1 gone 1 goddamned 1 crown 1 obey 1 stoplights 1 penalty 1 failed 1 local 1 theologians 1 fish 1 texans 1 truck 1 adders 1 suspicion 1 skateboard 1 hive 1 show 1 sufficient 1 abiding 1 breath 1 icbms 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 stigmata 1 drunk 1 artless 1 bronzed 1 matted 1 excess 1 cracks 1 commented 1 veteran 1 drugs 1 arms 1 degenerate 1 building 1 vernacular 1 waitress 1 banker 1 happy 1 green 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 feasting 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 b 1 paralyzed 1 brim 1 vast 1 bulldozing 1 nosebleeds 1 fridge 1 escalators 1 pious 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 expression 1 wonder 1 saint 1 invented 1 learning 1 cabinet 1 sleep 1 bedrooms 1 drifted 1 both 1 sailor 1 overcome 1 transit 1 concrete 1 sloshed 1 drinking 1 couch 1 transients 1 wet 1 scribed 1 hail 1 tv 1 candles 1 third 1 premature 1 casting 1 leviathans 1 shock 1 pigeon 1 spray 1 occasion 1 afford 1 bottom 1 mortar 1 approach 1 hot 1 incidentally 1 eighteenth 1 scotch 1 safehouse 1 foreign 1 district 1 bleeding 1 sock 1 underdog 1 dens 1 late 1 foot 1 plan 1 tak 1 yolk 1 shudder 1 worker 1 pat 1 coda 1 exist 1 transformed 1 groan 1 socrates 1 necessary 1 sport 1 natural 1 pot 1 humming 1 fix 1 card 1 espresso 1 alchemy 1 cult 1 dawn 1 galactic 1 whispering 1 primordial 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 artists 1 represented 1 plastic 1 perched 1 inherit 1 splattered 1 striding 1 hair 1 aircraft 1 sea 1 tie 1 hill 1 freeway 1 stalin 1 disjointed 1 polyphemus 1 dimness 1 noriega 1 tuned 1 turban 1 near 1 five - mile 1 he 's 1 trapped 1 action 1 polar 1 woke 1 many 1 slave 1 buxom 1 god 1 gravity 1 church 1 massacre 1 ejaculations 1 stolen 1 college 1 watching 1 shelter 1 gravy 1 wrong 1 hiss - boom - bah 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 dark 1 janitors 1 implications 1 crap 1 dirt - blacked 1 german 1 seized 1 tints 1 inspiration 1 shelling 1 fast 1 instinct 1 empathy 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ballsy 1 norma 1 ripped 1 telepathically 1 doozies 1 emaciated 1 cigarettes 1 puzzled 1 bristled 1 callous 1 neighborhoods 1 riding 1 funnels 1 syllable 1 they 'd 1 switch 1 pathos 1 j 1 knights 1 metaphysical 1 horn - rim 1 filament 1 revved 1 say 1 underdone 1 brick 1 pit 1 freaking 1 tragically 1 imprezio 1 diner 1 barn 1 kept 1 pancakes 1 length 1 woodwork 1 collective 1 understand 1 whirled 1 split 1 biological 1 passed 1 monologue 1 anxiety 1 blats 1 canvases 1 bug 1 conversation 1 apothegm 1 button 1 speculated 1 bangs 1 99 1 dusty 1 touring 1 goes 1 we 1 buildings 1 itzhak 1 bas - relief 1 testosterone - aggravated 1 dropping 1 g - string 1 soon 1 wipe 1 end 1 homeless 1 scavenging 1 limestone 1 purely 1 neatly 1 great 1 independence 1 stomachs 1 particular 1 without 1 jeff 1 pictures 1 department 1 wristwatches 1 11 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 zero 1 cells 1 ankle 1 nebula 1 chasing 1 perceive 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 jean 1 supple 1 vanity 1 cops ' 1 five - star 1 beehive 1 lenin 1 irrational 1 india 1 1788 1 d 1 stumbled 1 struggled 1 chest 1 esteemed 1 vatican 1 theological 1 child 1 comfort 1 foreigners 1 grown 1 organizations 1 pretty 1 thud 1 ammonia 1 innocent 1 bentov 1 nose 1 tripped 1 wide 1 finger 1 screamed 1 delusional 1 start 1 spattered 1 supernumerary 1 leftist 1 actually 1 sweated 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 fireman 1 obeying 1 pleasant 1 plaster 1 hiss 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 exodus 1 cap 1 diabolical 1 asteroids 1 rebuff 1 blown 1 madness 1 rats 1 peanut 1 vesuvius 1 detritus 1 bugs 1 hoof 1 sake 1 salon 1 soldiers 1 prey 1 ted 1 patterns 1 argot 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 hoping 1 palatable 1 most 1 writers 1 roof 1 look 1 passenger 1 hometown 1 desert 1 flocks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 topple 1 kin 1 windmilling 1 ducked 1 gelded 1 yawned 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 smashup 1 76 1 bandits 1 left 1 fact 1 seen 1 shifted 1 refer 1 vowed 1 noisy 1 sweep 1 means 1 garbage 1 utilitarian 1 thoroughly 1 recall 1 underrepresented 1 armed 1 crush 1 coffin 1 screen 1 cherub 1 atom 1 probably 1 postscript 1 slime 1 plenty 1 maze 1 fixated 1 swaggart 1 disgorged 1 fly 1 dignity 1 gum 1 less 1 vodka 1 decided 1 lovingly 1 cargo 1 skull 1 stuck 1 crashing 1 lately 1 sunrise 1 instruments 1 teeming 1 deserted 1 trey 1 circle 1 died 1 crucifix 1 science 1 mr 1 slashed 1 churches 1 worry 1 scraped 1 grew 1 millennial 1 mob 1 fizzled 1 committee 1 stretcher 1 calcified 1 whale 1 glass 1 relegated 1 wax 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 habit 1 excavated 1 chronicles 1 engine 1 hiding 1 appraising 1 brush 1 focus 1 scratch 1 begin 1 geologically 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 superstructures 1 likely 1 peeping 1 sighed 1 political 1 somebody 1 steady 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 valleys 1 i ' ve 1 france 1 salvo 1 ditch 1 escape 1 genuflect 1 handball 1 brave 1 pregnant 1 ellipses 1 sleek 1 confuses 1 manual 1 sigh 1 demolished 1 carpet 1 lovecraft 's 1 twitching 1 turnout 1 makeshift 1 follows 1 design 1 worried 1 american 1 slit 1 olives 1 wingtip 1 planted 1 occurred 1 muttered 1 parents 1 caroming 1 term 1 ash 1 university 1 what 's 1 quarantined 1 trickling 1 fueled 1 phosphorescent 1 flightless 1 chords 1 entered 1 immunized 1 discovered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 teams 1 hung 1 soft 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 kilroy 1 blared 1 washington 1 have n't 1 earnest 1 inscrutable 1 worse 1 lone 1 suckers 1 genocide 1 doctors 1 critics 1 so - called 1 muzzle 1 arizona 1 row 1 beheld 1 rippling 1 prances 1 sheaves 1 none 1 pool 1 napkins 1 is n't 1 scales 1 erratic 1 trolling 1 insurance 1 all - star 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 marker 1 early 1 fig 1 murder 1 trade 1 hurry 1 form 1 telescopically 1 morris 1 vanished 1 ribs 1 ca nt 1 continental 1 automatic 1 impatiently 1 overwhelming 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 walls 1 floe 1 hurried 1 consensus 1 tigers 1 ah 1 steeples 1 veins 1 impulse 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 dali 's 1 weekday 1 faults 1 peyote 1 universal 1 waited 1 recitation 1 best 1 paradigms 1 korean 1 aloud 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 psychotic 1 tattoos 1 biblically 1 animals 1 cortex 1 also 1 bled 1 asphalt 1 folded 1 quest 1 aboard 1 shacking 1 satchels 1 thunderheads 1 hunkered 1 albeit 1 coach 1 seahawks 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 assume 1 galleries 1 strung 1 paw 1 parameters 1 receive 1 slammed 1 starters 1 baseball 1 cut 1 papers 1 welles 1 precisely 1 easy 1 coming 1 tortoise 1 broom 1 join 1 ruined 1 authentic 1 plains 1 packed 1 likes 1 rolling 1 camera 1 safer 1 arches 1 page 1 sam 1 socket 1 estimation 1 shape 1 compulsion 1 example 1 amsterdam 1 mrs 1 north 1 violins 1 computer 1 staccato 1 convulsive 1 coagulated 1 rorschach - eats - escher 1 christ 1 high - strung 1 abyss 1 shortly 1 physicist 1 you 'll 1 spark 1 u 1 chinese 1 bulls 1 breached 1 avarice 1 imperative 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 quavered 1 globe 1 showed 1 filled 1 string 1 rustled 1 upstream 1 attraction 1 grunted 1 seabeds 1 suddenly 1 bottle 1 pakistan 1 poets 1 production 1 boiled 1 michelangelo 1 outskirts 1 flower 1 anguish 1 frown 1 throat 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 week 1 despite 1 curtain 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 israel 1 korea 1 shiny 1 alien 1 stingers 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 grabbed 1 submarine 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 ice 1 columns 1 pointed 1 chin 1 message 1 belly 1 encyclopedic 1 spent 1 magic 1 softly 1 chickens 1 taste 1 returned 1 carrier 1 portuguese 1 perhaps 1 greasy 1 gabe 1 loop - de - loops 1 self - limiting 1 trying 1 gives 1 above 1 help 1 consciousness 1 noise 1 cruel 1 wobbly 1 facts 1 obviously 1 rags 1 authoritarian 1 seal 1 studied 1 figures 1 cracked 1 lights 1 nonexistent 1 curses 1 bit 1 grasp 1 birds 1 urban 1 knew 1 swig 1 trigger 1 sure - enough 1 flounder 1 laundry 1 snakes 1 nature 1 mayfly 1 eye 1 market 1 fight 1 colossal 1 sculptors 1 blue - haired 1 mitts 1 swam 1 vomited 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 certain 1 elicits 1 barrel 1 amount 1 china 1 police 1 swooned 1 told 1 celebrity 1 blowing 1 prophecies 1 famous 1 promised 1 intervals 1 gondwanaland 1 trickled 1 indoor - outdoor 1 fine 1 heads 1 pol 1 caverns 1 chick 1 entr'acte 1 hide 1 smiling 1 w 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 thieves 1 watch 1 properly 1 presses 1 paragraphs 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 glyphs 1 empire 1 hip 1 known 1 atop 1 shotgunned 1 disaffected 1 reformed 1 unyoked 1 positively 1 squalid 1 teepee 1 ho - hum 1 curled 1 bullied 1 grief 1 palpitations 1 rituals 1 laurasia 1 salad 1 digital 1 stunned 1 house 1 sports 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 amounted 1 earth 1 outside 1 center 1 glitzy 1 knowing 1 pundits 1 print 1 breadth 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 lighted 1 calculus 1 glimpsed 1 substance 1 although 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 girl 1 wondered 1 lance 1 prestidigitation 1 heavies 1 humanity 1 agreed - upon 1 quickest 1 speaking 1 red 1 practically 1 unlaced 1 infrequent 1 might ' ve 1 apologetically 1 zen 1 ants 1 unless 1 ablaze 1 timid 1 kick 1 orchestra 1 mostly 1 slogans 1 hours 1 canvas 1 crevices 1 jacks 1 wavering 1 supercollider 1 anyway 1 proliferated 1 frozen 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 speak 1 darkness 1 cymbal 1 sad 1 gorillas 1 warned 1 tick 1 adam 's 1 painted 1 ticket 1 recesses 1 stoics 1 kudzu 1 informal 1 suits 1 typeset 1 self - styled 1 portfolio 1 high - rise 1 details 1 trademark 1 childhood 1 height 1 trundling 1 bullring 1 cappella 1 klaxon 1 bathroom 1 fleshly 1 swelling 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 russia 1 staggering 1 caught 1 grass 1 domesticated 1 oh 1 specialized 1 language 1 bag 1 carrying 1 recording 1 emotional 1 media 1 radiation 1 pick 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 somber 1 blue 1 drive 1 oscillator 1 mail 1 saved 1 somewhere 1 polyester 1 date 1 wheel - well 1 rubber 1 buy 1 wield 1 sometime 1 whips 1 mirror 1 orbit 1 outrage 1 widening 1 interrogative 1 static 1 lasted 1 coliseum 1 stand 1 fist 1 undulating 1 calling 1 brand 1 care 1 subterranean 1 heat 1 brass 1 squirming 1 map 1 reverberations 1 fujimoto 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 metropolis 1 case 1 eerie 1 predator 1 bucket 1 haze 1 bred 1 surface 1 slip 1 painters 1 sweeny 's 1 defined 1 fearless 1 complexity 1 smelling 1 brandished 1 unoccupied 1 pithy 1 animal 1 changing 1 circles 1 shins 1 cheap 1 purple 1 lowercase 1 despised 1 crawled 1 frenchman 1 clash 1 licked 1 wound 1 truly 1 grin 1 allen 1 citizens 1 seat 1 happened 1 engendered 1 lutheran 1 remnants 1 random 1 smart 1 answer 1 starbucks 1 half - expected 1 napoleon 1 butts 1 buck 's 1 sumo 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 blokes 1 surge 1 opened 1 shtick 1 added 1 rocket 1 grab 1 murky 1 hottie 1 hammering 1 couple 1 large 1 sense 1 dwarf 1 brothers 1 mystics 1 lawyers 1 hands 1 sidewalk 1 physically 1 gathered 1 helm 1 are 1 memories 1 rabbit 1 become 1 my 1 central 1 silverware 1 letter 1 smeared 1 murmuring 1 karma 1 ha - ha 1 muzak 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 plate 1 krakatoa 1 rosary 1 cousin 1 prufrock 1 sandwich 1 thinking 1 camelot 1 microwaved 1 guards 1 cockroaches 1 serenade 1 splinter 1 overpasses 1 enraged 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 crosswalk 1 hearts 1 heaven 1 tagged 1 calendars 1 work 1 psychiatric 1 downtown 1 maneuvers 1 cruisers 1 tongs 1 epoch 1 service 1 emerged 1 forever 1 plummeted 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 jimmy 1 horror 1 revollution 1 feeling 1 nubile 1 outta 1 peeled 1 nanotech 1 dumb 1 multitudinous 1 circuit 1 spectrums 1 nomenclature 1 remotely 1 pencil 1 sleepy 1 sleeve 1 amalgamation 1 transplants 1 countries 1 trumpet 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 finished 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 panic 1 customer 1 accompanied 1 flexed 1 bird 1 double 1 squeeze 1 xenophobe 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 restraint 1 spoons 1 year 1 sprawled 1 among 1 muscles 1 talon 1 soap 1 hitler 1 fawn - eyed 1 crawling 1 steerage 1 hash - house 1 proportion 1 breakfast 1 wealth 1 hovered 1 wind 1 cover 1 preference 1 knocked 1 seagulls 1 skin 1 milliseconds 1 combed 1 rain 1 preoccupation 1 interred 1 mash - allah 1 theories 1 captured 1 teacher 1 very 1 nonetheless 1 blinking 1 warrant 1 tight 1 were n't 1 became 1 dry 1 stairs 1 ledges 1 dilated 1 numbers 1 percent 1 exactly 1 smashed 1 traffic 1 stars 1 crackpot 1 dragnets 1 stuffed 1 preferably 1 curtains 1 torched 1 coverage 1 artificial 1 bear 1 drift 1 algorithm 1 ring 1 sailor 's 1 pudding 1 billion 1 sat 1 zookeeper 1 vitus 1 roadmap 1 hunk 1 tower 1 lunatic 1 cars 1 deep 1 meticulously 1 cop 1 regularity 1 bouncing 1 domes 1 quality 1 encrypted 1 food 1 often 1 raw 1 vision 1 thus 1 panicky 1 conjecture 1 warps 1 flowed 1 hundred - thousand 1 meteorites 1 antenna - twitch 1 felt 1 resonated 1 revolving 1 named 1 branches 1 smirking 1 query 1 prison 1 isosceles 1 bags 1 evolution 1 incorrectly 1 allow 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 propriety 1 dim 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 nude 1 volcanic 1 proximate 1 overrun 1 fiend 1 eaten 1 clay 1 coke 1 alarm 1 boss 1 hike 1 delicious 1 copasetic 1 dryers 1 chain 1 obsessing 1 territory 1 fumbling 1 put 1 slid 1 trash 1 catching 1 filtered 1 prehistoric 1 visited 1 chaos 1 nothing 's 1 coalition 1 motorcycle 1 beer 1 drones 1 plaza 1 exhibited 1 theoretically 1 problems 1 turbans 1 commercially 1 hysteria 1 must 1 whorls 1 needle 1 looters 1 faces 1 beans 1 pocket 1 herbal 1 faded 1 bow 1 pulled 1 shoes 1 oppy 1 astride 1 anybody 's 1 gods 1 radar 1 crackling 1 dogs 1 bum 1 boards 1 watched 1 machines 1 chanted 1 suffered 1 within 1 led 1 tongue 1 covers 1 new - wave 1 cosmic 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 off - key 1 ready 1 jellyfish 1 dope 1 trip 1 track 1 she 's 1 pills 1 because 1 tiny 1 statue 1 bank 1 decade 1 tour 1 train 1 parka 1 deflated 1 monogrammed 1 mantra 1 sideways 1 treacherous 1 asked 1 blew 1 knees 1 done 1 gaping 1 spring 1 struggle 1 iran 1 studded 1 hammer 1 triple 1 candlewick 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 cake 1 sledgehammers 1 orson 1 oblong 1 shore 1 synapses 1 scores 1 spear 1 nightmare 1 buffalo - skin 1 nor 1 wadded 1 scared 1 decency 1 wander 1 prop 1 swallowed 1 woody 1 skeletons 1 coast 1 remote 1 chromatic 1 stark 1 drying 1 apprehend 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 promises 1 fruit 1 scratched 1 darkened 1 malignant 1 further 1 masochist 's 1 dictator 's 1 sign 1 daycare 1 change 1 are n't 1 laughed 1 friggin ' 1 thirty 1 called 1 spy 1 puppets 1 lurked 1 suv 1 looming 1 bibles 1 unnatural 1 stress 1 disenfranchised 1 extinction 1 ghetto 1 flaccid 1 foamed 1 cried 1 does n't 1 shaking 1 sinister 1 speculation 1 conviction 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 onward 1 mindless 1 slavered 1 sort 1 game 1 drank 1 mariners 1 counterclockwise 1 former 1 slang 1 c 1 fantasy 1 out - sprinting 1 training 1 devolved 1 fifty 1 while 1 herd 1 cradle 1 refrigerator 1 held 1 pierced 1 slobbered 1 fiddle 1 bullet 1 shutting 1 rappers 1 heroin 1 unshakable 1 school 1 popeye 1 hoops 1 conspired 1 fell 1 pause 1 stepped 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 paint 1 wore 1 pod 1 holocaust 1 granite 1 charities 1 habitations 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 present 1 starlet 1 heavy 1 decaying 1 night 1 wherever 1 bursting 1 intellectual 1 flare 1 would - be 1 waldo 1 common 1 cockroach 1 wept 1 supposed 1 tag 1 excommunicated 1 terrorized 1 sang 1 century 1 brahma 1 spelled 1 temples 1 quiet 1 boil 1 clock 1 list 1 glowering 1 ineffably 1 glance 1 leave 1 billboards 1 irritated 1 section 1 babies 1 tunnel 1 side 1 contours 1 ax 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 social 1 completely 1 homes 1 short 1 starboard 1 recliner 1 paid 1 seventy 1 atheists 1 cinematographer 1 snore 1 gleaming 1 traces 1 stephen 1 epiphany 1 rattling 1 us 1 gulag 1 stinking 1 shop 1 butter 1 years 1 bought 1 fur 1 foundation 1 tweaking 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 hugged 1 shambles 1 repair 1 mosaics 1 counter 1 soul 1 before 1 checked 1 handwriting 1 room 1 high 1 h 1 consumed 932 .
how is this rocket science ?
it did nt take a rocket scientist to understand that it was nothing but propaganda , a show .
m16 's , grenades , rocket launchers , and food could all be in the truck .
he lifted a rocket launcher onto his shoulder and fired it through the window of my apartment .
it ai nt rocket science you know .
they were cone - shaped , like rocket nose - cones .
sadly for stan and the whole town , a bottle rocket went off course and landed on the roof of the store .
he came up like a rocket , gasping and clawing and sending waves rolling in every direction .
you did nt have to be a rocket scientist to see the connection .
its not rocket surgery .
t- 6 seconds main engine start , then finally the moment they had all been waiting for , t-0 seconds solid rocket booster ignition .
the time lag from full lever down to magneto - plasma rocket propulsion was five seconds at most , and then , after what appeared to be an infinitesimal flux in time , the shuttle ghostly raced from its natural earth orbiting speed of seventeen - thousand miles per hour up to its maximum capability of seventy - two - thousand miles per hour .
suddenly elias thought he saw a light up ahead and was just about to say so when a rocket propelled grenade flew passed them and exploded on impact when it hit a ramshackle building fifty feet behind them .
lower underbelly and wing mounted delta v variable control rocket boosters .
fire delta v variable control rocket boosters .
chapter 3 : riding the rocket thom and i got into his car in record time ; circus clowns could nt have done it faster .
an arrow whistled in from behind him , sounding something like a bottle rocket , and plunged itself near the spine of his back .
modified to a strictly pg set of guidelines , he appeared to be a small naked boy with wings and a toy rocket held at crotch level .
also a rocket launcher .
if only because every man dreams of playing with a thing that literally launches rockets .
it had a small etching , a crude rocket ship , zooming through an empty sky with a fiery blast spewing from its tail .
i said , pointing out the rocket on the medallion and the similar rocket in the cherub statue 's hand .
i said , pointing out the rocket on the medallion and the similar rocket in the cherub statue 's hand .
is it really that far into the realm of impossibility that a small rocket decoration would make this conspicuously placed fountain shift aside to reveal another secret underground base ?
` ` we 're all starving wes , '' my female companion said , deftly forgetting about the rocket stone .
i left the rocket medallion resting , ill - fitting , in the fountain .
` ` if this was thunderbirds , a rocket would shoot out of there any moment , sound - tracked by a triumphant , orchestral score .
` ` might be a rocket , '' i said .
` ` it is n't a rocket , wes . ''
as in , the rocket he fired did not hit his intended target , but he fucked up in a way that achieved success .
and i fired a rocket at her .
08:15pm rocket safety tips .
his toy rocket and most of his arm had blown clean off and the rest of his stone body was scorched black .
when that did n't work , he yanked out a fucking rocket launcher and blew a hole in the top of the building . ''
` ` he fired a rocket at his mum ? ''
i doubt any human on earth would know precisely what to say to a man who had blown his own mother up with a rocket .
` ` i ' ve got the rocket launcher though , '' nelson reminded us , as if we might forget .
you ca n't shoot a bear with a rocket , it 's probably illegal .
having a rocket to potentially shoot at anything , never mind bears , is illegal .
he 'd already slid a third rocket into the launcher , his last one by my count .
the rocket launcher poked out of the hold - all like the head of a fashionista 's yappy pet chihuahua .
nelson took aim , then fired his final rocket .
the russians promised to keep the soyuz open to us , but then there was a fracas in some former soviet bloc country or another and we sided against them , and they told us exactly where we could stick their rocket .
they are n't rocket scientists , the light will confuse them plenty .
before i could catch my breath , the other one 's figure shot up like a rocket without noise or light , and my head swung like a hinge to the left .
she stamped her foot down on the gas and the hot little sports car took off like a rocket .
i might not be a rocket scientist , but that seems like quite an invasion of privacy issue to me .
he swooshed by like a rocket with his eyes shut tight , anticipating the terrible impact that never came , but a second later he felt a strange new sensation that of leaving the earth !
for a moment afterward , there was a pause of dead silence as everyone present was stunned by the rocket like lifting of the ball , which seemed to defy gravity and quickly disappeared from all eyes as it left the stadium .
there d be a manhunt and it would nt take a rocket scientist to see the connection .
and when that big opportunity finally arrived , angelo did nt just climb the ladder of success , he shot through the stratosphere like a goddamn rocket .
okay , so it ai nt rocket science .
i am sat in the cold embrace of such melancholy when the first rocket fires from one of the residential properties on the edge of the base and blows the tail end of the puma to pieces .
sneezer sped off like a lit bottle rocket and did nt stop until he had completely expended the air in his lungs .
they learnt to swear , sharing any new word ( even if the meaning at the time was not clear ) with each other and having deep psychological discussions on subjects ranging from how to send a rocket to the moon and just what made girls and really brainy lads so crap at football .
a more basic and slower hyper dive along with gallons upon gallons of rocket fuel .
a basic figure of a man heading right for the exit , which in this case took on the form of a crudely drawn rocket ship .
fire erupted from the back of the pipe as the rocket sped in a straight line directly into the garage .
uh , george , you got any more rockets for that thing ?
george dropped the rocket launcher onto the back seat .
what about the rocket launcher ?
i used the last rocket the day we left lynchburg , george said .
jess laughed as he keyed the microphone , he s up at altitude taking care of your rocket problem .
you shot up those stairs like a rocket .
he had been watching me , and neither of us saw the second rocket .
they fired small rocket grenades that blasted through the smooth and infused layers of the cursed animals .
from the looks of it neither mom nor dad had been a rocket scientist because they were making minimal progress .
when i walked through the blacked - out glass door of the dumpy establishment , i headed for the men 's room like i had a rocket shoved up my ass .
the people with the glowing eyes did n't move as it started to roll , burning rubber as it shot toward them like a rocket .
if i press this magic red button , it will fire the srb -- the solid rocket booster .
another adjustment of the controls changed the view once more , the screen now showing a tight - shot of what looked like the bottom of the rocket -- where the flames shoot out during launch .
he saw a small child strapped to a chair at the mouth of a rocket ; the boy screaming and crying in unfathomable terror .
it exhibited a degree of care and gracefulness that had n't been present in its previous movements as it scraped some of the metal aside , leaving only the set of three rocket boosters sitting on the ground .
another buzz sounded out , and the rockets seemed to snap to the casing around its waist ; some unseen energy holding them in place .
` ` live , '' it said to them as a torrent of flame spewed from the rocket boosters , smoke engulfing it as it slowly rose into the blue above .
after her first tour of duty , she applied to the naval academy , and from that point on , her career took off like a rocket .
it did nt take a rocket scientist to realize the extent of what was happening to the world , and he correctly figured the best place to be was anywhere but a major city .
even if he sent up a rocket they probably would n't notice .
he obtained a motorcycle license and cruised the open highways in his ninja - style crotch rocket .
and on this particular friday , he did , in fact , ride his ninja - style crotch rocket to the office .
for a moment her breath caught as she expected the worst , only to be released when she saw that he had nt found a rocket launcher or something worse .
she set it up so that the front part of the rocket peeped through the fence , pointing a direct course to the hibachi restaurants open back door .
then she moved to the side opposite sven , giving the rocket about ten feet of clearance .
he was giving the rocket at least fifteen feet of clearance .
then the rocket exploded off its stand with a loud pop , kicking up a clod of smoking dirt behind it .
sven saw the fire of the explosion glint off the blade of the butcher knife lorie was clutching , and then he turned to follow the rocket .
drugs were going strong in one corner : pot , coke , barbs , someone was even riding the rocket .
a rocket launcher !
they had a god - damn rocket launcher and a direct hit would tear his head off .
the word was : nuts there was a sudden blinding barrage of rocket shells , and renshaw backed away .
the rest would be outside the bathroom door with the rocket launcher .
( for a limited time only ) 1 rocket launcher 20 surface - to - air ' twister ' missiles 1 scale - model thermonuclear weapon fedship asn/29 fell out of the sky and crashed .
that thing 'd go out of the parking lot like a rocket , spraying gravel everywhere .
it hurt like a mother and a bright red rocket went off behind his eyes , but he still had time to be grateful that his nose had gone between the bars rather than into one .
here was a daddy bigger than the house beside which he stood had to be the first heron 's roost smoking a cigar the size of a rocket .
there was a whoosh like the world 's biggest bottle rocket overhead .
` ` forrester used a rocket launcher . ''
either they were still trying to stay secret enough to avoid this many cops , or they had n't expected edward to be packing a rocket and they 'd retreated to rethink their plans .
also on the program : a movietone newsreel that showed the latest paris fashions and the latest vanguard rocket explosions at cape canaveral , two warner brothers cartoons , one popeye cartoon , and a chilly willy cartoon ( for some reason the hat chilly willy wore always cracked richie up ) , and prevues of coming attractions .
the ceiling rose and then began to diminish above them like some weird rocket .
the door opened and eddie 10 the losers all together / 1:20 p.m. saw stan and richie just coming out of the costello avenue market , each of them eating a rocket on a push - up stick .
` ` how about a lick on your rocket ? ''
reluctantly , richie held his rocket up to eddie 's mouth ... and snatched it away quickly as soon as eddie had gotten in a couple of moderately serious licks .
as dr hale turned back onto west broadway , a manhole cover in front of the mueller place suddenly lifted off like the pay load of a redstone rocket .
i heard her , as faint as a space - traveller leaving the solar system in the nosecone of a burned - out rocket , thank someone for the cookies .
` ` rocket man was my favorite .
except , of course , for such arcana as the rocket man serials and the nancy drew books .
the bad guys put rocket man - only it was rocket man in his secret identity - into a car that did n't have any brakes , and then they welded all the doors shut , and then they started the car rolling down this twisty - turny mountain road .
the bad guys put rocket man - only it was rocket man in his secret identity - into a car that did n't have any brakes , and then they welded all the doors shut , and then they started the car rolling down this twisty - turny mountain road .
` ` so there was poor old rocket man , stuck in that car without his rocket pack or even his special helmet with the one - way eyes , trying to steer and stop the car and open the side door , all at the same time .
` ` so there was poor old rocket man , stuck in that car without his rocket pack or even his special helmet with the one - way eyes , trying to steer and stop the car and open the side door , all at the same time .
and here came the car , with rocket man still trying to put on the brakes or bash the door open , and then ... over it went !
the car went over the cliff , and all the kids in the theater were cheering because rocket man got out , but i was n't cheering , paul .
she suddenly leaped at him with that limber ferocity , and although he felt certain she meant to hurt him as she had before , possibly because she could n't get at the dirty birdie of a scriptwriter who had cheated rocket man out of the hudson before it went over the cliff , he did not move at all - he could see the seeds of her current instability in the window of past she had just opened for him , but he was also awed by it - the injustice she felt was , in spite of its childishness , completely , inarguably real .
the pepsi bottle looked almost as big as the nosecone of a titan - ii rocket .
if someone had delivered all twenty reels of the new rocket man chapter - play to annie 's house , would she have waited , parcelling out only one a week , or even one a day ?
it had yawned wide open again , and the book rushed toward its climax the way the best ones did , as if on a rocket sled .
if danforth keeton 's a hand grenade , that man 's a rocket launcher . ''
he leaned closer to her and said , ` ` he 's not a rocket launcher .
like a rocket when the third - stage booster kicks in .
her cheekbones were clearly defined for the first time since high school , when she had decided her mission in life was to eat every yodel and ding - dong and hoodsie rocket in the world .
you could have been out of here like a rocket . '
for a second it seems ( and slow motion replays prove that the eye 's split - second impression is correct ) that the roof of the house has lifted off its eaves like a saturn rocket .
the return of rocket man .
when she wore one of those clingy cardigan sweaters , you could see her little nipples just as clear , made erect by the friction as they rubbed against the wool , and if a man could get ahold of those tits and rub them just a little , just a little , mind you , a slut like that would go off just like a rocket ... .
i tell you , this whole place is gon na go sky - high someday , and i just hope that fat fuck 's here to ride the rocket .
a rocket exploded in his head , leaving a contrail of stars ... and then nothing .
glen , susan stern , dayna , and stu took as much firepower as they could find - about 2 dozen rifles , some grenades , and - yes , folks , it 's true - a rocket launcher .
as i write now , harold and stu are trying to figure out the rocket launcher , for which there are 17 or 18 rockets .
as i write now , harold and stu are trying to figure out the rocket launcher , for which there are 17 or 18 rockets .
he was the one who suggested stu help him with that dangerous rocket launcher , and but here they come back now .
and riding in their van , atop a giant tanker with pillow tires , he saw himself , and knew that the truck was filled with jellied napalm ... and behind him , in column , were trucks loaded with pressure bombs and teller mines and plastic explosive ; flame throwers and flares and heat - seeking missiles ; grenades and machine guns and rocket launchers .
` ` an hour later , that goddam fuel truck goes up like a rocket .
then the jukebox took off again , sounding a little like a saturn rocket achieving escape velocity .
he felt a terrible joy lift through his conscious mind like a rocket , and jack sawyer lifted both hands over his upturned face , laughing , both in response to that joy and in imitation of its rise .
he hit the ground face - first like the nosecone of a defective rocket .
alan did n't think there was any way thad could have gotten from ludlow to castle rock in three hours short of rocket travel , not with a side - trip back to his house thrown in for good measure - a little side - trip during which , incidentally , he had kidnapped his wife and kids and killed a couple of state troopers .
' what rocket have you been riding ?
town - hall steeple took off like a rocket . '
the cardboard tubes would channel the force , send it up into the clock tower in a bright river of destructive power , and the tower would lift off like a rocket ; the shockwave would hammer the street of this fouled haven with destruction and destruction was what she wanted ; that want was part of her ' becoming . '
green fire spilled out through the jagged rent in the bricks , and the townhall tower began to rise , a surreal brick missile , a magritte rocket with a clock in its side .
the clock tower rose on this green torch , its sides now beginning to bulge outward c yet for an instant the illusion held : a brick rocket rising into the afternoon sky ... and through the roar of the explosion , the clock could be heard , belling out hour after hour .
and in the entire town only one person had actually seen that brick rocket rising into the air , like a madman 's grandiose dream .
this was no telepathic typewriter or water heater from space c this was a motherfucking brick rocket taking off from haven village , and that was it , everybody out of the pool , friends and neighbors , i have definitely blown my wheels .
whatever it had been , he was sure that some huge piece of brickwork had taken off like a rocket , and some of those new and improved explosives had been involved .
like a v-2 rocket , anne thought , an irish wake was powered by liquid fuel , and in both cases the liquid was the same .
and somehow , the thought of farting his way through his late sixties and early seventies like a defective rocket just did n't jibe with his fond picture of the golden years of retirement .
granny hilda agreed that pester was probably not the best word to use , but that she would simply have to leave aunt helen alone or with an adult , perhaps with , granny , grandpa drummond , or uncle will , helen 's husband , if he could get back from his rocket testing .
ben produces the apparent proof that this haul is from the 50s : a science fiction magazine , called amazing stories , with a picture of an astronaut running through flames away from a rocket ship .
could have been something that sent me straight to the bottom of the snoozing sea , or a pill that blasted my noggin into space like a one - legged cat with a rocket up its dumper .
we do nt have an elevator or a rocket pad on the roof they go into the wider world from .
if you are familiar with blue peter , a long running childrens tv programme on bbc1 , you ll be aware of the sessions during the show where the over - excited , and often patronizing , presenters show the young viewers how to build a space rocket from toilet rolls and sticky - back plastic , amongst other useless things , utilizing household items that are otherwise only fit for the recycling bin .
the guitar player took one more swig from the bottle in his hip pocket and then launched a rocket attack designed to cauterize the soul and scrape off any remaining nerve endings not just in the ears but in the inner reaches of the heart .
meanwhile , two motorbikes behind him , ginge was loading up a rocket launcher down in her sidecar .
ginge fired off a rocket that sailed under the bear , flying off into the forest to cause another huge explosion .
dad , i ve told you , they fired a rocket launcher !
get over yourself , i ve had many a rocket fired at me .
it did n't take a rocket scientist .
about his person had been flame throwers and rocket launchers , automatic pistols and a quaint variety pack of grenades , stun through fragmentation .
you see , ice cream trucks are the only things that keep their drivers from running out and lovingly smearing rocket popsicles all over our children 's plump cheeks .
the most prestigious of the turbine bikes is the megawatt rocket as owned by sticky harry , the leader of the dreaded cinderford association .
the megawatt rocket is the ultimate , the most efficient of the bikes currently available , using a modern bowman heat exchanger , parsons turbine and ultra efficient condenser system ; it also has an exhaust steam after cooler , reducing the need for frequent water stops .
a bottle rocket shot upward and spiraled down .
she was sat naked astride a rocket !
it should nt be so hard to figure out its not rocket surgery !
` ` are they rocket powered ? ''
contents yo - yo 's weekend david brining copyright david brining 2012 smashwords edition featuring : yo - yo , a teenage ginger - nut mister vanilla , a forty - stone jewel thief and criminal mastermind uncle reefer , a bored boarding - house manager aunty latch , his wife lily gusset , a reverse cross - dresser katze , the kab driver mrs lollipop , a bed - ridden widow baby , a talking blackbird doctor molasses , a medical man matron majeiski , ooh matron venus periwinkle , yo - yo 's mother from the wildcat circus truss , the circus manager thyme , the ring - mistress rue , the painted lady and thyme 's sister ruff , a ball - bouncing bear dax and jax , identical twins in a hall of mirrors catkin silver , the yuman cannonball the lettuce brothers , chicory , endive , kos , rocket , the clowns the czech mates , jezdec , strelec and vez , chess - playing trapeze artists jungle - juiced jake , a decrepit lion - tamer brian , a decrepit lion the people of york constable kipper , a beat policeman sigurd the skull - splitter , a viking chieftain a ghost walker martin mizzenmast , a schoolboy and chorister and not a buttock - barer wee jocko mctavish , a professional scotsman eleazar glenn , the two - hundred year old ghost of a six - year old child king richard iii , pub signboard , waxwork and king of england from 1483 until 1485 william etty r.a . , a victorian painter turned statue constantine the great , a fourth century roman emperor turned statue wackem thrashboy , a victorian schoolmaster the severed head of sir thomas percy , seventh duke of northumberland podgemeister and the twiglet , brothers ( or a rock band .
orange - hair 's endive , blue - hair 's rocket and violet - hair 's kos .
'' shit - head , '' says rocket , '' an ' chicory 's the shit - head . ''
'' we could make your wee jimmy into a space rocket '' yo - yo closes his eyes and sinks into the earth .
'' or complete twat , '' adds rocket unnecessarily .
'' bollocks to you , tit - head , '' says rocket .
the lettuce brothers leap into action '' he 's at the minster , you arse , '' snaps rocket .
'' well , i do , '' says rocket .
'' ask the newsagent , '' says rocket , who gets a jug of water poured down his trousers .
says rocket .
'' i do n't give a monkey 's , '' says rocket , '' long as i get paid .
'' what a load of shite , '' says rocket .
'' now now , rocket , '' says endive , '' you have to be open to feedback . ''
'' sorry , '' calls rocket , wiping a circle on the glass so the driver can see out but instead of the driver , it 's the chocolate labrador who grins back at the clown .
'' no , rocket , not the pie , '' cries chicory .
chicory stuffs a pie down rocket 's pants .
'' listen , buster , '' says rocket , '' do we look like weight - watchers ? ''
'' like little balls of knitting wool , all soft and cuddly , '' says rocket .
'' i thought you were going to say ' i am death , the bringer of death ' , '' says rocket .
'' it 's easy to say that now , '' says rocket , '' now you know it was red and even . ''
'' arse - biscuits , '' says rocket .
shouts rocket , '' leave me alone !
'' it 's a fecking plant , you moron , '' says rocket .
'' it was rocket ! ''
endive and chicory , baby and catkin , jake and mctavish , kipper and mizzenmast , kos and rocket , harry and christa , ruff and majeiskii grapple together .
her mood on rocket boosters , she twirled as she scooped up her cell phone off the coffee table .
as it went , the dust rose from its wheels , and it looked like a rocket car racing on utahs salt flats .
a far cry from a rocket surgeon irene went through life believing alaska an island , given its boxed representation on the maps of the united states .
a freaking rocket surgeon amongst us .
near the red line she let the clutch go , and shot like a rocket down the left shoulder .
jamming the gears from fourth through second and back up the scale again , i leaned into turns ducking limbs and leaves , bracing a leg against the ground on tight corners over loose gravel , coaxing the old machine to rocket - like responses when and where the pathway permitted .
the posting of the flash drive and note was done so efficiently i found myself back in the canister of a sidecar sooner than desired , again into the busy streets like a crazed rocket launched into an oncoming meteor shower .
is the rocket fuel of science ; its what propels science into a future that nobody can predict .
somehow , seemingly overnight , the bulk of the universe went missing ; and then scientists discovered that the particles from the original explosion are still accelerating , as if they each had little rocket boosters attached that were still firing -- how un - explosion - like !
when luke finally reaches his destination , he must fire a rocket into a small hole in the surface of the death star .
the rocket penetrates deeply into the interior where it erupts in a huge explosion that totally destroys the death star !
or , i ve got rocket pops .
ken went to the freezer and pulled out a wrapped multi - colored ice treat that was in the vague shape of a rocket .
she headed out the door with rocket pop in hand , and katrina on head .
he removed the warm wilted rocket , the splayed slice of gherkin and the limp excuse for a tomato , then after rolling the sorry salad into the damp film that had long lost its ability to cling , he pushed the moist bundle to the side .
this was not rocket science , and was so simple to achieve , that he found others ' unpunctuality irritating and unforgivable .
the combination of two hot toddies and a new found confidant had elevated the reverend colin wheatsheaf into something verging on a sky rocket ; give or take an ounce of cumbersome insecurity as he scrutinized his first pickled egg .
there was silence , but the sort you get just before a building demolition or a rocket launch .
something approaching a 90 mph gust of wind suddenly strikes , and the tent launches itself towards the storm clouds of the night sky with all the propulsion of a saturn rocket powering another apollo trip to the moon .
' i tell you one thing , ' he says , ' thanks to brenda ; yours truly might soon be a member of jimmy jet & the rockets . '
they talked about how some big piece of the city theresomething absolutely , positively inscrimpablehad been blown to pieces with the last rocket that was due to leave , and the place had failed .
the stick sped like a rocket down the pipe for four inches , then came to a dead stop and broke into three pieces .
then there were these two infuriating finks in model rocketry club who took the old lets torture james thing to an extreme and used to bash me over the head with my model rocket and call out sarcastically for everyone to hear : i launch you , alfred the asshole like i was a ship or something and they were christening me with a bottle .
he said this very seriously , as though he were telling me something completely scientific , like the speed a rocket would take to leave earths orbit or something he had calculated .
a giant white rocket with a small black capsule bolted to its tip hung in the sky .
fire , erupting from the powerful chemical engines of the atlas rocket , shook the atmosphere and created soft white clouds out of clear blue sky .
the rocket had enos shaking like the devil himself had crawled up under him .
the rocket headed out across the atlantic and slowly , but surely , disappeared into the upper atmosphere .
he left , far behind , those who did nt yet have what it took to ride a rocket .
if you ca nt come up with that , a rocket propelled grenade launcher .
she starts off saying so you 're a rocket scientist .
he may not be as impressive as a rocket scientist but still , its not every day you meet brad pitt ...
she goes from rocket scientist , to brad pitt to any po - dunk hillbilly with a goddamn car ! ''
he let out a yell that pierced through the rain like a rocket through the clouds and fell forward into elise , causing them both to fall into the shallow grave .
ricky rocket in the sixth , he replied , tapping the tip sheet in his hand .
ricky rocket never made it off the launching pad , did he ?
it survived a rocket attack with me in it .
durand was driving an economy car , for pity 's sake ; great fuel efficiency , but hardly bulletproof , much less rocket proof .
` ` leaving aside that it saved her from a rocket , i bet chapman was miserable in that thing , '' she said .
please give the poltroons at fh a rocket and make them list any nations with an occupying us army as at least partly free .
hell , even our toilet is a work of art part rocket , part crapper .
he hung onto the seat with white - knuckled hands as though titan rocket boosters were about to send him into orbit .
everything was neatly stowed away -- all of his tins of mcbowel 's exploding haggis , his cans of mcbowel 's inflammable porridge , and the reinforced steel containers of mcbowel 's rocket brand beans .
` ` you can trade it for fifty boxes of mcbowel 's rocket brand beans .
a short time later they arrived at a secret laboratory in the war room , where a flock of mad scientists was busily preparing a delivery rocket for the you have death !
hardened parts of the male anatomy can be called rocket ships that explode into space .
she did , and it rose like a rocket and then landed like a butterfly in an older gentlemans hands behind her .
the ball never got more than a foot off the ground ; it went like a rocket , hit the pin with full force and dropped into the hole .
they mixed up their measurement systems and the rocket crashed .
` ` she was put into a rocket and sent to tockworld because she heard it was full of compassionate ducks , '' said bagless .
his story about gluing them all together , making a huge rocket , and wandering about in outer space looking for elvis had seemed a bit fishy .
all the time chasing them through the house , listening to their yelling , breaking my toes on their guns and rocket launchers left on the floor .
the corvette shot by like a rocket while the impala skidded across the rumble strip and stopped on the shoulder .
skulls and rocket ships ?
` ` but i was too heavy for the booster rocket , so here i am , wandering as lonely as a cloud , a poor little orphan working as a recruitment fairy . ''
even with snow tires and the entire cast of biggest loser wedged in the trunk , my little v-6 skids with the ease of an ice skate with a rocket attached .
my efforts could easily pass for an ant colony after rocket missile attack .
ah 'll getcha off thet sub - stee - toot liquid rocket fuel .
like a rocket that flopped over on the launching pad and failed to ignite .
or , even more to the fenwick point , a rocket that did n't even make it to the launching paid and was still at the factory being rewired .
but when the lieutenant let fly with his ak it did n't take a linguistic rocket scientist to figure out what was shaking .
escalade / bush 's endocrine central let fly with a tsunami of adrenalin that rolled right over the beta blockers in his atenolol high blood pressure medicine and his blood pressure took off like a 4th of july bottle rocket .
he took a beer from the fridge and sat down , his rocket eyes watching my every movement .
you do nt have to be a rocket scientist to see that whoever draws first always loses even if you do nt understand how it works .
some people would say that to strap oneself to a rocket and launch it into space is pure lunacy , and perhaps idiocy .
he did , after all , arrive strapped to a rocket .
most moon dwellers at least had the common sense to strap a rocket to them , as opposed to strapping themselves to rockets .
most moon dwellers at least had the common sense to strap a rocket to them , as opposed to strapping themselves to rockets .
what had incited arthurs interest the most was baris tale of how he had strapped himself to a rocket , shot himself to the moon , and tried to commit suicide by jumping to earth .
towards the end of my studies in university i was walking in the forest one evening , and i came across an old rocket .
but then i found this rocket .
from the moment i found it , the rocket was mine .
after dinner that night , i snuck out to the woods and tied myself to the rocket , and then tied additional explosives to myself .
once i got the rocket started up , i lit the fuses attached to the fireworks attached to myself .
this only further drove him to madness , and caused him to be tired and irritable all the time , and so his mind was never all too clear , especially so when he came across a rocket laying in the middle of the woods .
indeed , it was inside that cornucopia that he saw himself tie himself to a rocket and launch off into space .
upon turning his attention back to the cornucopia , he noticed that the event with the rocket was unfolding again .
shane turns into a rocket man .
range of all the weapons i ' ve used - pistols , revolvers , submachine guns , laser cannons , machine guns , rifles , grenade chuckers , tanks , zip guns , mini guns , rocket launchers , and ballistic missile silos - not once on a video game did i ever have to zero a weapon .
only i do not , instead i get to the open window on the side of the van and place my order can i have a special with everything on for the kid and ill have a strawberry rocket please ?
and about the time i would have graduated from high school we got the chance to make that album , what we thought was our big break , our rocket to stardom .
from rocket 88 of course , everyone knows that story .
like a rocket .
when i left home , i escaped my parents , a rocket blasting towards mars .
the plan involved the construction of a large umbrella rocket that would launch into space , locking into orbit around the sun .
the umbrella rocket would line up perfectly in front of the earth , orbiting at the same velocity .
once detonated , the umbrella rocket would expand , shielding the earth from the suns light , pluming into a shading penumbra , blocking all of the suns rays and warmth from entering into the earth , shading the earth from the exposed for the rest of eternity .
he would round up the most accomplished cowboy from the south , send him off into space on a rocket pony , where the space cowboy would then hog - tie the star .
the earth does nt even contain enough material to build a rocket that can blow up the sun , or build an ice cream scoop that could remove the sun , or whittle a rope long enough to hog - tie the sun , or any of these other blueprints that you think will actually work !
lacy secretly thought that the umbrella rocket was unique , but did nt want to encourage troy in this direction .
she read those stories and understood that if the pilgrims could come across a big ocean in a little boat and people could get shot up in the air in tiny rocket ships , she could dern sure get a job and live alone for a while until she could find some friends to room with .
3rd germany fell in the year 2000the conventional wisdom was that germany was the stronger country compared to imperial japan , but in this world , heavy tanks and rocket planes were less important than the broad multiculturalism of the greater east asia co - prosperity sphere ; heavy tanks were never used in an atomic world .
they have their arms around each other , pressed against one another , passionately kissing , her breasts against his chest , and at that moment , he takes an explosive rocket ride among the heavenly stars .
in a spread out stance stood a figure that looked more menacing then a tank with a three rocket gun rack .
as it stood , the structure looked like a rocket in a cartoon about to blast off .
it was his first successful mission after years of solo rocket explosions .
his leg had been so badly hurt by the shrapnel from an exploding rocket grenade that the doctors were ready to amputate it before deciding that a series of operations had a thin chance of success .
r is for rocket , and river .
this was not rocket science , but nonetheless required a skill that was not always easy in coming .
although i ve been in on more than my share of launches , i m still not a rocket scientist , but it seems , amoi , that there just might be the teeniest and tiniest of links connecting the chaos we had out here tonight and the trouble that s been going on in mamas world .
the motor roared , protesting in rage against abuse of its power and pushed the small zodiac forward like a rocket .
i think we d ask them about computers or rocket engines or the cure for the common cold , first , tom said , regarding his wife with curiosity .
i mean , this was not a rocket science type of breakthrough , but it was the first time i realized how and what i ate .
betty took off like a rocket as sparks flew 20 - feet into the air with the force of the next impact against the side of the concrete overpass .
the air began to churn in our tiny rocket and my heart rose into my stomach , but mara did nt stop .
except for the occasional rocket attacks , everyones relaxing .
i was blessed when the hand held rocket hit the truck in the middle of baghdad .
the end yo - yo 's weekend david brining copyright david brining 2012 smashwords edition featuring : yo - yo , a teenage ginger - nut mister vanilla , a forty - stone jewel thief and criminal mastermind uncle reefer , a bored boarding - house manager aunty latch , his wife lily gusset , a reverse cross - dresser katze , the kab driver mrs lollipop , a bed - ridden widow baby , a talking blackbird doctor molasses , a medical man matron majeiski , ooh matron venus periwinkle , yo - yo 's mother from the wildcat circus truss , the circus manager thyme , the ring - mistress rue , the painted lady and thyme 's sister ruff , a ball - bouncing bear dax and jax , identical twins in a hall of mirrors catkin silver , the yuman cannonball the lettuce brothers , chicory , endive , kos , rocket , the clowns the czech mates , jezdec , strelec and vez , chess - playing trapeze artists jungle - juiced jake , a decrepit lion - tamer brian , a decrepit lion the people of york constable kipper , a beat policeman sigurd the skull - splitter , a viking chieftain a ghost walker martin mizzenmast , a schoolboy and chorister and not a buttock - barer wee jocko mctavish , a professional scotsman eleazar glenn , the two - hundred year old ghost of a six - year old child king richard iii , pub signboard , waxwork and king of england from 1483 until 1485 william etty r.a . , a victorian painter turned statue constantine the great , a fourth century roman emperor turned statue wackem thrashboy , a victorian schoolmaster the severed head of sir thomas percy , seventh duke of northumberland podgemeister and the twiglet , brothers ( or a rock band .
panning - out next m722law or rpg rocket launcher to tank battalion in the - city square !
back to the combat zone ... zed do you have rocket launcher ?
it would nt take a rocket scientist to figure out why .
and he found oconnor on the same page as the treasury secretary : it was nowhere near rocket science : if no one buys your products or services , you ll soon be out of business and on the street , cap in hand .
did nt take a rocket scientist darling , caroline says , tossing back the rest of her drink .
she looked as if she might launch like a bottle rocket .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to put a story together .
he was no rocket scientist but he was smart enough to know not to cross randal .
what was known was that the rocket would release a spherical vessel once it had left the atmosphere .
the spherical vessel would have rockets placed tangentially across its surface area , to enable the computers to move the ball in any third dimensional direction possible , which would be , effectively , straight ahead in the fourth dimension .
in a short period of time , the rocket , having left the atmosphere , released the ball .
the ball and the rocket distanced themselves from one another , but nothing else happened .
from the angle that the satellite captured the event , one rocket could be seen igniting for a split - second , and then the ball was gone .
later you hit beer on the pier because no one can go in to town unless you are on a tour because the local yokels hate the squids in rosey roads [ 48 ] so the base puts out some beers and the local wine for you for a buck a pop and some of the guys are getting pretty hammered sitting on the pier in the warm night with their legs dangling over the side looking down at the oily water and you are talking to the mess decks chief esteppa who is pretty hammered himself and buying you and mike beers and saying how that fish last night was pretty damn good , right kieffer while you and mike are talking about this 19 - year - old squid from the boat got himself killed buying a crotch rocket and running it into a bridge at about 110 [ 49 ] .
and you can see in his eyes that he can see in your eyes that you are really , really pissed , and mr . holden comes up and says we need to go and the uncle says wait and then he looks at you for a long time measuring , and says it makes you angry to see that and you say yes and he says very angry and you say yes very angry and he says i am sorry you are angry i am sorry that i send my sisters son to pick up bullets and rockets too , i am sorry that my son is dead but i would send him too , because you , and he waves at you and mr . holden and the marine , because you will leave soon and we , we will have to fight saddam again and we will need the bullets and rockets and there s not a goddam thing you can say to that , is there .
and you can see in his eyes that he can see in your eyes that you are really , really pissed , and mr . holden comes up and says we need to go and the uncle says wait and then he looks at you for a long time measuring , and says it makes you angry to see that and you say yes and he says very angry and you say yes very angry and he says i am sorry you are angry i am sorry that i send my sisters son to pick up bullets and rockets too , i am sorry that my son is dead but i would send him too , because you , and he waves at you and mr . holden and the marine , because you will leave soon and we , we will have to fight saddam again and we will need the bullets and rockets and there s not a goddam thing you can say to that , is there .
the first penetrated the port - side hull ; it failed to detonate , but spewed flaming rocket fuel in its path .
a shape leaned over the flame holding a bottle rocket , which caught fire and shrieked toward the bluff overhead .
framing houses ai n't rocket science but some do it better than others .
judy said , ` ` you have n't had any metal rods rocket through your skull , have you tommy ? ''
pinching the tip of the knife between three fingers , leon threw the red blade like a cartwheeling rocket into the stranger 's windpipe , severing his spinal column , ceasing his seizure , and sending the man into immediate paralysis .
she felt the aircraft rocket downward in descent .
he did nt care if i dug ditches or hauled garbage or became a rocket scientist , just so long as it was legal , but he made sure i was educated and could make the choice .
instead of she s off her rock , i got a tip about those kind of women , i sang , she s off like a rocket , tipped , a kind woman .
he stood the rocket up in a glass jar and lit the wicks near the upper rocket .
he stood the rocket up in a glass jar and lit the wicks near the upper rocket .
near the top of its arc , the lower rocket ignited and down they came driving straight at the ground .
as he put out the smouldering locks with his fingers , the last rocket lost its way , and smashed into an adjacent roof .
he s studying rocket science , remington said , pointing at me .
she told him that the doctors believed it was a combination of his long hours and his ailing heart but it did nt take a rocket scientist to figure that out .
zander screamed at rocket launch decibel .
she took off like a rocket towards my house , mumbling to herself the whole way about letting dianne out with a tomboy .
dyou fill the bus with rocket fuel ?
she prepared the tastiest fillet steak , rocket salad and crispy chips i have ever eaten ; followed up with my first ever bombed alaska .
i preferred the previous wallpaper with its racing cars and rocket ships .
she was pointing at the walls i had redecorated with my own drawings of cars , tanks and rocket ships .
they carry the concrete , steel and wood required for such a gargantuan task , as well as the men and ordnance ; countless shells and bullets , grenades and rockets to continue the good fight .
the endless massive acne scars of years of shell fire and rocket bursts .
like you i have grown up with the bombings and rocket strikes .
a couple of years ago , it must have been 1958 or ' 59 i think , we seemed to go the whole year without any bombings or rocket attacks .
hendricks says it must be some new type of rocket that jerry has developed , but rockets do n't have that kind of range , or at least i sincerely hope they do n't .
hendricks says it must be some new type of rocket that jerry has developed , but rockets do n't have that kind of range , or at least i sincerely hope they do n't .
a human being inside a large rocket that circled the whole earth .
a rocket that is not a glorified bomb .
i suppose they are worried that the germans might acquire the technology of such a large rocket and maybe turn it into a weapon somehow .
now the papers are saying it was some kind of new german rocket .
apparently a rocket that they can fire all the way from belgium to land on london .
or perhaps they did n't expect that rocket to hit the wall .
it was last week , just after that rocket attack , when h -- -- and i were lowered in the basket .
i was surprised that they did n't send all the concrete teams to help fix the split in the wall caused by the rocket .
there have been several more devastating rocket attacks in the city recently .
but now , these rocket attacks expose us all .
i do not know if this is being reported in england but a mass of rocket attacks utilising these new weapons of theirs has broken down the wall in several places .
they concentrated the rockets on places like ypres where they had already damaged the wall with that previous attack .
the rumours say their crawler tanks soon crossed the gaps followed by large concentrations of troops , artillery , rocket launchers and tracked troop carriers .
the scientists here say that the first rocket was aimed directly at westminster , supposedly hitting at eleven in the morning .
b.evelyn fitzpatrick was reported to be the leader of the women 's underground movement which organized protests and demonstrations and made connections with feminists both in france and here in america in the second half of the fifties and into the early sixties until the rocket attacks .
in the kitchen together ; i imagine they were just sat down at the table taking tea when the first atomic rocket hit .
as the clocks struck eleven , up went the first rockets , and down came the mens sledgehammers , smashing into angels heads , into the swollen bellies of phoenician urns , into daintily decorated porcelain garden lamps .
the rocket ship to oneness !
and each flake is a star , and i am a rocket , and they are rushing past me , and then i hear it .
and our business took off like a rocket .
i took off down our street like a rocket on fire .
my images of claire and i turning into sex and the city best buds disappeared , and i spent the rest of the day launching rsum rockets into cyberspace .
the bright pink sheet of a4 featured a crudely drawn rocket , with a long haired semi - naked girl astride it .
some of the songs were cover versions ( kansas city , get off my cloud , brown eyed handsome man ) but most of them were original songs with names like freight train blues , denim baby , bar room brawlers and rocket girl .
were not talking rocket science , he imagines .
' i hope you gave them a rocket , ' said mcandrews , and waited for a smile .
' like that thing , i wo n't have that in my pub , ' said the landlord , pointing to a sketch of stephenson 's ' rocket ' , the finished article to be in relief , executed in copper and mounted over the bar .
chapter two as we approached the entrance of the western asthma clinic and old folks home one saturday morning a year after the beatles incident , i remember seeing ahead the green girth of a saguaro cactus rising from a triangle of gravel like the stretched pelt of a reptile or a green rocket .
and we 're off like a rocket .
` ` they d start stroking me and i d rocket to the moon . ''
maggie floated just over him as ion accelerated like a rocket , gaining altitude very quickly as it flew back towards the doomed pier .
the air rushing around the invisible bubble protecting her sounded like a muted rocket .
chapter 8 i could nt let race think i was getting completely soft , so the next morning i woke him up by shooting a bottle rocket down the hallway .
it was sort of a ritual i d created , finding new and creative ways to get him off the couch before 9 a.m. for sheer reaction , the bottle rocket was the best thing i d thought of yet .
when the race restarted , addamsen tore up the track like he had a solid rocket booster strapped to the roof of his camaro .
there were rocket attacks on the capital city , felis , which razed the royal palace to the ground and may well have killed the king .
helicopters and jets were gathered over the suburban roofs , and even through the cracks of thunder we could hear the din of their engines and more ominously the crackle of rocket fire .
he sat up , clenching the armrest as if he were bracing for a ride aboard a saturn rocket .
not a rocket scientist .
` ` rocket propelled grenade , '' she added .
that toy rocket launcher your father broke on christmas morning .
dr . froelich is working on liquid rocket fuel .
this may sound insane , and i really hesitate to even mention it , but you do nt own a rocket .
ca nt we give her a little rocket juice ?
the transition from rocket blast to unpowered roll turned the world around them into a slow - motion movie .
da nang got hit with a heavy mortar and rocket attack about 6 hours ago .
they ve closed the runways until they can root out those mortars and rocket launchers .
the cat screamed again , and this time it flew out from beneath the cabin as if strapped to a rocket .
there was a black cadillac eldorado brougham and a new 57 chevy convertible , bright red with a white top , an oldsmobile with the rocket v-8 , a classic roadmaster buick , and a big , blue pontiac bonneville with the new 347 cubic inch engine .
ted , you sick fuck , my next shot is going to smack into your balls like a fuckin rocket ship , i snarled .
rick was no rocket scientist , but he knew a ship that small was not built for deep space travel .
i m not a rocket scientist or a biological scientist .
way you were pawing her , dawkins , who would have guessed your pocket rocket would n't ignite ? ''
his father worked as a machinist for a rocket engine manufacturer .
its not rocket science jack , concentrate on banks and if there is anything which takes you into the mist of conspiracy , check it out with bradstock .
the small rocket emerged and targeted tyana as expected , but before it arrived , karim rotated it 177o so that the heat source in front of it was now odin , who just had time to scream before he exploded .
> > oistrach listened with increasing disbelief as jove described the firing of the heat seeking rocket which then targeted odin , just as tyana had said it would after rotating in mid flight .
tyana was her first target , followed before the first rocket had gone ten feet by marcus , each with their back to her and chatting to jove who was watching with amusement as he knew what would happen .
each rocket turned in mid flight and targeted krast , stopping three feet away from her with rockets still flaring but going nowhere .
each rocket turned in mid flight and targeted krast , stopping three feet away from her with rockets still flaring but going nowhere .
he does nt look like the rocket scientist type , darby , i said sarcastically .
it hung over my head like the thrusters of a rocket engine running at full throttle .
he lunged for me like a rocket launched from a skid .
she launched the cousin rocket at him missing his head .
as soon as the mist vanishes , the temperature rises like a rocket .
two large red taillights glowed like the back of an amusement park rocket , burning in a night 's flight .
the two large taillights glowed like the back of an amusement park rocket , burning in a night 's flight .
there were six boats , each carrying six men armed with ak-47 machine guns , semi automatic pistols , grenades and two rocket launchers .
its not like its the formula for rocket fuel !
they have everything from handguns to rocket launchers .
he may not be a rocket scientist , but he was smart enough to know there was only one reason lisa would keep a rich clients files off bank premises .
it did nt take a rocket scientist to figure out it was nt dylan .
different picture , different last name , but that first name and the fact that you have nt changed much in looks despite your aging ; it does nt take a rocket scientist to figure it out .
she yelled for someone named ken , told him she was taking a break and gave him a set of rigid instructions that a rocket scientist would ve had a tough time following .
a moment later , the lexus whipped into the left lane , and then accelerated past the crown vic like a moon rocket on steroids .
obedient to the picture in her mind , a soldier - steve found himself with a rocket , and fired .
carefully making her way through the dolls , cowboys , trains , cars and model rocket ships lying around , she climbed over an old filing cabinet .
i think i d ratherhey , a red ranger razor rocket launcher !
would straker let me take the rocket launcher home ?
he had just wrapped his hand around the barrel of the rocket launcher when he suddenly yelped and fell backwards toward the floor .
its not rocket science or guesswork .
the anti - clutter stockpile reactor has been stolen along with four x-17s rocket motors .
what he was saying was that four state of the art , rocket engines each powerful enough to send a 10 - man space ship to the moon and back were missing .
an airline pilot had reported a strange craft that looked like a rocket but somehow had a familiar shape .
parked on what appeared to be a starting line , was a large , shiny red machine shaped more like a rocket although it straddled four big wheels , suggesting that it was meant to be a land vehicle .
he s in that hot rocket being prepared on the starting line , as we speak .
no sooner had botzi said this , when a brain cracking roar belched out of the rear of the land rocket , the blast knocking them flat into the salt .
all they could see was hot gas blasting from the rear of the rocket , a huge orange ball of flame marking the position of the racer .
the deal was to steal the portable anti - clutter reactor and four x-17 rocket motors , the most powerful ever made .
alby delivered four rocket motors to an agent in paris then flew the anti - clutter reactor to new york .
the heat in my face acts like rocket fuel through my whole body , throwing me out of the bed .
bombsquadnyc.com bomb squad nyc bombsquadnyc.com incident 1 : a danger to himself and others incident 2 : death march incident 3 : the long black hand incident 4 : blast from the past incident 5 : bottle rocket and more six short stories by joe c. ellis upper ohio valley books upper ohio valley books joe c. ellis 71299 skyview drive martins ferry , oh 43935 phone : 1 - 740 - 633 - 0423 email : joecellis @ comcast.net www.joecellis.com copyright joe c. ellis , 2014 printed in the u.s.a . first printing , february 2014 publishers note although this short story collection is set in actual places , the outer banks and the ohio valley , it is a work of fiction .
` ` it does n't take a rocket scientist to surmise who it was .
then he loaded a small rocket that katy took from the box .
smiley looked up , lifting the rocket launcher slightly from the ground , let me tell you , i see a man like that snake old beets was talking about at the garage , or if he make a mistake and come around here , that s be the last anyonell see of him , i m saying that for sure .
the smoke still drifted from the rocket blast as tench moved around to the front of the trailer to head back to his own home .
you like that rocket , do nt you ?
he wondered who the real terrorists were , this man with the shoulder fired rocket who wanted to kill non - whites , or the african doctor who desired revenge for the evil done to her country by whites .
mickey stuffed his phone in his pocket , took melia 's hand and launched himself off like a rocket .
we however have two problems to take care of as soon as possible or we all might crash and burn like a rocket space .
i push the car as fast as i dare before having to refuel and pray that the chasers have nt guessed my destination , but they know i m heading north , so it wo nt take a rocket scientist to figure that i m on this road .
he gave a little head feint in her direction , and pussy fields , or whatever the hell was her name , took off like a rocket out of the room .
i came up out of that dumpster like a rocket and over the fence , slippery footwear notwithstanding .
i imagined myself standing in the plume of a fiery rocket , a sublime display of the supernatural invading the world of mediocrity .
hydrazine was one of the components of rocket fuel used in the nazi rocket plane called the messerschmitt 163 .
hydrazine was one of the components of rocket fuel used in the nazi rocket plane called the messerschmitt 163 .
the real threat comes from someone on the show circuit noticing that the horse you 're masquerading as rocket is n't rocket at all , because rocket 's down at ol ' charlie 's place in south carolina right about now . ''
the real threat comes from someone on the show circuit noticing that the horse you 're masquerading as rocket is n't rocket at all , because rocket 's down at ol ' charlie 's place in south carolina right about now . ''
the real threat comes from someone on the show circuit noticing that the horse you 're masquerading as rocket is n't rocket at all , because rocket 's down at ol ' charlie 's place in south carolina right about now . ''
it did not take the intellect of a rocket scientist to see that this line of thinking was not productive .
i can feel the sweat on my face , in my hair , soaking through my clothes , i can feel my heart beating so fast its trying to escape from my chest , i can feel my body shake , i can feel my skin crawl and my stomach retch , i can hear it breath , still , beyond the heartbeat in my ears , in my soul , i can see but i ca nt see my vision is blurry it takes time , i ca nt really understand and then i do and i stare in front of me to see his face , tormenting me but he s not , he s not there , i do nt know why , and it takes me a couple of seconds , a few minutes more , maybe an hour or two until my vision is clear and i can hear again , and when i do i understand that actually i am alone , in this room , that he has really left and of course i wonder if this is good or bad as the artificial light fades slowly and the greyness becomes deeper , deeper until its black and i m left there , in the darkness , in the black , in the noiseless void , until of course i ca nt resist anymore and the fear runs out of me , like an express train , like a rocket , and i shout , i scream , i shriek and i cry , and i cry and cry until i ca nt anymore until a shroud of red touches the black until shit , shit , shit and i notice he s actually crying , maybe he s feeling my pain , shit shit shit but the words echo through my head like a ball bouncing in the void that s left there , and every time he says it , it goes bang , and it hurts whatm i gon na do , man ?
not the ` ` james bond , aston martin with missiles , boning the beautiful russian rocket scientist on an ermineskin bedspread '' sort of spy - more the ` ` bad comb - over , deep - cover bureaucrat fishing coffee - sodden documents out of a dumpster '' spy .
had n't taken a rocket scientist to figure out why .
jeremy waved him off and locked the door as blade fired up his land rocket .
like , say , bazookas or rocket launchers .
you did n't have to be a rocket scientist to see that these events were somehow related .
he and pete used to play rocket ships on the cracked concrete launch pads .
though it ca n't be rocket science .
i definitely do n't do one - night stands with sexy - as - hell men who know just how to touch me to make me go off like a rocket .
no man has ever been able to make me go off like a rocket .
he hooks his finger and starts to press against my g - spot , applying just enough pressure to have me shooting off like a rocket .
just a small amount of friction is all i need against my core , and i 'll be off like a rocket .
i ' m going to start calling you laser rocket arm .
i said nothing , but placed my palm on his cheek and rocked my h*ps against his , meaning just to encourage him , but when i did so , that tiny motion of rolling my body against him ... a rocket of heat shot through me , a lightning bolt striking me low in my belly .
his words are rocket fuel to my libido .
adrenaline shoots through my body , injected by a rocket launcher .
her words rocket through me with a burst of adrenaline .
ryan saw bright , burning red - every protective instinct in his young body firing like a rocket .
galloway unhooked his rocket launcher , and as the explosive rounds lit up the sky , ryan rushed out and skidded to the ground , grabbing jake in his hard grip and dragging him to cover .
she wanted sushi and her favourite sandwich - smoked salmon , cream cheese , and rocket ; or turkey with cranberry sauce , camembert , alfalfa , and avocado .
` ` fuckers have got the rocket launchers out . ''
` ` they 're aiming their rocket launchers right at us ! ''
glancing to the horizon , he saw a rocket heading right for their black hawk and paused on the rope .
and i went off like a rocket .
several bars dotted the interior , allowing enough alcoholic lubrication to launch a rocket , and burly bouncers swarmed the four entry points , ensuring drunken degenerates were given the boot .
he exploded from the bed like a rocket , towering over me as he thundered , ` ` what the f**k was i supposed to think ?
` ` thanks , douche rocket . ''
i 'd sail the ocean blue or i 'd fly a rocket to the moon but i ' m good for nothing without you i got up from my seat , headed back to the apartment , grabbed my tool box , and fixed mrs . kramer 's toilet .
or maybe , i 'll sail the ocean blue or i 'd fly a rocket to the moon but i ' m good for nothing without you it does n't matter what you say i think about you every day , girl , i am good for nothing without you even the clouds will say that saturdays and rainy days were meant to be if you 're indoors and in the arms of somebody under the blankets and sheets well the sky is clear ; it 's the middle of the week so come my dear , let 's make believe .
or maybe , i 'll sail the ocean blue or i 'd fly a rocket to the moon but i ' m good for nothing without you it does n't matter what you say i think about you every day , girl , i am good for nothing without you cause i want you i want you i want you to want me to i want you i want you i want you i do but i wo n't fool this heart anymore or maybe , i 'll sail the ocean blue or i 'd fly a rocket to the moon but i ' m good for nothing without you it does n't matter what you say i think about you every day , girl , i am good for nothing without you even the clouds will say there 's nowhere we can get away from everything and if the only thing that breaks your heart is somebody please do n't give it to me 'cause seeing you cry makes me want to leave but losing you scares the shit out of me .
or maybe , i 'll sail the ocean blue or i 'd fly a rocket to the moon but i ' m good for nothing without you it does n't matter what you say i think about you every day , girl , i am good for nothing without you cause i want you i want you i want you to want me to i want you i want you i want you i do but i wo n't fool this heart anymore or maybe , i 'll sail the ocean blue or i 'd fly a rocket to the moon but i ' m good for nothing without you it does n't matter what you say i think about you every day , girl , i am good for nothing without you even the clouds will say there 's nowhere we can get away from everything and if the only thing that breaks your heart is somebody please do n't give it to me 'cause seeing you cry makes me want to leave but losing you scares the shit out of me .
of all the things i had ever thought about shaw , the fact that she would go off like a bottle rocket when touched just right would have never been one of them .
stop thinking you need to do some kind of crazy penance because your dad is a douche rocket and your mom refuses to see it . ''
it did n't take a rocket scientist to know she 'd been through similar circumstances .
i needed a semi - automatic and a rocket launcher .
a slight sheen of sweat spread across my skin as my balls drew up tight ready to shoot off like a rocket , when i felt the beginnings of her second orgasm .
like a rocket launcher was attached to my arm , i 'd fire that ball from behind home plate to second base and get them out nine times out of ten .
fear launched a rocket up lexi 's chest .
my heartbeat doubled , blood rushing through me like a rocket .
a rocket of sensations exploded inside , which her brain desperately tried to make sense of - stretched , achy , wet , hot .
pampered life shot out like a rocket from the beginning and blanketed the crowd around me , making everyone stunned by the power of it .
you feel closer to the road , as if you 're strapped to a rocket that could wobble off - course at any second .
and then it breaks open , and i ' m blind , deaf , swept away by the rocket rush and earthquake shakes and chaotic intensity .
` ` it 's not rocket science , sean .
pain shot up my arm like rocket ships .
her maroon g6 is gone , but jason 's in there waxing his newest toy : a crotch rocket .
she would n't tell me anything over the phone except that it was important , but it does n't take a rocket scientist to know what that means .
the rocket propelled grenade had done its work .
guy took off like a rocket and that spider just chased after him like he was going to eat him .
someone popped out of a house , a big rocket launcher propped on his shoulder .
the image was seared into jackson 's mind as the rocket came hurtling toward him .
that probably saved his life , as it propelled him away from the house just as he saw the second rocket propelled grenade sail over his head .
guns crashed and bullets buzzed and ricocheted ahead of us , and i jerked hassan into an empty building , destroyed by a bomb or a rocket .
i pinch her nipple again , delighting at the gasp that tears from her , and then i take her nipple into my mouth and suckle , and i feel joy rocket through me when she moans so loud it 's almost a scream .
this was n't rocket science , it was n't a dan savage column , although ... hmm ... maybe it could be , that depended on alex .
how she knew which man was in which place was a mystery to him , but one he did n't spend many brain cells on , at least right now , because if he had any brain cells they were all congregated in the tip of his dick , and the rest were inside his balls , ready to rocket - ship out of his body and into hers .
i did n't need to be a rocket scientist to figure out why she was being so pissy , but her tantrum was uncalled for .
` ` you touch me , and i ' m afraid i 'll go off like a rocket . ''
i ' m so damn happy right now i could power a rocket to jupiter and back .
and then we will go down the hill , past the rocket ship , to the cemetery , to her grave , where a marker will say : megan luisa garcia i was here chapter one regret was n't something a thirteen - year - old thought about much .
it hit me like a rocket .
ex - football player commandos hung at bars called ` ` thor 's '' or ` ` jethro 's fire rocket barbeque '' or ` ` hellhound roadhouse '' .
so f**king , f**king sweet , '' he muttered against my lips , his voice deeper , gruff and i felt the change in his tone rocket straight between my legs .
okay , i was careening down the highway to the danger zone so i might as well shift up and engage the rocket launchers .
after that meeting , i do n't give a f**k if you 're strapped into a rocket to go to the goddamned moon , i ' m findin ' you , we 're sortin ' this shit out and we 're movin ' on , '' he warned .
it hit me like a rocket and i combusted , my world exploding , taking me with it and i loved every nanosecond .
she heard and hightailed it up from cb like a f**kin ' rocket . ''
the plane 's engines suddenly increased in decibel , shooting us down the runway like a rocket .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to know what they all had on their minds . ''
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out the difference : his ex had been his muse .
she 'd known he would n't , that she would have gone off like a rocket at the slightest touch .
he stopped cold , his heart taking off like a rocket inside his chest .
but the hunger in travis 's eyes told her she was doing everything just right , and somehow , lily managed to stay the course , never forgetting for a moment that it was imperative to make herself come like a rocket while leaving travis high and dry .
there are indian women here who are doctors , lawyers , and rocket scientists .
` ` so you holed up in the office all afternoon and shot out of the building like a rocket as soon as the clock hit 5 pm .
` ` it 's really not rocket science , sweetie .
i bit my lip , adrenaline shooting through me like a rocket .
` ` cooking a burger is n't rocket science , '' dillon said , swigging his beer .
he 'd be lucky if he lasted five measly strokes before he shot off like a rocket .
have n't owned a car in four years , since i dropped out of cal at nineteen and sold my beamer to buy a 1963 bsa rocket gold star spitfire scrambler .
it 's not fucking rocket science . ''
i took off out of the shed like i had a rocket in my pocket .
i shoved my helmet on my head , fastened the strap , and swung my leg over my glossy black crotch rocket .
i wished i was screaming down the mountain on my crotch rocket , instead of being drilled .
his rocket ship bedding was pushed to the foot of the bed where his head currently was .
it even seemed that her reasoning ability had been sent in a rocket into outer space so she would remain in ignorance .
a rocket and grenade attack suddenly commenced a few miles from the prison , air - raid sirens wailing in the distance .
maybe well luck out and the prisons administrative offices will wind up on the receiving end of an incoming rocket .
she crawled to the nearest wall and crouched there , arms over her head as exploding grenades and rocket shells sent repeated shudders through the cellblock walls .
do you think she broke off as a rocket exploded in the adjacent courtyard , the floor seemed to tilt , and she fell flat on her face .
another rocket attack began , the assault on the prison compound growing more intense and deadly with each passing second .
chapter 7 emma and david raced out of the prison compound and into a night punctuated by bursts of small arms fire and rocked by exploding mortar shells and rocket rounds .
chapter 9 despite the relentless air - raid sirens , the wailing women and weeping children seeking shelter from exploding bombs , and the men armed with portable rocket launchers who seemed to be stationed on every street corner of the darkened city , emma and david managed to blend in .
he feared that a grenade or a rocket explosion might kill them both , but he knew they had no choice but to take the risk of seeking refuge at the canadian embassy .
someone blew out the wall in our cellblock during a rocket attack about twenty - four hours ago .
it did nt take a rocket scientist to figure out that whoever wanted her property was behind this .
he had toy cars and trucks , he had a rocket , and a huge box of legos .
jonathan lifts nicholas throwing him like a rocket toward the jagged rocks .
all rocket scientists , too .
first grey launched into the air like a rocket , landing into the thick cover of evergreen branches high on the cliff wall .
now they were about boy inventors who built electric trains that could travel 100 miles an hour , or an air cannon that could shoot a rocket halfway around the world or , yes , even a flying machine that would be the toast of paris .
paper flutters from the rockets were all around him ; the whole place smelled of gunpowder .
another rocket shot upward , showering sparks .
okay , its really long like a rocket launcher .
he yelled , slamming it into gear , taking off like a rocket .
it was nt exactly rocket science .
after her first hit , after many failed attempts , she heard that clang of the can and watched it fly from the fence like a rocket .
his motorcycle hurled them into the night like a rocket .
her imagination took off like a rocket , and she felt slight heat rush to her cheeks .
a rocket ?
push a button and the rocket blasts off .
we do nt know where the rocket would come down .
neither gas nor rocket .
stacey shot up like a rocket , and a few minutes later , she handed me an edited manuscript .
matt did nt have to be a rocket scientist to figure out what was going on .
miniature horses and rocket ships wobbled precariously from large springs that emerged from the grass like bouncy blossoms .
pagers , cell phones , land lines , and data lines were hot for the next hour to get the information out , while laura sat back a bit and again watched in amazement at how this team could function like a greased rocket when the need arose .
not that it was exactly rocket science ; they could afford to bribe dozens of party magicians if necessary .
he went on with his arm raised in the sky , another rocket .
i have a rocket collection , but i have nt done too much with it yet cuz ray has to help me and , well , he is nt around much lately .
not like a rocket .
she shot up like a rocket and grabbed her heart .
its rocket fuel .
phelps climbed off the mini crotch rocket and took me by the shoulders , guiding me down the steps and into the driveway .
jason took one step and launched a rocket down the field .
he was particularly concerned about the mounted rocket launchers on each side .
with ashleys prolonged study of lacey and cooper , it did nt take a rocket scientist to figure out what she meant by her comment .
the hum of another rocket screams over our heads and the lights go out .
that year the buzz question had been whether or not eddy mullen would shoot a bottle rocket into a cop car as he had done the year before .
true it was n't rocket science but it was n't being done yet either .
it did nt take a rocket scientist to tell he was hoping his fake efforts were going to get him something in the here and now .
kara gave one last yank , and the chair sort of thudded into its upright position , launching maya out of it like a rocket .
the people were literally rocket scientists .
we also seem to be missing a team member , who magically showed up yesterday and has nt arrived on her broomstick yet , so it does nt take a rocket scientist to figure out where vinnie is , josh said .
connor , the elder of the two by four years , was snuggled cosily under his comforter with his blond head resting on his favourite pillow , complete with an appliqud space rocket pillowcase that he d insisted upon bringing with him .
ebooks available at liquid silver books ~liquidsilverbooks.com~ ~~~~~~ savanna kougar ~savannakougar.com~ otherworlds ~ otherrealms ~ othertimelines my two previous ebook releases : sun rocket and draxen invite you to read their love story ... red lioness tamed adventures of sun rocket , book 1 blurb ~ what does a lioness shifter do when she 's suddenly trapped in an unknown space cruiser 's cargo hold ?
ebooks available at liquid silver books ~liquidsilverbooks.com~ ~~~~~~ savanna kougar ~savannakougar.com~ otherworlds ~ otherrealms ~ othertimelines my two previous ebook releases : sun rocket and draxen invite you to read their love story ... red lioness tamed adventures of sun rocket , book 1 blurb ~ what does a lioness shifter do when she 's suddenly trapped in an unknown space cruiser 's cargo hold ?
i doubted they d mounted rocket launchers on the roofs , so i did nt take him at his word .
you know it does nt take a rocket scientist to figure out this is the anniversary of my death .
again , need i point out , they are n't rocket scientists .
its not rocket science , brother .
a shot of adrenaline pulls me from my stupor and the questions on everyones mind comes shooting out of me like a rocket at takeoff .
it did nt take a rocket scientist to figure out the picture was legit , even the best clone could nt copy the look on my face .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to figure it out .
its not rocket science , he said .
it figured that the one guy to set her off like a rocket was also one who obviously had a lot more to him than met the eye .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out his other brother 's news , and it just solidified the longing in donovan 's soul to have what his brothers had .
she gasped , knowing this was the beginning of the game that would end in a rocket of pleasure .
she did n't need to be a rocket scientist to figure out where all the indigestion came from , either .
karen took off like a rocket on the fourth of july in her eagerness to comply with maureen 's request .
the balloon shot into the sky like a rocket .
not a rocket .
it was as if someone had lit a bottle rocket between my legs .
in those moments , when the music has replaced everything and even awareness of your own body has faded , you ca n't even breathe , ca n't do anything but let the song own you , let the performance rocket through you .
i came out of the basement like a rocket .
he was off like a rocket , boy and dog together , cody 's young legs pumping with an energy i envied .
` ` there they go , '' linc said , just as the rocket burst into a cluster , spraying red , white and blue sparks across the clear night sky .
meal preparation was n't exactly rocket science , but just then it felt like it .
a surge of emotion blasted through her , and she felt like a rocket launched into space .
if she so much as touched herself there , she 'd go off like a rocket .
sabin did n't even have to think to know what it was ; he 'd seen rocket launchers too many times not to recognize them on sight .
only a second before the flash , and barely two seconds before the rocket exploded his boat , sabin went over the right side , into the turquoise water of the gulf .
you make me feel too much like a teenager , ready to go off like a fourth of july rocket .
she withdrew a small , striped thing that was shaped like a rocket .
he sucked in a breath and clutched the bedspread in his fists to keep from shooting off like a rocket when she covered him with the thin layer of latex .
it did n't take a rocket scientist or being telepathic to figure out what was going on in her head .
soon daniel leveled off , flying less like a rocket and more like an unfathomably powerful bird .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to know something was wrong there .
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out why , he thought , as he dumped his coat , work bag and keys in the kitchen and headed upstairs to her .
she went off like a rocket , h*ps bucking , her hands flying off her knees to tangle in his hair .
grinning at her , pat hit the gas and they were off like a rocket , blasting down the quiet country lane .
like a rocket blaster , summer burned fast and bright in this part of the world and went out with equal speed .
it does n't take a rocket scientist to know why .
you guys detect any rocket launchers ?
i strap myself into this rocket car and when he seats himself behind the driver 's side i ask , ` ` what kind of car is this ? ''
tina 's limp form goes so rigid i think she might just take off like a rocket .
during the time i explain this , ghost 's body has become strung so tight i ' m afraid he 'll take off like a rocket .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out he was telling her to cease and desist , but she was n't about to let them beat garrett to death .
not one that runs around on a crotch rocket . ''
somewhere close , a rocket hit hard and exploded .
` ` it 's not rocket science , dad . ''
some of the events in combat most likely to lead to ptsd are being attacked or ambushed , receiving incoming rocket or mortar fire , being shot at , being responsible for the death of a civilian or an enemy combatant , and seeing or handling seriously injured americans or their remains .
in an instant , she was in balad again , and the base was under attack , and a rocket whizzed by her head .
` ` i may not eat , however it is not rocket science to scramble eggs and fry bacon , vackra . ''
it did n't take a rocket scientist to know she did n't do illicit no - tell - motel sex on a regular basis .
the incoming rocket hit a spot along the broken wall between jeb and the rebels .
the instant before the rocket hit , the impact , the flying shrapnel , and the blood .
and if i had n't been such a coward that day , i would have been sitting right beside him when the rocket hit .
during the rocket attack , i got stuck in some weird way , and i could n't move my finger off the shutter .
she needed to run before the next rocket came .
i expected the train to steam and chug and shoot off like a rocket , because i watched a lot of cartoons in my misspent youth and that 's how cartoon trains work .
his own blood pressure was rising like a rocket , and he 'd no desire to bed pardloe .
a strangled english voice came from somewhere under him and , realizing that it was john grey he lay on , he rose like a rocket , cracking his head on the low beam above .
as soon as he released her , she was off like a wobbly rocket .
` ` played rocket blaster , '' he declared .
after his friend motioned for him to roll down the window , he did - and his friend promptly launched a bottle rocket into his car that exploded at his feet .
` ` does n't take a rocket scientist .
` ` i 'll bet you 're ready to go off like a bottle rocket , '' she said .
he was too busy trying not to go off like a bottle rocket .
she went off like a rocket , and he followed right after , shuddering and moaning in her arms .
` ` i guess you forgot the time i tied a rocket to the back of my barbie and shot her over the neighbors ' roof . ''
` ` you ' ve invented a personal rocket system ? ''
` ` i ' m not building a rocket , '' eve said .
` ` it 's not a rocket .
` ` how about a personal rocket system that includes its own parachute ?
` ` about the personal rocket system . ''
four years later eve dupree shepherd is a multimillionaire as a result of her many inventions , including the now - famous skimmer hovercraft and the more recent rocket girl personal propulsion system .
every kiss between them was fireworks and rocket launchers .
it did n't take a bloody rocket scientist to see that raine was never going to yield her submission through pain .
` ` apollo , they called it - the rocket ship that took them . ''
then she caught fire , and slammed one fist on the table , going off like a rocket .
all the horses had been turned out into the pasture except rocket fuel , the gelding adam had designated as the horse valerie would work with , and a mare and her new foal .
` ` come on inside and i 'll introduce you to rocket fuel . ''
` ` rocket fuel ? ''
she was n't about to climb aboard a horse named rocket fuel .
so rocket fuel had to stay behind because of me ? ''
` ` is that rocket fuel ? ''
we 'll be better off with rocket fuel . ''
` ` ready to groom rocket fuel ? ''
but rocket fuel 's ears had swiveled forward to catch the sound of her voice .
valerie made a sweet picture as she got acquainted with rocket fuel , but she was also sexy as hell in those tight jeans .
he stopped staring at her cute little ass and focused on the interchange between her and rocket fuel .
apparently petting rocket fuel when he was safely confined in a stall was a whole other thing from confronting him up close and personal .
` ` do n't worry about rocket fuel .
he rested his hands on rocket fuel 's back and gazed at her .
with the brush in her left hand , she stroked rocket fuel 's neck so lightly that it probably tickled him .
she crouched down to brush rocket fuel 's fetlocks , putting herself close to his hooves .
she brushed rocket fuel 's foreleg again and again .
she started in on rocket fuel 's flanks .
` ` common sense takes care of most things with horses , especially if they 're raised right , like rocket fuel was .
when he peered over rocket fuel 's back , he discovered her head was down , her face obscured by the brim of her hat .
she rested the hand with the brush against rocket fuel 's ribcage , and she 'd propped her other hand right next to it .
she was a fairly noisy crier , and he thanked god for rocket fuel , who remained calm and stoic in the face of her misery .
` ` like i said , rocket fuel has his own methods for getting to know folks . ''
she did n't know how that would affect her work with rocket fuel , but adam had n't called to cancel , so apparently they were still on .
after she 'd finished grooming rocket fuel , she 'd walk over to the fence and the curious foal would run up to check her out .
grooming rocket fuel was n't scary anymore , either .
add in rocket fuel 's patience with her lame attempt to groom him , and she 'd been an emotional wreck .
` ` since it 's raining , we could work with rocket fuel in his stall , if you 're up to it .
` ` can we make a detour and go see bubba before we head down to rocket fuel 's stall ? ''
her face lights up when she arrives , and she 's really bonded with rocket fuel and saucy lady .
i ' m hoping that soon i can get her up on rocket fuel and we can go for a ride .
he 'd guided her through the process of learning to be comfortable with his horse , rocket fuel .
had she learned nothing about honest communication during her sessions with rocket fuel ?
adam did n't feel right taking credit for a transformation that had been a joint effort including will and rocket fuel , not to mention valerie 's own bravery and determination .
bex pumped his wrist , and the motorcycle took off like a rocket .
and i keep going off like a rocket for him , exploding in a thousand and one pieces .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out his strategy .
it pulsed and tightened and she knew if he were to so much as breathe on it , she would go off like a rocket .
if he 'd touched her one more time with that delicious mouth , she would have gone off like a rocket .
i went off like a rocket from his touch .
boppy masticates at rocket speed while filling me in on the finer details of her boyfriend 's professional cage fighting career until something wet and hard flies into my eye .
at the end of the day all that really remains is high - octane lust - enough to fuel a rocket ship - still does n't make it real . ''
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out she 's driving the entire fucking crazy train .
it was n't rocket science .
were they devoid of sound , a silent film running through his head , nothing more than pictures of rocket ships and jets blazing across the sky ?
melissa whispered conspiratorially , ` ` these two should have been rocket scientists .
` ` rocket scientists . ''
our parents had us join the cub scouts , and one of our projects was to carve a wooden rocket , powered by a co2 cartridge and held in place by a wire , which we later raced against other rockets made by other cub scouts .
our parents had us join the cub scouts , and one of our projects was to carve a wooden rocket , powered by a co2 cartridge and held in place by a wire , which we later raced against other rockets made by other cub scouts .
my rocket lost in the first round .
in the end , micah 's rocket ended up placing second overall , and i was both proud of him and jealous at the same time .
in the distance , i could see my brother proudly showing off his rocket and ribbon , standing among the people who 'd done great .
and your rocket was n't horrible . ''
i ' m proud of your rocket .
when tracy and i found you and had you roll down the car window so we could launch a bottle rocket into your car ? ''
but her vague response was enough , and it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out what happened .
` ` a rainbow rocket .
just the thought of it had her so hot that with one touch she could go off like a rocket .
` ` well , we do n't need a rocket scientist to figure out where this is going , '' julie said dryly .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out what the man had wanted .
` ` it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure it out .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out this was her husband , damon roche .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that amanda and frank were having problems .
and just for the record , i do n't want to ride your death rocket . ''
they passed the dark merry - go - round and a rocket ride with all the rockets landed , down .
they passed the dark merry - go - round and a rocket ride with all the rockets landed , down .
straight ahead , the rocket ride was already in motion , red - lit rockets up and whizzing .
straight ahead , the rocket ride was already in motion , red - lit rockets up and whizzing .
it would take a fuckin nazi rocket scientist to diagnose this one as a fatal stabbing .
a voice from the door said , and a short , dark man wearing ear muffs , a camel - hair coat , and blue jeans stuffed into the tops of unbuckled galoshes - though it was n't snowing outside - burst into the room like a rocket .
the remains of a bottle rocket , an airborne firework , were found at the source of the blaze .
` ` shoot a bottle rocket at me ? ''
he asked if scott was going to shoot a bottle rocket at him .
his bottle rocket had nothing to do with it .
but marcus thought the whole thing was hilarious , and the minute that rocket fell behind the church , he ran over to the churchyard .
it did not take the intelligence of a rocket scientist to know that ryan blackstone did not like women .
the slow seduction he 'd planned had taken a nasa rocket out of sight .
immediately , she shot off like a rocket , bursting high .
dane found some magic place , and suddenly she went off like a rocket , the orgasm detonating deep in her body .
rich knew from experience that his oldest sister 's will was powerful enough to launch a rocket .
it did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out what carrie weston was doing .
as if in response to the demand , a rocket shot into the air from the roof of the plaza hotel .
she convulsed again and again , wave after wave of ecstasy shooting through her , sizzling along her nerve endings , lighting her up like a bottle rocket until she was flying , soaring , into the endless night sky .
she smelled like him , and that mark of possession , that primitive proof that she belonged to him , lit him up like a rocket .
i went off like a rocket .
` ` it 's not exactly rocket science , is it ?
i avoided mentioning my flesh rocket in the night table by my bed , and instead pressed my lips into a line , sure that ashlyn would only add on the stipulation that the penis be attached to a living , breathing male .
a hand- held rocket launcher in the hands of an expert , which piggot was , could turn the cabin into a shattered inferno in seconds .
if jack touched her there , even once , she feared she would launch like a rocket , no matter how much he demanded she hold it back .
he felt that combination jacking up his system , like rocket fuel with a 180 proof chaser .
the feel and taste of her slick , swollen folds dive - bombed his memory and revved him up , as if he 'd injected rocket fuel in his bloodstream .
it did n't take a rocket scientist ... but that deduction was apparently beyond a physicist .
` ` i do most of the time , but toward the end , if i thought about you , and your luscious body , and what you 're doing to me , i 'd go off like a rocket , and i like to wait ... for you . ''
` ` it was n't rocket science . ''
and because it 's just rained , and various car tires have brought water onto the ground , i go flying in the air , keys arcing through the air like they ' ve been ejected from a stomp rocket , arms and legs flailing to grab on to anything so i do n't crack my assbone in half .
` ` that does n't make me a rocket scientist . ''
the woman was probably a rocket scientist , and shannon would n't trade one single sticky hug from her son for all the high - end clothes on the planet .
but , hey , a woman did n't have to be a rocket scientist to be good at her job .
unless , of course , he amended , she happened to be a rocket scientist .
hey , after all , miss rigby was no rocket scientist - or computer programmer , for that matter .
then she looked at the keypad - which matthias knew was completely incomprehensible to anyone except the rocket scientist who designed it - punched a few buttons with a beep - boop - beep and the microwave suddenly came alive .
she could have told him they needed space suits and a couple of rocket ships , and he 'd have taken her word for it .