i part my hair and peer at the roots to see if my true color , a soft brown that turns the color of golden syrup and wheat in summer , is showing , but it is not .
the nerve roots were minimally damaged , but with ryan 's fast growth , and the sites of the tethering , progressive damage would have occurred within the next months .
the angle opened me and i glided down to his root .
i tightened my grip at the root of him , hungry and greedy for his cl**ax .
i took hold of the root of his erection and licked the engorged head , looking up at him at the same time .
i kneeled down in front of him on the bath mat , grasping his erection at the root .
his fingers dug into her scalp , shooting pleasure to every hair root .
before she could deal with the blow of sensations at feeling his arousal against her belly , he relinquished his hold on her head , combed his fingers through her hair , over and over , sending pleasure cascading from every hair root , before that hand caressed her back , on its way to delving beneath her jacket and top .
each stroke sent delight cascading from every hair root , spilled moans from her depths in answer to the unintelligible bass murmurings from him .
this time , there was no mistaking the jolt that passed through him as her lips traveled from the edge of his jaw down to the root of his powerful neck .
if there was another slutty queen going after jase , luis would pull her hair out by the roots .
he felt like walking to the table and pulling her hair out by the roots .
instead of the hard thrusts that had been pushing them both to the brink of insanity , ava was keeping him locked inside her while grinding her sensitive nub against his root .
i was just as greedy for him , my hand sliding into his hair , holding him by the roots while i frantically tasted him .
his fingers pushed into my hair , gliding over the damp roots , brushing the strands back from my face .
he could feel her muscles contracting , feel the tremors that raced through her legs , and the spasms of her fingers jerking on the roots of his hair .
her hands had slid into his hair and he was enjoying the light touch as she stroked through to the roots .
diesel was similarly stroking her hair , his masculine fingers surprisingly gentle as he worked his way from her roots down to the tips of her hair , petting softly .
tears rose in her eyes from the pain of having the roots of her hair pulled , and she did n't see how sitting up meant he could see her any better since she was facing the wall and not him .
the image of trey 's highly aroused penis rolled into her mind : the wider flare of his cap , the dragon 's tail circling his root .
when she did , the shift in position bared the veiny width just above his root .
he was shoved in her to his root , throbbing tightly against her walls while her heels dug into the upper slopes of his ass .
i gasped in relief , threading my hand between our bodies to grasp his erection by the root , my knuckles against his body , holding him , pulling him toward me .
he buried his hands in my wet hair , gripping it near the roots .
coughing , i could n't turn away , could only pull brutally against the hand gripping my hair , ripping hunks out by the roots in an attempt to get away .
i let go of his dick long enough to move his hands to my hair , and he immediately gripped at the roots and gently but insistently pushed my head down .
i grasped him at the root and spread my saliva across him , mixing it with his own leaking fluids , and then took him in my mouth , pressing my tongue against my lower teeth .
i wrapped my lips around him and drew his c**k to the back of my throat , moving my fist near his root .
the sound of niall 's husky , low voice caused a burning , tingling sensation of excitement to pass from vic 's tailbone to the root of his cock .
the new position also placed her pussy directly on vic 's balls and the root of his penis .
he flexed his arm , pushing the snug silicone sheath along the swollen staff of his cock within an inch of the root .
a tickling , arousing buzz started on the root of his cock .
she popped the fleshy round cockhead out of her mouth and bent farther , shifting her hand up the shaft and running her tongue over the root , wetting him .
this time , he tucked the captive foot more snugly against his balls , pushing the heel against his root and closing his strong thighs around it .
dropping to my knees , i palmed the root of his shaft and wrapped my lips around the swollen tip , sucking him into my mouth as much as i could .
my knee was bouncing like crazy and my hair was mussed from my having practically pulled it out by the roots in my impatience .
i gripped his hair by the root and clung to him .
i ran a hand through his hair and gripped at the roots .
he threaded his fingers into my hair , gripping it by the roots to pull me an inch closer .
i gripped his hair by the roots , my sex crushing down around him .
her soft , hot mouth worked from the pulsing root to the throbbing tip of his cock .
the cockhead crested her soft palate and her lips were pressed against his abdomen at the root .
placing the latex over the head of his cock , she rolled it down to the root .
she gasped , fully opening her mouth , and trevor shoved his c**k in to the root .
the wet balls slipped free from his mouth and he used his tongue to trace the thick , pulsing root back to that tempting pucker .
lightly holding his dick at the root , her hand moved up to meet her mouth moving down .
he shoved into her ass until the root of his c**k was pressed against her anal opening and his balls slapped against her pu**y . ginger arched up .
then she reached her right hand over his hip and curled her fingers around the root of his cock , while kissing the slope of his shoulder .
around forty , she had dyed red hair with two inches of brown root showing .
the tip bumping his soft palate , gliding back over his tongue and teeth , then past the gag reflex until his full lips circled the root of edgard 's cock .
oh , the double entendre was thick and made grace want to wrench the strawberry - blond hair out by its roots .
he ground out , releasing her hands to seize two fistfuls of her golden hair by the roots .
and then , there at the root , an ugly gash of sheared - off bone and sinew .
rachel shrieked , grabbing a fistful of my hair , so violently that she ripped several strands out at the root .
her fingers pulled at my hair , tugging painfully at the roots , spurring me on until she climaxed with a startled cry .
` ` yes , '' he hissed , yanking me back into him until the lips of my sex hugged the thick root of his penis .
i had never been so led or pulled before , by the very root of my cock , and my tears flowed copiously .
i balled my fists in my hair , pulling from the roots .
i had bloodthirsty visions of ripping miss blondie 's hair out by the roots and keeping it as a battle trophy .
her hair was dingy and straight , and almost an inch of gray roots had grown into the dull color i had washed into it three months before .
all i know is what i can see , blond roots sprouting like snow against her coal black hair - sort of the opposite of grayson with her blond on black .
it 's only when i get in further do i see the left side of his face hanging open , exposing the roots of his teeth .
i ' m going to rip her hair out by the roots .
his grin widens and he pulls back , then slams back inside me even harder , and rotates his hips in a circle , grinding the root of his cock against my clit and i come apart at the seams , my body shuddering and clenching , my blood on fire , screaming his name .
` ` go ahead , '' he whispers , and begins to pulse his hips , nudging the root of his cock against my sweet spot , over and over , and i ca n't stop the eruption that starts at my core and shoots out of my every nerve , making me clench onto him and ride it out .
she 's really starting to get annoyed now , but then , so am i. i check out the dark brown roots coming through in her hair because it gives me something to focus on while her head is down , scanning what i assume is the class roster on a clipboard in front of her .
they 'll torture you , which you ' ve endured , but they 'll also torture leah ... involuntarily , at the thought of leah under torture , hot brands held against her smooth skin , her fingernails ripped out at the roots , acid dripped on her beautiful body , lucien 's midsection rocked back violently as if he 'd been kicked in the gut .
` ` i need to mentally prepare for the possibility i 'll be instigating a job search tonight , something that 's on my list of favorite things to do just above having all my hair pulled out by the roots . ''
he made short work of knotting his tie , something he hated , preferring to have his fingernails torn out at the roots .
he slid his fingers around the root of his c**k then against her , feeling her wetness , their connection , liking it , actually f**king loving it , before he pulled his hand away .
` ` feb - '' her finger moved from her cl*t to become two fingers sliding around the root of his cock .
she was too thin , her hair , although tidy , looked bristly and there were steel gray roots exposed at her part , the rest of it a fake dark brown that was obviously a home dye job in dire need of a refresh .
in fact , she 'd rather have her fingernails ripped out at the roots but she thought it imperative that they do so .
daisy , matt and i marched up to the house ( wel , matt did n't march , after listening the whole way to daisy talk a mile a minute , bouncing around subjects ranging the scope of revenge threats to skincare tips , he fol owed us looking like he 'd much rather be anywhere else , in the middle of another shoot out , having his nails yanked out by the roots , anywhere ) .
one was a tiny woman with dyed black hair with one - inch , steel - gray roots and a cigarette dangling from her lip .
` ` i ' ve been practicing every day , '' saylor said quietly , her fingers parting my hair as cold liquid made its ' way onto my roots .
` ` oh ... '' he smiled as she nearly pulled his hair out by its roots .
not even when her hair was being pulled out by the roots .
robert 's sandy hair was greasy at the roots , and he had n't shaved .
i tangle my fingers through her hair , tugging at the roots , and slide my hand up the front of her shirt .
she lets out this gasp mixed with a delirious plea as her fingers slide through my hair , tugging at the roots , both pulling me and pushing me closer .
just like your hair , it 's obviously not black since i can see the roots coming in .
i plunge my fingers through my hair , close to pulling it off at the roots .
i made finger quotes around her bleach - blond hair with black roots .
i began to struggle beneath him and he yanked harder on my hair , making it scream and burn at the roots .
she wanted to pull every last goddam strand of her long thick black hair out by the roots until she was bald and she 'd do it screaming the entire time .
` ` you do n't have any exposed roots and your eyebrows are the same tone as your hair . ''
when she came , i watched her , just appreciating the shudder of her shoulders , the glassy ecstasy in her eyes , the tightness of her grip on the roots of her hair .
i take my helmet off , shake out my hair , and look under the roots for the basket i asked june to place there earlier .
the tingling roots of her hair declared hell yes , he had .
her feet grew roots as she stared , stunned .
the greek had mentioned the circero woman while he was twisting a fistful of jimmy 's hair out by the roots .
there , very faint , he saw that her roots were blond .
wanted to slap that handsome face of his , rip his hair out by the roots .
for the half hour it took to rip out my pubic hairs by their roots , i completely forgot about holt and focused on how many ways i could hurt ruby without getting arrested .
gator raked a hand through his hair , wanting to tug it out by the roots .
he tugged at her hair , a small painful pull , exerting pressure on the roots .
she started working the cream through candi 's hair , starting at the ends and moving up towards the roots .
and then suddenly there 's another shouting voice and my head is yanked to the side as a chunk of my hair is ripped out by the roots .
` ` you know , i ca n't understand why you 'd spoil such gorgeous blonde hair by dying your roots black . ''
i dropped to my knees and curled my hand around the root of his dick .
` ` her hair was light blonde , but you could tell it was n't her natural hair colour , because her roots were very dark .
even in the best of situations - a large person with a big mouth and a placid temperament , the affected tooth one of those toward the front of the mouth and in the upper jaw ( less in the way of roots and much easier of access ) -it was a messy , slippery , bone - crack business .
as the roots of the tooth parted from the jawbone , and i was holding the tiny white thing , intact .
in fact , the canines were simple ; baby teeth , almost without roots , and ready to fall - i could probably have tweaked them out with my fingers .
actually , given that willie and myself were standing right in front of him , i rather thought he did - but the soldiers did n't know that , and judging from the expression on willie 's face , he would have torn his tongue out by the roots rather than blurt out the truth .
the teeth scrape my skin , but when i attempt to pull it out , it yanks my hair , threatening to rip it out by the roots .
i rake my hand through my hair , pulling at the roots .
i rake my hands through my hair , pulling at the roots .
my roots stung from where he was fisting my hair .
she 's holding me by the root , her mouth hot and wet around the head of my cock , and she 's kissing , tasting , licking , as if i ' m some kind of treat , licking and sucking and sliding her lips all over me as if i ' m ice cream .
i just hold his cock in my fist and enjoy the view , the way so much of him juts up and out over my hand as i grip him at the root .
with each slow slide of my fist up his length , i curl and twist my palm over his head , rub his tip with my thumb and then pump my fist to his root .
i punctuate this by licking the pre - come off his tip , and then curl my fist around his root and put my lips to his cock and suck at the head .
she refused to speak to me the rest of the afternoon ... '' he ran a hand through his over long hair and pulled at the roots .
jesse 's fingers tangled in my hair , tugging at the roots while he cursed .
her hair was jet black , but jane could see the faint graying roots .
allan was looking particularly rough since she had been unwise enough to have her hair bleached before they left sheraton and dark roots were now peeping through .
she reached for me , grabbing a clump of my hair and wrenching it from the root .
she had been sick long enough that several inches of her dark roots were showing .
the wall , the captain annoyingly stands and sweet breathes over my hair roots while i rest comfortably inside the leather chair .
the captain eye burns the wall , leaning over my hair roots and viewing the window .
the captain stands and sweet breathes over my hair roots , again .
we will be seen , the captain growls over my hair roots .
the captain strolls then stands over my hair roots , again .
i fly over her hair roots then t - glue the right rope into the ceiling , when she stomps directly below me .
he cuddles her , breathing into her hair roots .
i scoot closer to the edge peeking for the top of his hair roots , seeing .
his nose broke with a crunch and his two front teeth snapped off at the roots .
the bleach was acrid and made her eyes water , but she lathered it up between her palms and rubbed it into her hair , from roots to tips .
he patted the horse 's chafed and sore - looking neck , then seized her scant mane as if to pull the hair out by the roots ( although lippy showed no pain ) and turned her in the road so she was facing the cottage again .
the thing dug in , set its jaws into her hair and pulled up clumps of hair by the roots .
he was waving the bible with the hand not busy trying to tear his hair out by the roots .
his light hair was shaggy and hung over his forehead ; the dark roots gleamed in the shadowy light .
pressing deeper into the crack in the ice , amanda sensed an ultrasonic wailing from the grendel , which she felt in her jawbone , the roots of her teeth , the hairs on the back of her neck .
` ` his hair was matted all the way to the roots .
and he was pulling on it like it was his lifeline or something - if i did n't do something quick , i was going to be scalped by having my hair ripped out at the roots .
and it 's words- all it is is words- but it 's every word , crammed into yer head all at once , and the whole world is shouting at you that yer nothing yer nothing yer nothing and it rips away every word of yer own , like pulling yer hair out at the roots and taking skin with it- a flash of words and i ' m nothing- i ' m nothing- yer nothing- and i fall to the ground and the mayor can do whatever he wants with me .
zapata questions , while staring with black round eyeballs at the top of her black hair roots .
taffy rubs her palms over her sweaty face , clearing the wet tears and dirty grime , scratching the hair roots , shuffling her right foot , left foot then right foot while mentally concluding that this is her fault .
wolf obnixously calls out then laughs as rusk and taffy body spins towards the noise , skating around the wall corner and humorously observes wolf wearing a red auburn - coated shiny armor from his hair roots to his toenails .
teens dash under the loud tinkling of a tin roof and over the soft splashing of the wet planks of a wooden front porch as the heavy droplets of condensed atmospheric water vapor precipitate upon their naked hair roots all the way down to their covered shoes as the rain falls under earths gravity , during the torrential rain shower , a very common occurrence on the limestone rock cliffs .
i spread my body from hair roots to toe bones on the soft sofa , closing my eyelashes and relaxing .
my tele senses ping from my hair roots to the toe bones .
i cough and gag with yucky fruit juice and seedlings , and peeling fruit skin , adhering from my hair roots to covered toe bones .
i scan the hair roots , since faces view their data tables , fuming with conclusion .
peter kneecaps besides me on the floor , eye burning my hair roots to my space suit boots .
rann pursues his lips , tightly , eye burning me from hair roots to covered toe nails then carefully acknowledges .
bartholomew yells , rudely for a second time at his hair roots .
dirk has hair lice , too , that can harm , hurt , and destroy hair roots .
he pauses for handsomeness using his eyeballs to scan me from my hair roots to toe bones .
i beautifully sit in my new dark gray formal ball gown with an off - the - shoulder collar , circular ruffled four tiers of plantation skirt , my new elbow gloves along with a tiny half - moon diamond tiara in my hair roots .
i smell his bad breathe flooding down my silver hair roots towards my nostrils as an invisible body voices in his baritone trombone .
i rudely finger point at the food item at the end of long bar counter as the sweet breathe of an angel floods my hair root and .
my right leather boot swiftly launches like a rocket missile into the right side of his slick brown hair roots as the first guard falls down upon the tile unconscious .
a single line of a red wave zings and taps on my right cheekbone as i soar my body upon the rock from more red beams of death , covering my hands over my silver hair roots then belly crawl like a worm using my hands and boot toes and leap , kitten - like facing the rebels .
a total of cold icy buckets of fifteen waterfalls pours over poor rita , dripping down her hair roots , neck , back muscles , and waistline then onto the partially folded dress .
he observes with his eyeballs from my hair roots to my new boot toes as he comments and chuckles as i stomp my right boot parking my folded fists upon my waistline .
nia appears starkly inside the archway covered in orange sweet potatoes , green and red parts of the garden salad along with yellow banana pudding that splatters from her hair roots to toe nails looking like a very bad piece of art done by a two - year toddler .
quanta side bars from the breakfast table , extending her open palm from nias hair roots to toe nails dressing magically nia by replacing her filthy clothing with a simple white silk sheath dress similar to a romans lady gown and offers peacefully .
nia stands wet from hair roots to toe nails then zaps her person dry parking her hands on her hips , spitting , lovingly .
i rub my tummy with my left hand filled with the delicious home cooked southern food , stretching my long legs and long arms from my hair roots to my toenails on the yellow cheap patio pool folding lounge chair .
the demon eye gleams me from my naked toe bones inside my sandals up to my strawberry - blonde exposed hair roots , jerking his glove from his naked hand , and swiftly grabs my forearm , pulling me toward him while he complexes .
then , tina will punch the girls nose then blacken one eye socket and finally pull chunks of her brown hair from the roots or.maybe tina will not as she snorts with her amused and abused vivid imagination .
mella feels warmth sensations explode from her hand to her hair roots then back down to her naked toe bones as drake flips her curved hand open to the palm facing the ceiling and presses his lips against the finger tip of her index finger , moving to each finger tip slowly as mella flushes warm tinkles that explode in different direction within her body .
mella wonders as drake smirks seductively , roaming his eyeballs vertically from her hair roots to her ankle bones .
mella quickly rips the football jersey from drake , exposing his naked chest then firmly drapes both her hands over his heart , the organ of life , closing her long black eyelashes , and quickly flowing the last of her destroyer juice into his body as drake glows in a bright purple tint from his hair roots to his toe bones while mella complete empties her angel existence .
my body temperature quickly escalates into a series of sizzling heat throughout my body from naked toe bones to wet hair roots as i quickly jerk my torso from his cool male muscles , dropping my legs into the heated water at my waist then leap , t - rex by left foot and left palm then right palm and right foot completely out of hot tub then race into the house edgar yells to me .
edgar vertically scans with eyeballs from my hair roots to pink - painted toes , complimenting .
a big diamond necklace occupies her pale swan neck along with a diamond bright smile and matching tear - dropped shaped diamond earrings while her blonde hair is pinned in a tight bun like a shiny tiara over her skull with a bunch of tiny live violets smashes into her clairol - covered honey blonde hair roots .
tilly out stretches her hair roots and toe bones quietly onto the soft sofa , sleeping soundly and breathing softly through her nostrils , surrounding by school books and foot play manuals as a studious college student and newly christened kicker for the bama university steel bolt football team .
nicholas cave argus stands dropping water from his hair roots to boot toes and reads the sign out loud as teens slowly emerge from the water dumping onto the red clay shaking their clothes like wet dogs since they do nt possess enough angel reserve to zap new battle gear upon their bodies .
i was checking my roots in the visor mirror when he stopped the truck .
daisuke mocked , grabbing katou by the roots of her hair , lifting her onto her feet as she screamed in discomfort .
i certainly would , though part of me still would take a great deal of satisfaction by ripping the redheads hair out by the roots .
ira looks over my hair roots as i think .
ira blows mouth salvia over my hair root , which i will be washing once i get back home to my borrowed bonita castle from rita .
ira spits more mouth salvia over my hair roots as i back step from his fatness .
a tiny breeze of cool air conditioning blows around citizens hair roots while sitting on the floor , leaning on each other for misery .
you will see later , he chuckles while sweet breathing over my hair roots , since i m petite .
rann uprights a collar bone from my hair roots and .
i carefully trot along the broken flooring gingerly touching the pink broken walls sniffing up the hot humid weather between nose holes , eyeballs , and hair roots without air condition .
i finally get mad and tear down his puny castle as rann attacks my back muscles then we wrestle like enemies while giggling and tossing sand into each other hair roots , until hbot breaks up the fighting like a mama dog .
no , it did nt , rann brags more pride and vanity as i lift aching hair roots , being slightly semi - conscious .
the psychological point in you mind that you want the enemy to shoot you , again to stop the visually torturous spasms occurring from the hair roots to the tip of toe nails .
i land hardy on a stomach and cover hair roots with two black sleeves as the meanie small ship flies over a horizontal black pretend dead body hidden within the pretty pink and red wildflowers with no firing shots .
i swing a body and drop like a rock towards the thick carpet , covering hair roots with two black sleeves , swiftly slapping a tele - shield around my precious petiteness .
the master of ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second2 secondsthen dirk drones in tenor over my hair roots .
he waves a gloved purple right hand to the excited citizens and a purple scepter in his left hand , a purple crown on hair roots .
i wiggle the head - set over hair roots and cover earlobes .
i jump , t - rex from bend kneecaps easily flying five feet and clearing a crown of blonde hair roots using telekinesis when rita swiftly plows a face , a dress , and two sandals into the six citizens parked on the bottom tier of the bleachers as the other non - hurt citizens groan .
rita swing the blade over her hair roots then brilliantly slices it downwards at me catch in a tight predicament .
i feel the zipper engine roar like a resort lion then launch like an agri eagle from a yellow cobblestone street while closing eyelashes and leaning dirty hair roots into a soft head rest .
i step back on boot heels while releasing the tension from a girly eyeball standoff , breaking our nasty cross - stitched sword gripe , then rita charges like a raging bull while two - fisting the sword above a messy set of blonde hair roots .
rita leaps , kitten - like brushing a fiery sword in a side cross movement at me as i duck like a chicken shit then waddle on bend kneecaps like a duckling , backwards from that fierce swing while missing my sweaty silver hair roots .
i violently react while plowing a folded right fighting fist into her exposed abdomen while angling a flaming sword above her blonde hair roots for a finale deadly strike on me .
she sits like a watered flower pot in a muddy puddle of red dirt and clear water dripping wet droplets from hair roots to sneaker .
i watch with eyeballs dirk casually strolls like a plantation snail towards me while rita painfully limps on two sneakers paralleling his lavender bathroom robes parted by fifteen feet while bowing her hair roots to me like a peasant .
then , i leap , kitten - like from the chair seeing half of a pilots chair , but i m fully intact along with long hair roots .
i slap a face into the dirt covering both arms over a skull and closing my eyelashes , hoping my hair roots do nt burn off .
i m losing my patience practicing to be a polished diplomat , since ill jump straight right into an angry tele - girl unleashing my bottled fury on your royal hair roots .
dirk nods a purple - gems embedded into hair roots with my slick idea .
the dagger rises up into the heavens , then twirls over her hair roots , and then pulls away from my face as i tire of her snake dance .
the good smart - ass captain ca nt debate with his bright iq only stare with narrowed eyelids down at my hair roots .
ty does nt bother to lower his noble position to me , either while hovering over my hair roots with a dog sneer .
the good little devoted girls and boys shake sweaty hair roots side to side in silence acknowledgement , very good !
ty proclaims behind my hair roots as i stomp a right boot toe towards the archway .
ty explains then chews his food as i stare at ranns black hair roots .
then he stares at my silver hair roots as ty swallows then continues , all of his team mates will be assigned living quarters inside the old bonita castle , his property .
i stare at ranns hair roots while he eats .
i answer while staring eyeballs at ranns hair roots and not eating or holding an eating utensil for my plate of food .
ty adds as i dog sneer at ranns hair roots , not like a noblette and .
rann paces a left boot then a right boot hovering over my hair roots like a birdie then plants two manly - hands on the back rest of my dining room chair .
he hovers over my hair roots while i stare at his spit - polished black leather knee - high boots .
rann bends over my hair roots into a right eardrum , and offers , beverage , starra , darling ?
hbot hovers a big lavender umbrella over dirks delicate ghostly pale skin and bright red hair roots as i sweat and wet between creaks of my girly pants and rows of pink ruffles of my formal gown .
forty - five more times , dirk bad breathes over my hair roots .
i drop the prom dress over sweaty hair roots and wiggle into a tight bodice then royal waddle into an empty corridor , since my other teammates have vacated the locker room when i run nose long into an obstaclenawdirk .
he chuckles like farm turkey over my hair roots .
dirk smart - asses and parks hands on his waist hovering a chin over my sliver hair roots .
fine , yelling and mouth spitting into dirks chest , since i ca nt lip spit on his face as dirk laughs his butthole off then pats sims hair roots like a little woof puppy .
dirk lectures over my hair roots , i m expecting a great performance from you , today , kicker starra .
i smile , waiting and watching for dirks stunned reaction while leaning closer to his smelly hair roots .
he dog sneers and stands over my dirty hair roots , where have you been ?
ula stands her tallness over my hair roots while dog sneering .
i jump , t - rex onto the royalist # 98 hair roots and pull off his helmet while trying to whack me with the maser .
the guy grimaces in pain , the dean martin hair coming out by the roots here and there .
then he grabbed my neck and slid his fingers through my hair , lightly pulling at the roots .
my hands found the roots of his wings .
surprisingly , it came up easy , with roots that looked very thin and normal compared to what she had been expecting .
dion , i can reposition her lungs back in place to get her breathing again , but if the nerves broke off completely and detached near her dorsal spinal root he stared at kasey .
she combed both of her hands through her long , brunette hair and dug at the roots .
my hands slid up from my ears and dug at the roots of my hair , and as the screaming became louder , all i could do was close my eyes and pray that it would stop .
the doors slide vertical into the heavens , instead slanted at 45 - degrees for hitting hair roots or bopping a skulls on the older hover cars .
at his insistence , min - jun had his hair dyed every few weeks and the stylist touched up his roots every week .
doo ri was red from the tips of her hair roots all the way to her toes .
across from us , dark roots shot to his feet and joined his bewildered friends who were trying to cover their private parts .
his hand was half way through his hair and tugging at the roots .
i shift my eyeballs to my parents squeezed between the clan in the middle of the long table as mama possess light brown hair roots that always tied in a tight grandmas bun at the nape of her neck as i favor her dna facial features with my cute button nose and a pair of big doe eye sockets on an oval face like hers along with our matching light brown pupils but she looks so much old and worn than annabelle in both her face and body with her wrinkled and deeply sun tanned face showing no glow of happiness more like an overcast of death while her lips sip slowly on the white mug of coffee instead of choking down some fresh fruit juice for a healthy cause and her un - manicured ratty finger nails covers the warm china tea cup .
we seem to be on the same mental level while washing the shampoo out of my hair roots and my eyeballs finishing my bath giggling with a girly twang .
sashelle tilted her head , her harsh black hair with its dark blonde roots falling over her face .
she felt her hair being ripped out by the roots .
oviv back steps from yachels hair roots , sneering .
she places it in the middle of her hair roots swishing the metal between the hair strands .
she snatches it from the tablecloth dropping onto her hair roots , closing her eyelashes .
she places it over her hair roots closing her eyelashes breathing deeply .
gable snatches the halo placing it over his hair roots then screams in pain .
i exhale slowly placing the tiara on my hair roots .
does that mean if someone yanks my tiara off my hair roots then i d lose some brain cells ?
the hole enlarges then he kisses my hair roots , since i view the ground .
do nt know , fires the wave then kisses my hair roots .
i noticed her dark roots had been touched up , so she must have spent the day at ginnys salon .
the nbots buzz around our hair roots .
i present fugly ugly duck lips at the new ship since rann hugs me covering my hair roots .
my creation , rann chuckles , sweet breathing over my hair roots , being taller .
i m numb from boots to hair roots , exhales .
tok stands over lads hair roots , chuckling and smirking .
i see the billiards table almost touching the ceiling plaster as the plaster chips flakes drop on my hair roots , tiles , dining room table and other pieces of furniture .
she snarls without the spitting into my hair roots being taller .
he sweet breathes over my hair roots looking at me , not the window .
i m an earthling he stands leaning over my hair roots , without me seeing his face .
starra , rann whispers into my hair roots .
and my hands ca nt grab these stupid roots when i wear gloves .
maries exhales then stomps and stands over ginnita , bad breathing over her hair roots .
i close my eyelids , hearing silence then whistles in the far distance above my hair roots .
it took all my will to not try and rip my hair from the roots .
her greasy blonde hair with black roots hangs in clumps .
the poor man howled as the guards pulled his fingernails out by their roots and cut the eyelids from his face .
he was on me in an instant , a thick body with no fat , his movements fast and fluid as he grabbed my bangs , tearing them out at the roots .
those lovely blonde curls had surprisingly dark roots .
tag wondered if he was a lunatic for noticing that her blonde roots were the same color as its length , drawn back into a pony - tail , and thinking it might be worth remembering .
vinny noticed her dark roots were showing , but with the jagged short haircut it gave her an emo look .
her dark roots were showing half an inch and her hands shook .
she always presented well , her uniform seemed fresh out the box , tie perfectly knotted , her make - up unobtrusive , just a smear of blue liner and some pinkish lipstick , and though he was pretty certain her hair colour came out of a bottle , no roots ever showed in the blonde bob .
ragged tangles of blonde hair with conspicuously dark roots fell down past her shoulders .
she would n't let bernice cut her hair because it might hurt and there was no way to comb it , short of yanking it out by the roots .
he cuddles then kisses her hair roots as she wiggles against him .
tate exits the house standing over codys hair roots .
it was one of those strange moments where in the middle of all the chaos i was thinking , be careful , do n't hurt her , because it would look bad for a pretty young girl to end up with a broken arm or cracked ribs , it would mean police brutality even though right now she was tearing my hair out by the roots .
i saw the dark roots of her hair .
it contains each individual 's unique genetic code . , it be extracted from traces of blood , semen , saliva , hair roots , and even bone .
jason angled the man 's face down , ripping the ear half out of its roots , smashing the man 's head into the wall .
arkadin felt like pulling his hair out by the roots .
her hair was ragged , and her gray roots were showing .
a thin copper wire , insulated except for the tip , was then inserted through the trocar to the spinal root itself , the trunk through which nerve impulses from the entire body made their way .
tiny pinpoints of pain jabbed the underside of her tongue at its root .
the bullet drove through the roots of his front incisors , through the soft tissue of his mouth and his throat , through his third vertebra , through his spinal cord , through the fat on the back of his neck , and onward into the corner of jacob duncan 's house .
his hair is blond and short now , but if you look closely , the roots are still black .
dean ran a hand roughly through his hair , closing his fingers into a fist and pulling at his roots .
they widened under her feather - cut ginger hair , the roots showing gray by the crown , and her mouth opened into a tight , wrinkled oval , then formed a hesitant p. it was n't like i could claim i was here to fix the garbage disposal .
they poured through faneuil hall , and some cows were set loose from their pens , and someone overturned a produce cart and lit it on fire in front of its owner , who dropped to his knees and pulled his hair out of his bleeding scalp by the roots .
myrnin sighed , tugged at his hair with both hands as if wanting to pull out his brain by the roots , and then seemed to have a bright idea .
he grabs my hair and tugs at the roots .
one hand moved to the nape of my neck , twisting into a fist around the roots of my hair .
he was too strong to recognize that my hands , trying to yank his hair out by the roots , meant to cause him pain .
i tug my fingers through my hair , wrenching at the roots .
i decide to stop talking and knot my fingers through her hair , pulling gently at the roots so i can tip her head back and delve my tongue into her mouth deeper .
fidelia patted her hair , which was black with two inches of gray roots .
as he smoothed his jet - black hair , the roots showed mouse brown .
he mutters my name , threading his fingers through my hair and tugging at the roots until my head is tipped back .
he pulls at the roots , tipping my head back so he can search my mouth more thoroughly .
i do n't ... '' i tug my hands through my hair and yank out the roots as i try to sort through what 's happening .
he tugs at the roots and pulls my head back .
he threads his fingers through my hair , tugging on the roots so he can tip my head back .
seconds later , he combs his fingers through my hair and begins washing it as he tenderly tugs at the roots .
the ground vegetation was sparser , but now there were tree roots .
but final y her protests led the women to actual y look at her - with her fair , almost translucent skin scrubbed raw - and concentrate instead on washing her hair , which felt as if it were being pul ed out at the roots .
a few pulled at his blond hair and yanked fistfuls of it out by the roots .
that being said , his peekaboo roots , and strands that were laced through in places , were jet black - which had to be his real hair color .
god , his hair is dyed black but the roots are blond .
as penny had said , he had black hair with inch - long blond roots .
he was so striking , with his hair dyed black and those two - inch blond roots .
she ran her fingers through his hair , lifting the strands and revealing the blond roots .
i slip my fingers through his hair and tug on the roots , causing him to moan and start backing us up somewhere .
jo - jo 's bleached blond - white hair was coiffed into its usual , helmetlike tower of ever - tightening curls , although her black roots were starting to show .
i tossed her aside as hard as i could , tearing clumps of black hair out by the roots .
i grabbed frank 's head , ripping hair out by the roots .
ashe wanted to tug his hair out by the roots .
corent wanted to grab his hair ( which was now turning a dark purple ) and pull it out by the roots .
` ` no , i did not want to break them up , '' glendes wanted to tug his hair out by the roots .
kiarra wanted to tug her hair out by the roots .
griffin had fingers laced through his thick brown hair and he wanted to tug it out by the roots , he was so frustrated and upset .
tony hancock wanted to tear his hair out by the roots .
i run my fingers through my hair , trying to pull my answer up through the roots .
i run my fingers through my hair , tugging at the strands , hard , trying to pull some coherent thoughts up through the roots .
he ran a hand roughly through his hair , tugging at the roots .
he ran his fingers through his hair so hard he yanked at the roots .
alex dragged his fingers through his hair , tugging at the roots .
i could feel myself teetering on the edge and as i shoved the dildo in one last time , all the way to its root , i gasped , ` ` c - conner ! ''
haven could make out her features as she approached , her long , stringy hair so blonde it was nearly white , the roots the color of midnight .
he is petite , asian , a study in contrasts : his hair white with black roots , his clothes all black and strangely antiquated , like he stepped out of a charles dickens novel , and all covered in the same white dust that covered me that night .
a sliver the size of my little finger hung over the lower lip , still attached at the root .
i ' m amazed that even with her thick black roots peeking through her platinum - blond hair , the eyeliner and lipstick on her face smudged from the night 's adventures , her eyes bloodshot from fatigue , she still manages to look hot .
laila grabs two fistfuls of her hair by the roots , grunts , and then marches off to the kitchen .
courtney 's head was down , and spencer could see her jagged part and perfectly honey - blond roots .
i shake my hair and lower my head so he can see my roots .
ryan combs his fingers through my hair and my roots flip over .
one inch of golden - blond stretches from her roots .
his smile showed brown - stained teeth , some broken and black at the roots .
i run a hand through my hair , my fingers caught at the roots .
in the months since i 'd been at red rock , the magenta had faded to a rather putrid shade of orange and my roots were coming in under the black .
i drag my fingers through my hair roughly and pull hard on the roots .
he 's got wavy red hair that did n't start that way , as evidenced by dark roots that have grown almost an inch since he arrived a month ago .
red hair with substantially long brown roots .
and then i 'd wake up for real , in a gasp , my heart beating fast as rain , my newly identified lumbar muscles - extensor , flexor , oblique - pulsing the nerve roots of my spine .
` ` jesus , this feels so much better than i imagined ... '' he moans as his fingers tangle through my hair , tugging at the roots and it feels so good .
i still have my hand in her hair and i pull gently on the roots , causing her breathing to quicken .
i could tell it was dyed because she had ginger roots poking through ; she had a few piercings in her face and ears , and wore a black t - shirt and black jeans .
claire looked up at her friend , noticing for the first time the blonde roots showing through the bright red hair .
between them , she and kims mum had curled the red locks and pinned them up carefully to hide any blonde roots .
her hair was bleached blonde , with a good four inches of dark roots sticking out of the top .
he looked down at his hands , and his mouth fell open , and his eyes became almost as big as his mouth as his hands squeezed tightly , and more tightly , and more tightly , ... until he had pulled his penis out by its roots .
he grabbed one end of the tree by the roots , let out the most blood - curdling cry that i ve ever heard in my life , and lifted the tree out of the ground .
skippy hovers his hand over alvins hair roots , nodding .
alvin stares down at his hair roots .
cody frowns then views the hair roots of the others .
furner frowns at the wall then codys hair roots .
here in huntsville , the pageant crowns held for one evening the worlds greatest collection of blue stones on top of every beauty contestants hair roots .
maybe the ark is inside a cubby hole behind the monks ass fucner frowns and scans the hair roots of his co - workers .
fucner scans the hair roots while everyone studies their individual mobile telephone .
a water moccasin swims with its head fully above the surface and one third of its body below , so watch your hair roots except the smaller water snakes love the water .
and they wore a chefs hat to cover thy cone - shaped naked stinky hair roots , fucner laughs .
constance covers her ears then giggles as marvin stands over my hair roots , clearing his throat .
sterling views her hair roots being shorter .
woot sits in a squatting pose when the male hovers over woots hair roots .
i view the sky ship , above my hair roots , displaying the time element : 58:59:04 minutes .
neekim runs up the stairs showing only her hair roots .
rock pebbles fall over my hair roots .
i frown , standing at the table , staring down at her brown hair roots .
your hair roots are dirty .
ametheta leans over gloriette at the hair roots , saying .
prewitt gently kisses gloriette on her hair roots , only .
i m gon na drive by there and pick up some hair dye for my roots and some stuff to clean this place , and maybe see if a manager is around so i can see about the job .
pain drove maelgad to madness and he clutched at his scalp , pulling his long white hair out by the roots in handfuls .
then , prying against the back of the mouth , a series of cracking sounds followed as the teeths roots tore free from the jaw .
however , his skin was olive , and his hair was artificially blonde and spiky , the roots being dark brown .
they were streaked with a plethora of colours , once vibrant and bold , now faded like the walls of the prison , and her dark roots beneath had come through in many inches .
not a lock of hair , but the root of a hair .
it felt as if she was going to tear my hair out by the roots .
said a thin boy whose blond roots showed under his bad dye job .
he tugs his fingers through his hair and yanks on the roots as his head falls forward .
he tangles his fingers through it , pulling roughly on the roots , causing my head to tip back before his lips come down on my throat .
` ` in the end they both told it , and by the time they were done i was so mad and scared that i felt like yanking my hair out by the roots .
i tried to ease away from that hand , but it convulsed tighter , wrenching my hair as if she meant to take it out by the roots .
she inhaled his musky scent as she took him in her mouth , scraping her teeth all the way to his root .
i stopped in the act of sipping coffee and braced myself as genevieve tamed a tangle in my hair by the simple , brutally efficient method of yanking it out by the roots .
i was ready to pull out my frigging blonde hair by the roots and make them choke on it .
it did n't stop until it had a finger full of hair pulled out at the roots .
those claws of hers went straight to work ; one had clutched a fistful of his hair , the roots being plucked out from his scalp while the other dug ruthlessly into his chest , nails going in deep enough to her satisfaction until she could take those punctured wounds and pull diagonally , creating four extremely - grotesque - looking streaks across his flesh .
isabel screamed with a piercing cry of pain as the strength of her hair roots was tested .
the waitress was a sweet faced young woman with intelligent eyes and visible black roots jetting up through her white blond hair .
one second his ride was bent over and taking all he was giving and the next she swung around like a bullwhip coming undone and had him by his root .
tonight her bleached hair ( and alice realized it was the first time she had ever seen it like this ) , had its white roots showing and was hastily pulled back and tied with a silk scarf .
the roots were starting to show a bit of blond and he thought to himself that maybe he could surprise him with more hair dye .
it had been a taste to make the left hand stray to the erect and enthusiastic root of the penis in the middle of the night ... and even before wanda haskins consented , they had danced that sweet and special dance in will darnell 's dreams .
my hand wound into reba 's fake orange hair and clutched , as if to tear it out by the roots .
the heel of her left smashed into the stiff root of his penis and the testicles hanging below it like pate , ripe fruit .
roger 's ripping his hair out by the roots . '
virgil shrugged his wing roots , louie thought for a moment .
she felt great pain on her scalp , her hair being yanked so forcefully that she feared her extensions would be ripped right out along with their roots .
it was only a slightly sharpened inner edge to a troublesome old molar , one the root canal jobs , his concerned look was replaced with one of relief .
the next question , of course , was what to do with the skates when you had actually affixed them to your roots .
she pulled on her hair as if she was going to yank it out by the roots .
as a consequence , it leads to a compression of the spinal root .
as a result of the destruction of the disk , its sequestrum , in other words , small pieces of this disk , dropped into the spinal canal towards the spinal foramen and are pushing on the spinal root .
she ran her hand through her hair in frustration , and madcrap could see dark roots beneath the dry platinum waterfall that tumbled to her shoulders .
his curly hair was bleached blond , the dark roots just starting to show .
the beer - taste in the back of his throat clawed back up the root of his tongue .
he had bleached - blonde hair with thick black roots .
his black roots spread across his head like a dark angels hand and he was as still as a marble statue .
but neither of those jobs should have been a problema single root that had been supporting a crown for less than a year ; a back molar that was loose as a baby tooth , thanks to long - term gum disease .
but the root refused to budge for half an hour , and the molar , though it came out with just a mild tug , bled so badly i was afraid i d have to cauterize it .
gray roots in her hair showed ever so slightly in the light .
he knew she had dyed her hair by the empty hair - dye boxes in the bathroom trash basket , but he had never actually seen the gray roots before .
dixie looked like a dixie : southern , big flaxen hair with at least an inchs worth of dark roots showing down her center part .
her scalp was scraped and raw where they d yanked bits of the hair out by the roots .
he circles the chair , sweet breathing onto her hair roots .
i m placing a very gently object , very tenderly like holding a precious baby , he leans over her hair roots watching her body language .
ya know fat can actually hide the length of a truly big sized penis , my lovely grins at her hair roots .
he chuckles over her hair roots .
a deep sexy baritone trombone sweet breathes over her hair roots , hey , cutie , swings to jocelyn , grunting as she feels the wavering breeze of his arm fly near her skull .
mary margaret giggles with amusement then he swings it around his hair roots then around his boots making her feel comfortable .
you ll truly find out fucking me , he snorts into her hair roots , being taller and stronger .
he leans into the girl on his right saying into her hair roots .
he sneers over brones hair roots .
the tall male stares at brones hair roots .
he put his head in his hands and tugged at his hair as though he would wrench it out by the roots .
her skin was in need of a little sunlight , and her bleached blonde hair was well cut , but the dark roots were beginning to show .
whoever -- or whatever -- she is , she 'd better keep her hands off francis or i 'll pull that young hair of hers out by the roots .
when i took the towel off my wet hair , i could see a good half inch of roots .
i spent extra time to touch up my roots last night , i wore this summer dress , and i even stumbled around in stilettos .
except for her mother , who had yanked her roots up without a backward glance .
her own red hair was wild and dark at the roots , and the beige - and - blue uniform all the operators at clip casa wore was rumpled and -- well , hairy .
we all watch as dee walks up to the bar and grabs the heavy slut by the roots of her badly dyed blonde hair , pulling her from beck 's hold .
he bends down and roughly pulls me up by the roots of my hair .
i massage them as tenderly as i can , moving my other hand at his root , pumping swiftly , bobbing onto him faster and faster .
his hands dig into my hair , grabbing it firmly at the roots .
i prop my elbows on the table and grab my hair at the roots with both hands .
he grazes the pad of his thumb along my bottom lip , sighing , and then he moves his hand up to my hair and tangles his fingers through it , tugging at the roots a little .
everything seems to move in slow motion as i trail my fingers up his bare , lean chest , while he runs a hand through my hair , tugging softly at the roots .
knotting my fingers through her hair , i tug at the roots and bring her face close to mine , loving how her eyes roll back .
my eyelids flutter as his hand runs through my hair and tugs at the roots .
parker hurries forward , his fly undone and before i can move he grabs a handful of my hair , wrenching on the roots so hard my scalp stings .
` ` jesus ... ethan ... '' she groans breathlessly , her h*ps arching up as she threads her fingers through my hair , tugging at the roots .
i part my lips as his tongue devours me in a deep , passionate kiss , his fingers knotting through my hair , tugging at the roots , forcing my head back .
the man 's fist tightened in my hair until i was sure i was bleeding at the roots .
if i looked really closely , i would have seen glassy eyes , dark circles , and black hair that had a strip of blonde roots coming in .
` ` really good , '' he whispers against my mouth , and then kisses me again , his fingers threading through my hair and pulling gently at the roots , making my skin tingle .
his hand is tightening on my hair , pulling the roots .
he grabs my hair by the root and jerks it , hard .
her fist flutters up and down at the root of my cock , and her lips slide around my girth , going down and down , and then back up , and up , and now she 's set a rhythm , slow and steady .
she moves our joined hands to her head , places my palms on her hair , and then takes my root in her fist and cups my balls in her hands .
i pulled my hair at the roots , hoping the pain radiating from my scalp would dull the pain i felt at my core after reliving that night through my dream .
he pressed me down , pressing my clit against his root .
unshaved legs , visible roots , unkempt eyebrows and a thrown - together outfit was a massive turnoff .
peter took her hand in his , wrapped her fingers around the root of his shaft .
reaching up , she wrapped her fingers around the root of his shaft .
he gripped the root of his c**k and pressed the tip through her clit .
she watched him wrap his fingers around the root of his cock , drawing up to the tip that was glistening with his pre - cum .
her hand wrapped around the root of him , she used her mouth and hand in tandem , getting lost in the scent and taste of him .
her slick hand wrapped around the root of it , unable to take his entire length .
when he gripped my hair by the roots and pulled my head up , making me meet his eyes in the mirror , i came so hard i saw stars .
his fingers make an obscene sound as he yanks them out , then he lets go of my waist and grabs my hair at the roots , steering me towards the wall .
he grasps my hair by the root and yanks my head up , and i whimper .
when i tug at the roots , he growls in my mouth and lifts up my top .
he ran a hand through his hair , feeling like tearing it out by the roots .
with a grin , he wrapped his fingers around the root of that hard shaft and gave it a leisurely pump .
she watched aidan grip the root of dylan 's erection with one hand .
instead , he grasped the root of his cock , took a step forward and guided the engorged head into her mouth .
` ` because i ' m getting the hair on my vagina ripped out by the roots .
the scent of lucas perfume made her give a little hop in place ; she became an ice cube from , inert from hair roots to tiptoe .
she s older , in her forties maybe , wearing a cheap red tank top and jeans , with mascara running down her cheeks and dark roots under bleached hair .
i quickly snipped the feather that was attached to the root of her hair and a little of her dark frizzy hair cut with it , but i did n't dare tell her .
she tangled her fingers into the liquid silk of his hair and gripped handfuls of locks at the roots .
she grasps her cropped hair by the roots as her mouth hangs open .
its an old song by rascal flats , something sappy that always makes me want to pull my hair out by the roots .
mackenzie ran her hands through her hair , pulling at the roots .
the older woman had hip - length black hair with reddish brown roots .
finn ran his hand through his hair and tugged it at the root twice .
she takes a little more time , washes my hair and touches up the roots again , and then breaks out the gel and the blow drying .
her hair actually looked like it was dyed , because i could see some dark roots sticking out .
laughing , the vampress dug in her heels and leaped out the window , leaving vash fisting a mass of hair ripped out at the root .
she fisted the roots of her hair with both hands .
he tightened his fist in her hair , tugging at the roots and jerking her head back .
whole teeth , roots and all .
she completely enveloped his root with her lips .
` ` chunks of chocolate , not to mention the lakes of pi- son of a bi- '' it was all he could do not to rip his hair out by the roots .
wild for him , i pressed my mouth to his , my fingers gripping the sweat - damp roots of his hair .
fisting the root of him with one hand , i hollowed my cheeks and drew rhythmically , hoping for more .
his hands pushed into my bound hair , pulling and tugging at the roots .
his free hand lifted to my hair and held it at the roots , keeping my head still .
she 's nodding eagerly before i ' m done talking , yanking her roots when i do n't let go of her hair , but i get the drift she 's doing that deliberately .
i would n't have dared pull away from her , neither with my lower body nor my head , but the hand that has previously kept jasper 's face where she wanted it is now bunched up in my hair , tugging on my roots while she forces me to keep on kissing her through her last orgasm .
still sliding my fist at his root , i moved my lips down his shaft .
if anything , macy left me with the urge to pull out my hair by the roots .
she closed her lips over him , sinking lower on the root of his c*ck and taking him deep into her throat .
she 'd bleached her hair the color of straw ; her roots were jet black .
she had n't had time to color her own hair , and more than a little gray threaded her darker roots .
he was so powerfully elegant , except for his penis , which was bluntly primal with its thick coursing veins and wide root .
pulling his hair at the roots , trying to use the pain to center himself , he continued , ` ` i am a coward .
dark blond roots showed how long it had been since she 'd had a foil .
when she finished drying her hair ( trying not to notice how dark her roots were ) , she opened the bathroom door .
elizabeth rose above him , pushing him deeper still , until the slick lips of her cunt hugged the root of his cock .
her fingers drifted into his hair , caressing the sweat - dampened roots , her back arching into the intimate caress with a startled cry .
his hand slid under the back of my head , grabbing a handful of my hair by the roots and holding on .
she gripped her head and felt the sudden , violent urge to pull out her hair by the roots .
his hand was still in her hair , stroking at her roots , his touch soothing .
it did n't start to hurt till he tugged hard on it , causing her hair to snag at the roots .
steve splayed his fingers and jerked them through his hair in an action that seemed savage enough to yank it out by the roots .
he walked back toward the pool where everyone 's head bobbed above the surface , including one particular head , a blonde who kept telling him how ugly she 'd look once her roots started to show .
and jamie would , of course , prefer to have his tongue torn out by the roots , sooner than reveal to anyone the reasons for his scars , even if that meant leaving everyone with the assumption that he had been flogged for some disgraceful act .
` ` next time , i twist it right off at the roots , '' i said , releasing the ear .
she was making it worse ; the roots of his teeth ached , and his skin was burning .
the root was not broken , and the socket still bled slightly , so i took the chance and pressed the tooth firmly back into place .
one premolar had been knocked out clean , but the other had broken off at the root ; i could see a jagged line of yellowed enamel , gleaming against the dark red of his gum .
i rubbed my right hand , working out the cramp from the tooth - pulling pliers ; mr . goodwin 's broken tooth had been more troublesome to extract than i expected , but i had managed to get it out , roots and all , sending him away with a small bottle of raw whisky , and instructions to swish it round his mouth once an hour to prevent infection .
cupping her buttocks , aidan angled her h*ps higher , so that every deep thrust rubbed the root of his c*ck against her clit .
aidan ran a hand through the sweat - dampened roots of his hair and heaved out his breath .
he ran both hands through his hair , wincing at the damp roots and his sticky skin .
his hands clenched in her hair , tugging at the roots , and her gaze lifted to meet his in surprise .
she hugged him at the root , clasping his throbbing c*ck in liquid heat .
he growled , his right hand leaving her ass to grasp a handful of her long blonde hair , which he tugged back , making her roots twinge .
i pushed my fingers into his hair , feeling the dampness at the roots .
the lips of my sex clung to the very base of his penis , spread wide to encompass the thick root .
the gentle tugging sensations at her hair roots were activating all the right pleasure centers in her brain .
but if one more thing goes foul in this wedding , i ' m going to shoot first and pull my freaking hair out by the roots later .
gabby looked at her as if she wanted to snatch her down to the floor by the roots of her hair .
she was insanely jealous and she wanted nothing more than to tear the blonde 's hair out by the roots .
she felt his fingers grip her hair and tug on the roots , making her whimper .
her hands lifted to his hair , pushing into the thick tresses , gripping the strands by the root and tugging - a returning message to him that she was feeling equally passionate .
incited by his wildness , she caught his head by the sweat - dampened roots of his hair and rode his working mouth .
his hand cupped the back of her neck , his fingers pushing into the sweat - dampened roots and holding her just where he wanted her .
releasing the counterpane she held so tightly , she reached for him , her fingertips sliding through the thick silk of his hair to caress the sweat - dampened roots .
` ` gerard , '' she crooned , her fingers drifting into his damp hair and massaging the roots .
her fingers drifted into his hair , stroking the roots , loving him silently .
her forehead was wet around her hair roots .
his cool fingers moved against her warm hair roots , and she felt a trembling thrill .
the roots of her hair tingled , and she struggled for air .
she rededicated her efforts to deke 's cock , laving from root to tip , lingering on the hidden spot just beneath the flared head , wrapping her tongue around the thick root .
my skin tingled with pain as the hair roots screamed .
the heady notion tingled all the way to her wrapped roots .