` ` in other words , the square root of f**kall is f**kall . ''
her nose scrunched up as if i 'd just asked her to figure out the square root of three .
and it was this - his ability to recite the first fifty digits of pi , to list all the countries of the world in alphabetical order , to calculate the square root of any number almost instantly- all this , he knew , was his ticket out of here .
he did some mental math : carry the one , make the seven an eight ... multiply by pi ... add the square root of sixty - two ... do the hokeypokey and turn yourself around ... when he saw the final number , he immediately erased the blackboard .
he 'd got to the square root of 117 and was muzzily groping for the product of 12 and 6 when he felt the sudden stir of air on his damp skin .
i can tell you the square root of any number in ten seconds .
i found an interesting letter and wanted to have a root around in the archive in case there were more like it . ''
square roots ?
what say we pull this off and all get together over some root beers and pizzas when it 's over ? ''
everybody knows in algebra we learned about ` ` i '' which is the square root of -1 .
mathematical works , calculations , tables , cubes , square roots and measures .
it was a seiko quartz lc with a built - in calculator below the digital face twenty - four tiny buttons that would allow him to do everything from addition to subtraction to square roots .
two and two still made four , eight divided by four was still two ; the square root of eleven was still 3.3166247 ... and so on .
the ratio of the height to the width is one - hundred and fty - three to two - hundred and sixty - five , or the square root of three .
which means the distance between parallel sides is our square root of three again .
x equals negative b , plus or minus the square root sang to the tune of pop goes the weasel .
therefore , the fort would be 275 metres from corner to corner , making the area of the fort equal to the square root of half of 275 squared , or 37812.5 square metres .
therefore , the radius is the square root of that , which is , three thousand , five hundred .
the square root of which , is seven thousand , which proves , or confirms , the other method .
beyond that road was a small neighborhood , and beyond that lay the root 5 bar .
show me that two plus two equals four , or that the square root of 8,382 is 91.55326 and i can say yes , that is correct .
day onedark if you multiplied plain times dull and divided by the square root of nondescript , you d get the sum of the apartment that manny diaz shared with his roommate in washington heights .
he liked 97 because it was the largest two - digit prime number , and he loved 81 because it was absolutely the only number out of all the literally infinite possibilities whose square root was also the sum of its digits .
square root of eighty - one was nine , and eight and one made nine .
square root ?
so i guess i 'd use the square root instead , rounded to three decimal places .
its square root was a long messy string of digits .
its cube root was worse .
if they do n't , you can figure them as easily as square roots .
` ` wim , can you extract the sixth root of ... '' she picked a number at random .
' well ... ' ' then take the square root of that . '
' what 's a square root ? '
' then take the square root of that . '
a square root is a carrot that does n't know how to dance , right ? '
` ` the square root of 97,969 is ... '' he asked in swahili .
the speed of sound depends on the square root of the absolute temperature divided by molar mass .
they can tell you the square root of a jar of pickles - but ca nt actually open one .
davids tiffy ( spit ) saying leapt to my mind they may be able to tell you the square root of a jar of pickles , but they ca nt actually open one .
the square root of pi ?
i was pretty sure she had never seen root .
and that 's a fact that no one can dispute : that minus one is minus one square root .
and if he took the square root of [ ( y ) 828.62 ] 2 , no one else came to mind .
what s the square root of 62 ?
i circled answer d , responding to a question about square roots , bringing the pen around to give it an extra loop , and nearly tore through the paper .
anyone at a loss to recall the campaigns of general tacticus or the square root of 27.4 would not find her wanting .
16 ignorant : a state of not knowing what a pronoun is , or how to find the square root of 27.4 , and merely knowing childish and useless things like which of the seventy almost identicallooking species of the purple sea snake are the deadly ones , how to treat the poisonous pith of the sagosago tree to make a nourishing gruel , how to foretell the weather by the movements of the tree - climbing burglar crab , how to navigate across a thousand miles of featureless ocean by means of a piece of string and a small clay model of your grandfather , how to get essential vitamins from the liver of the ferocious ice bear , and other such trivial matters .
i can find the square root of 27.4 in my head .
besides , the intelligence of that creature known as a crowd is the square root of the number of people in it .
i remembered that the square root of 164 was 14 , and that christopher marlowe wrote the tragical historie of doctor faustus around 1592 .
tell me : what s the square root of sixty - five thousand , eight hundred and ninety - four ?
his hands clinched at the tables edge , willing anything with the root of 2 .
what is the square root of one hundred and forty - four ?
well , this poor woman really was the square root of nothing .
big m was a big guy , which is where he got the nickname , and he was the cube root of even the most provisional of marathoners , yet he thundered for his cousin 's place with such resolve that the vibration in his body from his large frame and size 13 boots bounding on the blacktop gave him a hellacious headache that six ibuprofen and two percocet could n't dent .
the dimensions that we live in are all integers , while they live in only one dimension , which is i.i is a term used to mean the square root of negative .
the square root of eight is nt something , donny .
` ` i trust , '' the professor responded , ` ` that your alternative solution ( for i assume you are about to propound an alternative ) does not contain the square root of minus one .
at the minute we have the square root of fuck all and are struggling , what the hell are we going to do ?
the root is said to satisfy the equation .
his brow is furrowed like he 's trying to find the square root of 3 .
i can give you the square root of pi .
he had to make it last somehow , so he closed his eyes and started reciting the square root table in his head .
me : quick - what 's the square root of my underwear ?
` ` in math , any number that 's the product of a real number and the square root of a negative one is referred to as imaginary .