she 'd finally stumbled upon the root of julian 's purpose .
before that it was actually the root word for the words queen and cuneiform , the most ancient form of writing .
el the articles points out is the root word for elite .
the root of the term ` ` were '' meant human .
i can make out some of the words from basic root meanings , but this particular dialect is something i ' ve never seen before .
` ` the word sword comes from the old english sweord , which comes from the root swer , meaning to stab or prick . ''
he shook his head , so slow , the movement fil ed with comprehension of the root of my question .
ty was pretty good with languages and could upon occasion pick up what someone was saying from knowledge of similar languages or even the meanings of root words he recognized .
kresley 's jaw roots to the table .
laken nods as if she understands the root of my question .
though his name sounded greek or even italian , the root was farther north .
he blanches and i know that i have finally uncovered the root of his anxiety .
you 're familiar with the root , i see . ''
but deep down , i knew the root of my problem with abby .
saara had used a word which they did nt understand but which used the roots of two other words they had learned together .
the word destination sounded odd in her thoughts , because of the root destiny .
the words of the bards and thespians tend to be rooted in history and then wrapped in mythology and tied with a pretty ribbon of fiction , but it was the root i was looking for .
i ve come to realize the root of their language is one of the ancient english languages .
i do nt quite remember which greek or latin root i need to finish off a drowsiness spell .
i choose the two names from spanish , greek , latin , sanskrit and tibetan roots , just for fun .
the group of campers currently staying at the main site were friendly enough , and making a few final adjustments on his equipment jerry was soon attempting to uncover the root of the problem .
i have taken liberties using the root vedas , which are the religious myth - hymns of the indo - european aryans who came to hammaran india in 1500bc and from which modern hinduism in part derives ; i use vedas in conjuction with an abbreviation of the word druid or oak to recognize the similarity between the vedas and ancient celtic tales , no doubt the most ancient surviving legends once common to all the indo - european peoples of europe .
later in his life , he came to realize that the name he had chosen was so plain as to grant him anonymity ; it was a root contained in so many other names across the planet .
it comes from the root ( bala ) , meaning to be old or worn out ( this excerpt from abarim publications article bel the amazing name would explain why in the bible , names associated with bel or baal mean old , worn out , worthless , or worthy of being destroyed .
now we see the root of our disagreement , karr said .
he was astounded to find that he could read the last one ; it was an ancient root of the high speech itself and said : track 10 to surface and points west the light inside was brighter ; the tracks met and merged through a series of switchings .
from the german froh , meaning joy , and the latin heda- , the root for pleasure .
but first it 'd be well to disabuse aritch of any suspicion that mckie was unaware of the root implications .
privilege and privacy , two words that share the same root .
the word was hebrew , a hebrew root word .
something hidden , something secret , something to do with that root word , char , that word which meant only death .
i must see the root . ''
after the old english root dom , which meant ' reckoning ' or ' accounting . '
he had extinguished the proud reynes of castamere and the ancient tarbecks of tarbeck hall root and branch when he was still half a boy .
i jump , t - rex using telekinesis into the air at a height of three feet , tapping a ceiling with gray hair roots then grab two ankles .
the golden voice had roots way deeper that any of us had thought .
antony understood the root of my question .
originally discovered by an ancient relative now admirably known by her latter day descendants as great aunt bronte , it was supposed to be called a spegg , but due to the misfortune of her being both blind and impaired of speech , it was translated into the records as a shpegg from # 88 shp being from the root word shpider , and egg from the root word egg .
originally discovered by an ancient relative now admirably known by her latter day descendants as great aunt bronte , it was supposed to be called a spegg , but due to the misfortune of her being both blind and impaired of speech , it was translated into the records as a shpegg from # 88 shp being from the root word shpider , and egg from the root word egg .
i never made any roots in st . louis .
lycos , i inhaled sharply , realizing i knew the root of the word .
they sat down to consider the roots of the word , which they thought might possibly be french , and as they were pondering over it ceri marched into the studio , quiet and purposeful , carrying a roll of newsprint under his arm .
the vedas : veda ( in sanskrit ) means knowledge ( gnosis ) , deriving from the root vid - ( indo - european ) meaning to see / know , but the term has come to signify , for the english speaking world , the hindu bible .
manu : in the vedasthat superb religious literature with no known parent ( passed down from the time of the gods ) we are given a description of how manu ( the indo - european root man ) with warning from a fish whose life he had saved ( a small fish which grew and grew and is interpreted as vishnu in disguise ) escaped the global deluge and became the great patriarch of the vedic people , perpetuating not only life , but passing on the knowledge and wisdom of the antediluvian world .
it was an odd , almost immediate transformation from tolerant to easily provoked , and elaine did nt understand the root of her hostility .
guess ill root for the principality .
but just because we do nt know the root , or rather , the particular etiology of what makes his trait active does not mean that we ca nt observe the facts , said zachary .
sadly , he saw his land rent apart by its people , inculcated with prejudice , the roots of which were rarely understood , but that manifested itself as unremitting anger and hatred .
understanding that fear and desperation could have been the main emotions behind the crime was one thing , but he could not claim to understand the root behind the fear itself .
you know the root of the word ?
warg and wearg can be traced back to a root that may have meant strangler .
` ` shaitan is the root of an english word ... satan . ''
the root of your name , sophie , is literally a ' word of wisdom . ' ''
he had been speaking in french , but he now broke into rapid corsican which , apart from a few italian and french roots , was incomprehensible to bond .
` ` i believe it stems from gaelic roots , irish in fact . ''
he spent hours with arkadin , trying to determine the root of his outbursts of fury .
the root word , again a hieroglyph , was in the sound leedaw , translated to convey the picture of a hollowed - out piece of wood that could be held in the hand .
he went back to the ashanti - coromanteen studies to extract compatible noun roots .
its root meaning is ` ` full grown '' or possibly - here scholars differ - ` ` great size . ''
scofield was suddenly struck by the root meaning of the word .
max hartman was a philanthropist in the root sense of the word , he loved people and yet he was not an easy man to love .
they 're derivatives of the same root name , '' harper said , sounding like a schoolteacher .
` ` so what 's the root name ? ''
i can talk to them , make them - ` ` they 're not the root problem . ''
did n't match the criteria for ` ` root cel ar '' he 'd looked up on his mobile .
i'l put him in the root cel ar . ''
` ` this needs to go in the root cel ar too , '' meredith said .
also there are no keyholes in the root cel ar .
` ` you ' ve got who in the root cel ar ? ''
after all , if there was a tree root , i seemed to find it .
gren had been before him all along and tiearan had never gone looking for the root of the boy 's unexpected surge in power .
the latin root of hector means ' to defend and hold fast . '
` ` oddly enough , the root word , ' duff , ' is slang for the bu**ocks , '' said dr . watson .
the point is , it has the same root , but entirely different meanings .
then shyly , to reward him , she replied i love you for the second time that day and meant by it more than just a mild preference , by reaching back for the archaic root her people had forgotten .
the root word of assumption is an ass of cody , nods and laughs .
the root word meant close ally , but it was conjugated in a way i had not seen before .
root is root .
the name , mareau , her familys name , was painted in delicate runes under the root .
moreover , gentlemen , he added , i have in her speech many roots of the great aryan tongue already recognized .
mother told me the roots of my name came from these books .
herbert and chuckles , whose actual name is root , lived together because they had lost their families and their litter of puppies in a house fire .
i ca n't see any roots .
thus i read recently a review of a book by sir gavin de beer , and , in what appeared to be a citation from the original , i noted the following opinion on the river - name arar ( livy ) and araros ( polybius ) : ' now arar derives from the celtic root meaning running water which occurs also in many english river - names like avon/ it is a strange world in which avon and araros can have the same ' root ' ( a vegetable analogy still much loved by the non - philological when being wise about words ) .
thus i read recently a review of a book by sir gavin de beer , and , in what appeared to be a citation from the original , i noted the following opinion on the river - name arar ( livy ) and araros ( polybius ) : ' now arar derives from the celtic root meaning running water which occurs also in many english river - names like avon/ it is a strange world in which avon and araros can have the same ' root ' ( a vegetable analogy still much loved by the non - philological when being wise about words ) .
he recognized the root handra- again ( and noted ' they have suffixes as well as prefixes ' ) , but this time he could make nothing of the hross 's gestures , and remained ignorant what a handramit might be .
there are long roots beneath the words of the fellowship of the ring ( i. z ) : ' elves ... could now be seen passing westward through the moods in the evening , passing and not returning ; but they were leaving middle - earth and were no longer concerned with its troubles . '
under root awa in ql are aute ' prosperity , wealth ; rich ' , ausie'wealth ' .
ql under root oso has os ( t ) ' house , cottage ' , osta ' homestead ' , ostar ' township ' , ossa ' wall and moat ' .
ql gives tarambor , tarambolaike ' tuor 's axe ' under root tara , tarama'batter , thud , beat ' , with taran , tarambo ' buffet ' , and taru ' horn ' ( included here with a query : see taruithorn ) .
-- a form kektele ' is also found in qenya from root kele , kelu : see i .
in ql it is given as a derivative of root lava ' lick ' , and defined ' tongue ( of body , but also of land , or even = ` ` speech '' ) ' .
possibly it was derived from the root isi : ista ' know ' , isse ' knowledge , lore ' , iswa , isqa ' wise ' , etc .
a related word in qenya was said in gl to be mapa ( root mapa ) ' seize ' , but this statement was struck out .
ql has also a root maha with many derivatives , notably ma ( = maha ) ' hand ' , mavoite ' having hands ' ( cf .
foaloke under a root foho ' hide , hoard , store up ' ql gives foa ' hoard , treasure ' , foina ' hidden ' , fole ' ' secrecy , a secret ' , folima ' secretive ' , and foaloke ' name of a serpent that guarded a treasure ' .
loke ' snake ' is derived from a root loko twine , twist , curl ' .
ql has furin and hurin ' hidden , concealed ' ( root furu of huru ) .
under root hoso ql gives hos ' folk ' , hosse ' ' army , band , troop ' , hostar ' tribe ' , horma ' horde , host ' , also sankossi ' the goblins ' , equivalent of gnomish glamhoth , and evidently compounded of sanke ' hateful ' ( root snkn ' rend , tear ' ) and hosse .
nfg has : ' falc is cleft and is much as cris ; being elfin falqa ' , and under root flkl in ql are falqa ' cleft , mountain pass , ravine ' and falqan ' large sword ' .
under root firi ql gives findl ' lock of hair ' and firin ' ray of the sun ' .
it may be noted that in ql turambar 's sword is given as sangahyando ' cleaver of throngs ' , from roots sanga ' pack tight , press ' ( sanga ' throng ' ) and hyara ' plough through ' ( hyar ' plough ' , hyanda ' blade , share ' ) .
this entry is given in ql under root para : parma ' skin , bark ; parchment ; book , writings ' .
gnomish words derived from the root roto ' hollow ' are rod ' tube , stem ' , ross ' pipe ' , roth ' cave , grot ' , rothrin ' hollow ' , rodos ' cavern ' ; ql gives rotse ' pipe ' , rota ' tube ' , ronta , rotwa ' hollow ' , rotele ' cave ' .
this must derive from the root srkr given in ql , with derivatives sarko ' flesh ' , sarqa ' fleshy ' , sarkuva ' corporeal , bodily ' .
ql has taru ' horn ' ( see dramborleg ) , tarukka ' horned ' , tarukko , tarunko ' bull ' , taruktarna ' oxford ' , and under root tara tara- .
in ql under root qete are qet- ( qente ) ' speak , talk ' , quent ' word ' , qentele ' ' sentence ' , eldaqet = eldarissa , etc .
` ` i don , t know what the root of it is , '' said felix .
olafs southern roots came to the fore as he said , ahh caint see ya awl a - dooin thaet .
so love , the real root meaning of the word , loses its true impact in the relationship when its tested by what life throws at it .
the word impulse , late middle english , roots from the latin impuls- ' dr.iven on ' , first used in the early 17th century as a verb in the sense ' give an impulse to ' .
sophia let loose with a string of profanities , some of which case suspected from their roots were archaic latin swear words .
the roots are rationalism , and i would define that word so : ' rationalism is the idea we can ever understand anything about the state of being . '
connor realized his words found no root with the others and more distressing - not with himself .
` ` leonie sounds like it might have the same root as leandre .
beneath these english definitions though were what he took to be the root words ( for he found the abbreviations and italics in dictionaries baffling ) .
the various dialects of that language really only employ two base roots ; one that functions like our to snow and another that refers to the noun snow .
all of the various terms simply attach different affixes to these two roots , and ca nt really be considered different words .
gray - haired men playing with young twenty - something girls , ahh the root unfairness of it all . ''
the word itself grew out of dhrimeaning to bear or to hold , from the root sense of the essence of the thing , the defining quality that holds a thing together as what it is .
at the root meaning something done , whether cause or effect .
it is formed by the pali prefix sam , meaning together , and the pali root dha , meaning to put , or place , or bring .
parthenos , the root word of parthenon , means virgin , but just look at what hank adaline is doing at the forefront of the temple .
although she did not teach me from out of the bible per se , i found the root of almost all her language on the pages inside .
once isobel had disappeared from view , i could barely deal with my own evolving life , let alone try to understand the root cause of someone elses dilemma .
if the boss could understand the root issue , he would be spared of the trouble , time and energy to explain the trunk , branches and leaves .
at first , his progress with the yamian tongue was rather slow , but having become a skilled linguist over the years , he was soon able to isolate those root syllables that were common with other languages of seeming similar origins and , from these phonemes , devise a rough diagram in his mind of how to piece basic words together into simple phrases and sentences essential to survival communication .
dr . akimoto could not discern the roots of her questioning , but felt certain his young charge had experienced something quite profound , something that had changed her , and was seeking a ground where she could re - anchor herself .
we all know this would be an ideal but the hunger of americans to sit on their sofas and root for a winning team while criticizing the losers has become for many the weekend way of life .
what kind of therapist prefers not to dig up the root of the matter ?
that 's awfully like ' atlantic ' and has the same root as ' atlas ' .
tannis is nt even a real root , you know , the boy said eruditely .
i do n't have roots .
i ve figured out the real root of the problem here .
towering , toothy and slender tires , a tiny motor tucked between the wheels in the center of the machine where the roar originates , that pulsating root of the metaphor , fly .
we know the root . ''
` ` do you know , one time when i told him to stop patronizing me , he proceeded to give me a lesson about the root of the word ?
there would be no bar to his imagining - he choked that line of thought off at the root , staring hard at percy in order to avoid looking at the wedding couple .
it 's greek , i think - the root word , i mean , ' trauma . ' ''
` ` the root words are ancient norse , i ' m almost sure of it .
it was normal , but dev thought there was more to it than wanting to cuddle babies and root for little leaguers again .
choosing not to argue about the root of his interest , alistair returned to an earlier point in the conversation .
she knew him well enough to know he was weighing the import and implications of her concern , and speculating on the root of it .
all three words have the same root , suggesting that treating others with compassion , in a way that is humane , is a fundamental part of what it means to be human .