it was also the fact he held a dozen red roses in his hand .
he turned back to her and held out the roses .
she deposited the roses onto one of the tables .
he called me a stupid little farm girl with rose - colored glasses .
i still have n't had a chance to wash off the sweat from our kayaking and hiking trip today , and i want to smell like a rose tonight .
she thought it was sweet that lucy had chosen the pink roses to decorate the table and she walked closer .
` ` these are my favorites , '' she said , touching the delicate petals of one of the perfect , pink roses with just a hint of red on the tips of each petal .
almost all of the roses had been his gift to her , although she did n't even know it .
when she was fourteen years old , he 'd hired a man to find a special rose bush for her .
when he saw how excited she was by the roses , how she preferred to do her homework in the rose garden , he 'd built up his collection of roses , trying to find unique and hardy flowers she might enjoy .
when he saw how excited she was by the roses , how she preferred to do her homework in the rose garden , he 'd built up his collection of roses , trying to find unique and hardy flowers she might enjoy .
` ` i used to love just laying in the garden and smelling the roses .
` ` if it smells like a rose ... '' she started , leaving the ending to shakespeare 's famous words hanging .
there was a lovely table filled with white roses , candle light and silver covered plates .
the steaming water quickly filled up the bath and he even poured something that smelled like roses into the water .
the salesgirl , whom ethan had addressed as rose , looked at them with a frown .
sounds like his childhood was n't all roses and sunshine , either .
after spending half the night looking for her in every bar and restaurant within 50 miles of town and coming up empty , he 'd returned to the bunkhouse to find a trail of roses leading back to this tiny room .
ethan brought it up once , when they were coming up with numbers for rose , who had volunteered to coordinate a potluck buffet dinner to hold down costs .
autumn had taken her up on her offer and hired rose and tracey richards to take turns helping her with the cooking and cleaning , and somehow both the younger women knew more about preparing food than she seemed to .
so who had left him a rose ?
my parents ' marriage ai n't all sunshine and roses , either . ''
cab kept his expression carefully friendly , as always , all too aware of the engagement ring that had been on rose 's finger for as long as he could remember .
it reminded him of rose somehow ; artistic , womanly , unique .
if it could n't be with rose , he needed to find someone else .
thoughts of rose vied with worries about who might have stopped in carl 's woods and why .
she 'd finished scanning all of rose 's purchases , but had n't bothered to state the total .
cab held the door for rose and mia , then hesitated as the women said their good - byes .
they walked through the shadows of the parking lot to rose 's truck .
` ` tell me about this project of yours , '' autumn said , craning her neck to see the lumber in the back of rose 's truck .
he could n't think of a better way to spend it than doing a project with rose .
he came around and picked up the two - by - four rose had marked minutes before .
forcing his face into concerned lines , he took rose 's hand and squeezed it .
at first rose did n't understand where the piles of paper placed neatly around the floor of the room had come from , but when she did she had to bite back a scream .
something in rose snapped .
his thoughts drifted to the unexpectedly pleasant evening he 'd spent with rose last night and he gave thanks to carl for buying one damn cushy couch .
maybe that 's why he was stepping up and testing the waters with rose now .
cab exchanged a look of dismay with rose .
the man would be an idiot to let a woman like rose go .
dragging himself back through sheer force of will , cab pulled away and searched rose 's face .
a glance around the room told him none of the furniture in here was good enough for his first time with his rose .
` ` not in a fight , but as the better man for rose . ''
` ` thanks for picking me up , '' mia said as she climbed into rose 's truck and shut the door .
by sunday afternoon , cab had enough of rose 's silence .
nothing in rose 's behavior led him to believe that .
that 's the way the old rose would do things .
new rose kept her love life in line .
` ` maybe she 's with rose , '' cab said .
all she had to go on was the direction she saw the woman run , but rose felt certain she knew where she would end up .
her voice was low and unsteady , with a trace of an accent rose could n't place .
claire 's harsher tones made rose want to jump in and protect fila from her .
he had to get back to rose and sort things out with her , before she drove herself wild with recriminations and self - doubt .
all eyes turned to where fila sat sipping the hot tea rose had made for her .
she even held her tongue as rose drove down the long driveway and turned in the opposite direction of the woods .
` ` because i ' m looking for rose , '' cab said .
he hoped hannah was with rose .
if they find rose and fila , she 's going to be in serious danger .
` ` rose might be dead if you do n't tell me , '' cab said bluntly .
not his rose .
if the terrorists were in the house , however , that was good news for him and for rose .
when he reached the door to her room , he opened it to find fila dozing , and jason and emory thayer at the side of rose 's bed .
several hours later , jason slipped back into rose 's room alone and rose understood he 'd come to say good - bye .
` ` what about rose and jason ? ''
` ` we can arrange your hours around your classes , '' autumn said , her eyes lighting up at rose 's response .
a bouquet of red and white roses sat in pride of place on the dining room table .
i just wondered who was staying at carl 's house now that you ' ve moved in with rose . ''
there were no roses at his mother 's seat .
as soon as the coast was clear , she opened her door and discovered a cut glass vase full of a dozen pink roses .
she set the box on her dresser beside the roses .
not now - in front of rose and morgan .
she held it up for rose to see .
mia flung herself into rose 's arms as rose stepped off the pedestal , their wedding gowns billowing around them .
i ' m going to practice on rose .
right now it was her job to concentrate on rose , and she turned to the task willingly .
whenever he ran into the sheriff , it was clear cab was overjoyed to be with rose , and anyone could see rose adored him back .
whenever he ran into the sheriff , it was clear cab was overjoyed to be with rose , and anyone could see rose adored him back .
` ` you 're going to skip rose 's wedding ? ''
` ` she 's invited to rose 's wedding , right ? ''
i want it to be perfect for rose . ''
she grinned at rose , snuggling baby pamela , who she cradled in her arms .
distill the jewelry part of the business down to the important things , use the walls for rose 's art , and enclose a corner for your office , mia .
mia stared at rose .
now she wants to buy thayer 's with rose and run her wedding planning business out of it . ''
she looked around , intimidated by the immaculate white linen table clothes and beautiful white and pale pink roses as the centerpiece for each table .
she still worked in the garden , digging in the roses and mulching whatever struck her fancy .
it was by chance that the current owner 's wife , elizabeth , mentioned having trouble with her roses last summer and other pests .
` ` so when are you coming over to take a look at my roses ? ''
` ` you could take a look at the awful black spot plaguing some of my tea roses , then we could have lunch .
` ` no , '' she called back down and pulled the rose and chintz patterned comforter over her head .
there were small vases holding one perfect rose and a few green leaves at the top of each plate with individual salt and pepper shakers .
they entered his penthouse a moment later and sabrina gasped when she saw all the roses and candles lining every available surface .
she handed sabrina the pink roses tied together with pink ribbon , then picked up her own white roses .
she handed sabrina the pink roses tied together with pink ribbon , then picked up her own white roses .
sabrina pulled her younger sister into a hug , then stepped back to pick up her bouquet of soft , pink roses .
` ` i do n't really want a home , '' she thought sadly as she plucked a rose out of a lovely arrangement that had been delivered that morning .
and was met with a huge bouquet of white roses and a mind numbing kiss , followed by a trip to a village fair where he took her on every ride available , even voting for the best pig and largest cow .
the withering of a rose .
the pristine gardens had winding paths , budding roses , and ivy covered arches that all lead to a view of the james river that went on for miles .
a single red rose sat on top of the blanket .
she offered logan the rose and a wink and pushed us toward the front of the house .
he 'd had the entire room covered in flickering candles and roses .
i pushed him down on the rose covered bed .
i thought you got - '' i turned and saw declan standing in the doorway , holding the biggest bouquet of red roses i 'd ever seen .
` ` oh ... looks like you ' ve already gotten a flower delivery today , '' i said , noticing a large bouquet of roses on the kitchen table .
she had grown vegetables and roses in her backyard up until she could n't walk without assistance , and i 'd been tending to her gardens ever since .
black and white candles floated in tiny glass bowls , and hot pink roses were set in vases throughout the house for a pop of color .
he handed me a huge bouquet of red roses drowning in baby 's breath .
` ` she never gets flowers for her birthday or for christmas like my best friend 's mom does and she never , ever , gets roses for valentine 's day .
and in the middle of that rug stood a small round table set for two , a bouquet of white roses in the middle of it , and flower - shaped candles glowing softly around the vase .
here there was a tall vase of fresh - cut roses and these , surprisingly , were real .
` ` some new roses came in from the greenhouse .
the short , squat vase on the glass table in the middle of the room was overflowing with roses , orchids and jasmine that gave the place a flowery fragrance .
even through the diaphanous veil that covered her face he could see the soft petals of her rose - red lips and the brilliant sparkle of her onyx eyes .
as if that were n't idyllic enough , a bouquet of rich , red roses sat by the candles , their petals gleaming ruby - red in the subdued light .
red long stem roses and lilies of every color filled every square inch of the entrance .
he got a dozen red roses , because they 're my favorite , and made reservations at le chez ... '' penny continued , launching into a complete retelling of the entire night .
the soft music from a string quartet drifted among the roses as guests sipped champagne and nibbled on hors d'oeuvres while waiting for the reception to start .
maddy whispered as we walked through an archway covered in roses .
most of the girls i ' ve dated would want to know why there were n't roses on the table as well . ''
tall crystal vases containing white roses graced each table .
the second box contained a fabulous bouquet of red roses , which filled the room with a lovely scent .
she painted sophia 's mouth a deep rose , making her lips look like they had just been kissed .
a slate terrace and a pergola covered in roses graced the center .
the trailing roses were in full bloom and their delicate scent filled the air with perfume .
alyssa 's cheeks colored a deep rose and her baby - blue eyes were round with disbelief .
her porcelain cheeks colored a deep rose and she backed away from him .
her cheeks colored a deep rose and he did n't think he 'd ever seen her look prettier .
he did n't think it was possible , but the blush on her cheeks changed from pink to a deep rose .
her cheeks colored the pretty shade of rose they always did when he mentioned anything to do with sex .
` ` you know what they say about taking the time to smell the roses . ''
the place was decorated with a canopy of tiny white lights , white wrought - iron patio furniture and huge bouquets of red and white roses in marble urns .
i slowly opened the door , keeping my safety latch in place and a single red rose presented itself through the small opening .
i opened the door and he came in , smiling at me sweetly and handing me a few dozen roses to go with the one that he 'd slid through the door .
i have been out in my car for a few hours , only taking a break to go get the roses .
i have never bought roses for anyone before , you know .
* * * looking like shit in his dirty clothes , but smelling like roses , parker went to the foot of the stairs and called for emily .
* * * parker went up the back elevators with a dozen red roses he picked up on his way home .
hell , i 'd have to save up just to pay for dinner and a dozen roses .
the walls were painted a soft rose color , and the furniture was old but clean .
declan was written in fancy script and surrounded by black roses across her left buttock .
it was the design she 'd chosen for him all those years ago , their names entwined , with bloodred roses .
rory mccabe strolled into the room , a huge bouquet of bloodred roses in one arm , a garment bag in the other .
she showered and pulled on a cotton robe with little roses on the collar , feeling silly and young .
chapter 6 instead of a cab driver or uniformed driver , she saw victor himself , holding a huge bouquet of red roses .
the gorgeous red roses were sitting on the bedside table and lana bit her lip , wondering how they 'd gotten there .
it was just a note or a cup of coffee , sometimes a single flower but whatever it was , it made her smile as she read the words or took in the delicate scent of the rose he thoughtfully left for her .
` ` starving , '' she relented and sat down across from him at a beautifully decorated table with white roses and more of those lovely off - white hydrangeas along with candles in the center .
when the door closed behind him , jade just about fell onto the rose covered bedspread , her mind reeling with the impact of his touch on her body .
despite the chipped tiles , there was a beautiful , linen covered table with pink roses in the center , candles on the table as well as several places around the walls and in the old fashioned sconces .
a gorgeous , four tiered wedding cake topped with white roses was in a corner of the great room with tables set up for an elaborate dinner , just waiting for the end of the ceremony .
the early fall weather had the chrysanthemums blooming , but also the last of the summer roses and she even spied several autumn camellias with their pink and white flowers peeping out of the dark leaves .
` ` ah , well , i 'll have to inform him that it is a very pretty pink with small roses across the back and a very ... .feminine cut . ''
there were white roses and lilies everywhere .
there were chocolates in her nightgown , roses delivered to her desk , along with a matching diamond necklace , bracelet , gold chains and various other small pieces that magically appeared in her jewelry box on odd days .
chapter 3 jessica looked at the table , noting the soft , pink roses and candle light .
there were roses everywhere !
red roses on every seat except the two she and edward were occupying .
now , sitting in the back seat and smelling all those roses , she 'd barely realized what he 'd done .
well , to be fair , he 'd instructed tim to do it but it had still been his idea to fill up the back seat with roses .
on every possible surface , there was a bower of perfect , red roses .
she turned her head and looked to the other side of the bed and sure enough , there were roses there as well .
she sat up and realized that the entire room was filled with roses and she finally understood what she 'd been smelling last night .
she touched one flower gently , afraid to mar the perfection of the petals as she twirled around , looking at the hundreds , possibly thousands of red roses .
the flattened whitish object was the rose she 'd snuck to edward the day of his mother 's funeral .
but the rose had been preserved and cared for all this time .
except with these small gestures , she thought as she twirled the rose carefully in her fingers .
she was fresh and alive , like roses .
the scent of the roses made her turn her head to see where the beautiful scent was coming from .
after yesterday morning , she did n't want anything to mar the beauty of the roses .
when she stepped into her apartment , she was overwhelmed with the scent of roses .
walking into her bedroom , she dumped her bags by the closet and read the note tucked into the roses by her bed .
` ` think of the roses like my hand and caress your skin with the petals .
` ` i ' m guessing it was n't a proposal on one knee with roses and romance ? ''
a salad was already prepared so they sat down to dinner in the dining room , which had been set for the night with a linen table cloth , candles and white roses mixed in with white baby 's breath .
he led her to the veranda where a lovely , romantic setting had been created using candles and white roses .
right now , all the roses were in bloom and the vibrant colors were shocking against the castle - like edifice .
but she kept staring at her reflection in the mirror in the rose colored dress .
` ` nice rags , lovely lady , '' he said and released her hand , but his eyes still admired her in the rose colored dress .
` ` while i was completely naked , with a rose between my teeth . ''
and velvet then dialed her employer 's number to let rose thorn know of her decision to marry mykolas sallis , stepbrother to one of her students .
she made a breathtakingly beautiful bride , her dark hair curled and pinned up , her face framed by a band of tiny pink roses .
nodding , she rested her head against his chest and began tracing the rose tattoo on his chest .
he smiled at rose , friendly and open .
he cleared his throat and re - focused on rose , handing her a set of keys .
there were roses everywhere .
` ` thank you for the roses . ''
a vase of roses sat by the coffee maker .
he held a bouquet of roses in one hand and a small , blue box in the other .
he kneeled in front of her , handing her the roses .
as they pulled into the driveway , she saw someone had hung a flag with a roses and hummingbirds from the front porch .
why did he have to have the most perfect tattoo of a rose on his chest , one that a lifetime ago she 'd traced with her tongue .
he made another pass with the petals of the rose he was holding , highlighting her eyebrows .
` ` me , too , '' she whispered against his warm skin , tracing the rose tattoo on his pectoral with a sparkly unicorn covered fingertip .
leafy plants , orchids , roses and a multitude of flowers that she had no name for grew together as no plants of the tropical and evergreen variety should .
by the time he managed to get out of rose 's jeep , she had the back door propped open .
words that summed up a woman like rose could never be .
she recoiled at the look on rose 's face .
sasha grinned at the back of rose 's curly black head , watching as her spine stiffened and her shoulders squared .
` ` i bet if you gave him this- '' rose walked to a display case and grabbed a sage green bottle , ` ` -and told him you 'd love if he wore it for you saturday night , he 'd smell heavenly . ''
at first rose had been terrified .
he looked up at rose .
according to rose , jason would win that bet .
` ` except for rose , '' sasha said .
` ` except rose and skye , '' sasha pointed out .
for the love of god , did this ass**le ever shut up about his rose ?
not to mention rose was n't exactly dressed for going out .
as they walked in , gillian perry 's hungry gaze slid over rose and zeroed in on sasha .
said boyfriend had not only broken up with gillian and spilled his guts about the rose 's advice , but within the next month , had found the woman he was supposed to be with and they 'd eloped .
ivy squirmed in rose 's arms .
he jerked his head up , then blinked at the innocent look in rose 's eyes .
he looked for ivy , but she was n't in rose 's arms anymore .
` ` i have to go , '' he said , jumping to his feet and tossing the stuffed animal in rose 's lap .
he had n't cared which holland he 'd found , and a small part of her wondered if he 'd actually wanted summer all along , but like jason , had settled for rose .
skye stayed quiet as she took ivy out of rose 's arms .
skye snatched the diaper bag and squeaky bunny out of rose 's hands .
he needed to keep his hands ( and every other body part ) off of rose , find the spring , visit his mother and go on a bleedin ' holiday .
it really was a shame he 'd left his ipod at home - at rose 's .
minutes turned to half hours as rose waited .
` ` rose said you had a family emergency . ''
sasha glanced at rose , found her watching him and quickly turned , but not before she 'd seen the emotion on his face .
` ` sod off , edwards , '' sasha growled from behind rose .
` ` i need to speak with rose , '' a voice called from below .
the baby 's hands reached for rose 's curls , grabbing them and cooing .
* * * the door shut behind them and it took a minute for rose 's eyes to adjust to the darkness .
` ` at least we have the apartment over the store , '' skye took the box from rose .
skye set the box down on the second step and took rose 's hand , squeezing it .
surprise showed in her sister 's hazel eyes before they dropped to rose 's neck .
he 'd recognized ivy 's mother as soon as she sauntered in , hell - bent on embarrassing rose or herself , he was n't sure .
but sasha knew it was n't directed at rose .
` ` i need to speak with rose .
` ` all of rose 's clothes were burned in the fire , and- '' haven gestured to the box .
` ` for rose ? ''
` ` there 's more coming , gabriel said , and jemma leigh 's organizing a drive for rose or something like that . ''
but i believe in rose and so do a lot of other people . ''
her eyes dropped to rose 's neck .
azalea moved the desk chair from behind rose , sat down and crossed her legs .
obviously azalea did n't want rose or her sisters to be a part of her new life , because she had n't mentioned anything of coming to see her or meeting any new siblings .
a familiar black streak of fur raced inside and jumped up into rose 's arms .
she swung her tall black boots as she continued , ignoring rose 's question .
although most of the time she wanted to hide in the office in the back of the store when it got really crowded and everyone started sharing stories of rose 's match - making advice .
chapter twenty - eight rose breathed him in , luxuriating in his nearness .
not quite convinced rose was completely safe , daisy stayed open later than usual to keep an eye on things .
a small rose bloom sat in a vase .
it was nice he remembered she loved roses .
according to rose , glen moved in with daisy a couple weeks ago . ''
` ` i ' m going to , uh ... i'm- '' her face turned as red as the roses that bloomed in the garden .
` ` i could have sworn rose said you were . ''
otherwise , she would have never let rose adopt ivy .
` ` i do n't need rose 's advice . ''
of rose .
school pictures of the three of them , graduation pictures ( though not of rose ) , baby pictures- she swallowed , her fingers digging into the arms of the chair .
gabriel watched as the roses that had bloomed on her cheeks withered away , leaving nothing but too - pale skin .
i ' m happy you want to reconnect with rose and ivy . ''
after all , he 'd been the one to convince her to let rose adopt ivy .
was she a substitute for rose ?
gabriel came into focus , standing in front of an arch of roses and ivy .
summer 's gaze flew to rose and alexander .
jenna winced , then looked up and waved at her neighbor , who 'd stopped dead - heading her roses to stare at maxie in surprise .
more flowerbeds followed the line of the house , with roses and tall spires of pastel - colored stocks scenting the air with a heady perfume .
a slight breeze ruffled the curtains and carried with it the scents of roses and columbine from the garden just below her bedroom .
how far she 'd come , she thought idly , that she now felt at home here , with the rose - patterned oriental rugs dotted on a gleaming wood floor .
at the moment , she could n't have discerned the difference between a rose and a weed anyway .
she stopped , bent down and sniffed at a rose before straightening again .
roses sent their perfume into the air , and columbine and larkspur dipped and swayed brilliantly colored heads in the soft wind off the ocean .
her scent - sweet roses - drifted to his nose as she leaned into him and their lips met .
the room smelled of romance , a mixture of roses and berries with a hint of vanilla .
the smell of roses and crackle of fire lulled me to sleep , unperturbed and tranquil .
it 's not that i ' m scared to mention it , but it was more like being weary about the simple truth that things are n't hearts and roses between blake and me .
the white lilies and roses were dyed black , adding a more eerie effect .
the smell of roses in bloom was enticing to the senses .
it was a beautiful garden wedding , with a black carpet aisle scattered with hot pink and white roses and the cozy pergola was covered with white and pink roses as well .
it was a beautiful garden wedding , with a black carpet aisle scattered with hot pink and white roses and the cozy pergola was covered with white and pink roses as well .
the whole place smelled of roses , romance , love and the celebration of life that was to occur .
surrounded with candles , the intoxicating scent of amber and roses filled the air .
there were several tents erected and arches of roses intertwined with other blooms circled the area .
his palms were moist like he was about to show up for a first date with roses and champagne with a woman he knew would turn him down .
it was the rose the phantom had intended to give christine at her ultimate performance , but then dropped on the rooftop when he discovered the woman he thought he possessed had fallen for another man .
grabbing the bridal bouquet - white lilies , sprigs of lilac , and pink roses bundled with a lavender ribbon - allison followed devon 's lead through the hall , down the staircase , across the main corridor toward the grand banquet hall entrance .
a dozen roses , a hand - selected bottle of pinot noir , and chinese takeout .
` ` you had me at the roses .
i got out of the car numbly and walked up the steps , surrounded by white roses .
genie opened the door to a delivery person behind a dozen white roses .
she set the roses on the table by the door , then signed the girl 's tablet .
cami 's voice came from the phone lying on the table next to the roses .
` ` cami , '' she said breathlessly , ` ` somebody sent me a dozen white roses . ''
both girls were keenly aware that ross had had a habit of sending genie white roses .
` ` who sent the roses ? ''
the scent from the roses called to him .
julian leaned forward and rested his elbows on his thighs and absently caressed the soft petals of the roses in his hands .
he handed her the roses , hoping that would sway her in another direction .
claudette and camille had agreed it was the perfect place with a spacious area amid the roses for a makeshift dance floor .
knowing claudette , her dilemma was probably nothing more than where to place the orchids in relation to the roses .
the roses looked like someone had come along and splattered a green canvas with every color imaginable .
two rows over , he found his mother 's grave , which had been adorned with a fresh spray of yellow roses .
the yellow calla lilies in his bouquet complemented the roses in claudette 's spray .
his mother had always smelled like a garden of roses dampened by rain .
` ` did you hide something for me among the roses ? ''
she left word of where she was going with rose , and headed for the garage .
he waved a bouquet of white roses at tasha .
claudette loved the roses .
the way she smelled of roses just after a summer rain .
' he 's just ordered the sticky date and ginger fudge with the three dozen red roses to go to his current woman .
' let 's see ... a month ago he ordered jelly beans with the roses so that meant he wanted her to lighten up and just have fun .
he always starts off with the double chocolate fudge when he first sends roses to a new woman .
' which is when he sends the roses with the macadamia fudge , meaning she 's driving him nuts so please come to the party .
only bed and roses .
sacha had done a painting of roses to hang in his bedroom , but her father would have liked waterlilies , too .
with roses , her mind snapped .
orders for roses came in .
' jordan powell is ordering roses and double chocolate fudge to go to your mother . '
her mother complained she was drowning in roses and putting on weight with all the double chocolate fudge .
give the roses away . '
her mother was inundated with roses and fudge for the third week running .
he would stop sending the roses eventually .
' do n't send me any roses .
' i mean the roses you send as a matter of rote to all the women who have held your interest for a while . '
aware that the housekeeper had to be curious about the decisions she 'd come to in regard to a relationship with jordan , she 'd told her straight out that she owned the rose farm he used for gifts to his girlfriends and had n't thought the attraction was worth pursuing , given her inside knowledge of his track record with roses .
sacha called late in the afternoon to report that no roses had come and what did that mean ?
all those roses he sent me ... he wanted a chance with you .
he wo n't be sending you any more roses , ' she said dryly .
' without the roses . '
sacha was ecstatic at the marvellous turnaround from break - up to marriage , babbling on about being right about the roses and how happy she was for ivy .
' jordan has just ordered twenty dozen red roses , without the fudge , to be couriered to a palm beach residence on friday afternoon . '
the roses were a good talking point .
they stepped into a grand foyer where a magnificent display of her red roses stood on a marble pedestal .
' if you 'd kept your big mouth shut , sacha , robert would have turned what our parents left him over to me and you 'd have gone on your own merry way , just smelling the roses , ' he said mockingly .
the scent of roses teased her awake .
she turned her head to look at the roses she knew must be there , but the dark figure sitting by her bed caught her gaze first .
her last thought before she fell asleep again was about the roses whose scent had sweetened her awakening .
sue 's was a mixture of pink carnations and white roses , while jessica was to carry the white basket of miniature pink roses .
sue 's was a mixture of pink carnations and white roses , while jessica was to carry the white basket of miniature pink roses .
` ` now your flowers , '' the dresser said , handing nicole the three red roses she was to carry as her bouquet .
these roses were in full bloom and strongly scented .
red roses for love .
the bridesmaids ' bouquets were handed out , posies of roses in every colour .
white pedestals held spectacular arrangements of red roses .
the reception room was decked out in traditional white linen with red roses on all the tables .
the florist who 'd supplied the masses of roses arranged on pedestals everywhere had surely made a fortune from this one order .
the bikini she wore was fashioned out of red roses .
' if she was in the garden , any man might be tempted to take time out to smell the roses ! '
there were n't any red roses in a vase .
like when he brought her a bunch of the most gloriously scented yellow roses and he took the one she 'd held up to her nose and caressed her skin with it ; her cheeks , her neck , down the v - neckline of her shirt , undoing the buttons , brushing it over the swell of her breasts ... he 'd hoisted her up on the kitchen bench and had incredibly erotic and exciting sex with her there .
a one - week family vacation , showing her a bed of roses ... no vacation was real life , skye firmly told herself , more like a dream ... time out of time .
his smile invited her to smile back at him as he added , '' the urge to stop and smell the roses came upon me . ''
` ` there are no roses in that park . ''
the perfume flooded up from what had to be at least two dozen roses , a random selection of many varieties and colours .
dante stood in the grand foyer of the palazzo , waiting for his bride to come down the staircase , which was festooned with white ribbons and roses .
and the weather was kind - a lovely fine day for the ceremony under the courtyard pergola which was covered with climbing roses .
everything was sensuously feminine : elegant rosewood furniture , a silk brocade bedspread printed with lush red and deep pink roses , bundles of rich cushions , thick dark red carpet , matching red silk curtains .
having collected glasses of champagne from the bar , they strolled out to the rose garden - all red roses , scenting the air .
unless the romantic dinner at kirkton park had been a softening - up measure , deliberately promoting the attraction she felt so she 'd be willing to have more of him - a very seductive dinner with champagne and roses .
the roses at flemington racecourse were in full bloom .
having regained her pleasure in the day , daisy hugged his arm as they moved past the gate and strolled up the rose - bordered path to the pavilions overlooking the racetrack .
all the fences were lined with roses in full bloom .
her mother pointed out vases of tightly clustered red roses , dozens of them in each perfect pompom - like arrangement .
daniel discreetly removes the gum from the sideboard , and perfumes the air with attar of roses .
long - stemmed yellow roses in a deep box .
i reach for one of the roses and lightly squeeze it .
that 's where the forty thousand roses flown in from ecuador and holland at a cost of pound125,000 ended up .
i start my arrangement with a pink rose stalk ( desire ) and follow that with an oleander ( caution ) .
at a grand society dinner party in new york she shocked everyone by eating the roses that were there as table decorations . '
i cry , and drop the rose stalk .
i finish de - thorning the roses , cut the stems diagonally , put them into the metal bucket and store the bucket in a dark corner .
roses from the ranch garden .
roses for monica , daisies for jeremy .
a minister waited at the head of that aisle in a gazebo draped in brilliantly shaded roses and a quartet of violinists were off to one side , playing classical music for the waiting guests .
farther in the distance , a white tent , strewn with yet more roses , awaited the reception party .
bella beamed at him as if the man had just presented her with a bouquet of roses .
mom 's roses are just starting to bloom . ''
the perfume of the roses was thicker the farther they went into the garden , and she inhaled deeply , dragging that scent into her lungs .
when he looked at the roses his mother had planted , did he see maggie there , too ?
it rained so hard the roses were coming up out of the ground . ''
scowling , he glanced around the hallway and noted that the cobalt blue vase held a huge bouquet of roses , their scent spilling through the entryway .
` ` has your rose had her baby yet , michael ? ''
there were vases and bowls filled with roses and daisies and some kind of weird purple flower .
her long hair was hanging loose in tumbled curls and a wreath of yellow roses encircled her head while lemon - colored ribbons trailed down her back .
with rose ? ''
truth be told , lucas did n't much like the idea of using rose , either , though damned if he 'd admit that to sean .
for the first time , marsha 's gaze slid past lucas to notice rose .
they 'd wrapped up their business talk and after hearing yet another blissful take on the newlywed life from rafe , sean had mentioned what lucas was up to with rose .
the upside was , now that he 'd considered rose might have been a part of the whole setup , he felt less ... not guilt , precisely , but regret , about using her .
a few minutes later , lucas was lying against the bank of pillows with rose still spooned in front of him .
not the sweet and pure rose .
staring at the computer screen doing the books for her business was n't taking rose 's mind off of lucas king .
he 'd been up for hours , thinking over what had happened with rose , and he needed a damn break before his brain exploded .
` ` the saint - rose thing notwithstanding , you should have seen the expression on lucas 's face when he told me that we 'd be getting married if i turn up pregnant .
rain clattered at the windows , and the wind moaned as it swept under the eaves of rose 's old bungalow .
when his secretary left and closed the door , dave said simply , ` ` you should n't have gone for rose , lucas . ''
which struck him as odd , since telling dave about sleeping with rose had been the whole point of this exercise .
clearly disgusted , lucas walked to rose , pulled her into his arms , then set her back from him and held her face between his palms .
he nodded and dee slipped around the counter , took rose 's arm and steered her out of the shop .
being in this room , even using that new cast - iron skillet he had bought on rose 's orders , left him feeling ... incomplete , somehow .
` ` he scared the crap out of rose that night . ''
was n't so long ago that i was doing with katie exactly what you 're doing now with rose .
but the most beautiful part of the garden was the roses .
teresa had brought slips of california roses with her when she 'd given up her life to be queen .
the air smelled of roses and beeswax , and garrett took a deep breath to steady himself for the coming confrontation .
and how many hours of penance they 'd all paid for every dead rose and daisy .
the half - a - pie was still steaming and alongside it sat a small bowl with a couple of radish roses , curls of carrot and celery beside a small dish of what looked like ranch dip .
agnes had just finished helping her into a bedgown of soft white lawn embroidered with pink silk roses when royce knocked on the door to her chamber and entered .
the blindingly bright hues of color combined with the ceaseless roar of the crowd so delighted aunt elinor that she clapped her hands for an english knight who rode by with a particularly stunning coat of arms bearing three lions rampant , two roses , a falcon , and a green crescent .
` ` aunt anne , could you actually care for a man who dropped to his knees and said , ' oh clarabel , your lips are the petals of a red rose and your eyes are two stars from the heavens ' ? ''
her white silken ball gown was trimmed with broad scallops caught up and held in place with pink silk roses which matched the ones entwined in the heavy curls at her crown .
the moment they were within the sheltered seclusion of the high , clipped hedges that surrounded the last of the blooming roses , paul took her in his arms and kissed her .
enormous clusters of red , white and pink roses reposed in gigantic silver bowls and atop tall floor stands .
like the other two rooms , the ballroom was lavishly decorated with bouquets of roses that lent color and drama to what had been a cold , austere room .
` ` you 're going to steal the day from me , '' she smiled , surveying the yellow and white roses entwined in whitney 's lustrous hair and the flowing yellow velvet bridesmaid gown she wore .
with a breezy smile whitney accepted her bouquet of yellow and white roses from the maid .
while clarissa fussed with the roses in her hair , whitney joyously imagined her reunion with clayton tomorrow .
clayton gazed down at her entrancing cream and roses face and wondered how in the hell he had started to speak of love and ended up in an inane discussion of personal hygiene .
other brides do n't understand , not exactly , but i do now and i- '' she was as pink as roses when she trailed off into pathetic silence .
she walked through the formal rose gardens , vibrant with separate beds of red , white , pink and yellow roses , and then across the lush manicured banks of the immense lake where swans floated aimlessly upon the tranquil surface .
she walked through the formal rose gardens , vibrant with separate beds of red , white , pink and yellow roses , and then across the lush manicured banks of the immense lake where swans floated aimlessly upon the tranquil surface .
she 'd even named sheridan after a particular kind of rose that bloomed at the parsonage , a special species of red rose that she said bloomed in gay profusion along the white fence surrounding the parsonage .
shyly avoiding stephen 's frankly admiring gaze , she nodded graciously at the footmen standing at attention near the sideboard , complimented the silver bowls of white roses and banks of ornate silver candelabra on the table , then she slid gracefully into the chair across from him .
they were both beautiful women - beautifully gowned , one in yellow and the other in rose , beautifully coiffed , and beautifully behaved .
despite all that , there was evidence that someone had once loved and enjoyed the place ; pink roses were blooming riotously on a trellis beside the porch and there was an old wooden porch swing hanging from the limb of a giant oak tree in the front yard .
the decorations committee had turned it into a gorgeous winter fairyland , with white gazebos blanketed in artificial snow and filled with red roses and holly .
near the center of the room , a larger gazebo with roses trailing up its columns and ` ` snowbanks '' at its sides was occupied by an orchestra playing a salute to rodgers and hart .
with her blond hair caught up in an elegant cluster at the nape , entwined with small white roses , meredith bancroft was a breathtakingly beautiful image of breeding and serenity .
in the center of the table was an enormous and elaborate antique sterling silver bowl filled with red and white roses .
beside it was a matching tea and coffee service with delicate sevres porcelain coffee cups rimmed in gold and hand - painted with tiny roses and vines .
fresh pink roses reposed in an ornate bowl in the center of the table , and the antique silver flatware looked lovely against the pink linen place mats .
thinking she ought to contribute something more to the meal than merely setting the table and putting the platters and wine there , she reached out and poked gently at two of the fresh pink roses in the centerpiece .
from the moment matt 's hand had closed around hers , a strange peace had swept over her , a peace that had now burst into bloom like roses in springtime .
i told him they had to be pink roses .
` ` i named her elizabeth because i thought you would like that , and i told my father i wanted her to have dozens and dozens of pink roses .
` ` you see , despite what i had put on the cards with the roses , i knew in my heart how you really felt about the baby - and about me . ''
on an impulse she crossed the street and bought a fistful of roses from a florist shop , then she walked down the block to where joe was waiting with the car , surprising him by arriving from a different direction .
she produced a dozen long - stemmed roses from behind her and held them out to him , her smile bursting out like sunshine .
he yanked her into his arms , crushing the roses between them .
she warned him , but zack was preoccupied with admiration for the results of their kiss : her huge , dark - lashed eyes were lustrous , her porcelain skin tinted with roses at the high cheekbones .
he knew it even before he stepped out in front of a smiling crowd and stood before his future father - in - law in a church aglow with candlelight and perfumed with lavish bouquets of white roses tied with white satin ribbons .
epilogue surrounded by lavish bouquets of long - stemmed roses in every color of the rainbow , julie cuddled her newborn son to her breast in her private room at cedars - sinai medical center , but for the first time since the birth of their son two days ago , her attention was not on the tiny , perfect infant that she and zack had created .
` ` it 's beautiful , '' he said decisively , holding it out and studying the colorful roses in full bloom that were heavily embossed on a dusty pink marbled background .
on the main floor , the candlelit tables were laid with sparkling crystal and china , and decorated with spectacular sprays of cream - and - red bicolor roses from south america , blooms the size of softballs .
victoria stared at the sketch that lay in her lap while the delicate lines and curves of the meandering roses she 'd been drawing from her memory of last summer blurred before her moist eyes .
victoria chose the best of the five - a soft black muslin with a low , square neckline , embellished with tiny white roses she 'd carefully embroidered on the full sleeves and hem during the long voyage .
when she was about to enter the rose and gold drawing room , however , charles drew her back and said in a low voice , ` ` i notice you ' ve put off mourning early , my dear .
as they passed across the landing , victoria paused to look down upon the foyer below , which had been turned into a wondrous flower garden in honor of her ball , with giant pots of airy ferns and huge baskets of white roses .
footmen dressed in formal , green velvet livery trimmed with gold braid stood at attention along the staircase beside tall silver stands of more white roses .
enormous canopies of white orchids , lilies , and roses stretched above huge tables laden with silver plate , china , and food .
it was two inches wide and fashioned to look like a delicate cluster of flowers , with diamonds cut in various shapes to make up the petals and leaves of tulips , roses , and orchids .
victoria turned pink as roses , smiled weakly , and headed for the door .
she walked into jason 's suite , smiling at the contrast between his masculine , heavily carved , dark furnishings and her own room , which was done in the french style with gossamer silk draperies and bedhangings of rose and gold .
pink rose petals floated down about her skirts , joining those of the red roses , the white , and the yellow which she had also unconsciously shredded .
` ` including the roses , evidently , '' he observed , feeling slightly guilty for ignoring her these last several days .
alexandra followed the direction of his gaze , flushed with embarrassment , and said with a mixture of distress and frustration , ` ` the roses are beautiful , but- '' ` ` -but you were bored with the way they looked when they had their petals on , is that it ? ''
transfixed , jordan stared at her as she stood against a backdrop of vibrant roses and distant green hills - a pagan maiden addressing the heavens in a sweet , soft voice : ` ` every season of the year comes with a promise that something wonderful is going to happen to me someday .
a scarf of yellow , white , and blue stripes was tied at her throat , her hands were encased in yellow gloves , and a pert straw bonnet trimmed with yellow ribbons and silk roses was perched upon her mahogany curls and tied beneath her ear .
on the laden breakfast tray , as was the custom , there was a red rose and a copy of the times folded in half .
alexandra and the duchess ascended the curving staircase together , and alexandra was shown into a splendid suite of rooms decorated in shades of rose .
not to be outdone by a mere ` ` weanling '' like sevely , the elderly sir dilbeck , whose hobby was botany , named a new variety of rose he 'd grafted in her honor , calling it ` ` glorious alex . ''
the whole downstairs seemed to be filled with baskets of white roses and greenery .
at the altar , melanie camden 's bouquet of roses slid through her numb fingers , roddy carstairs grinned broadly , and alexandra stood there , convinced this was not really happening to her , this was a dream , she thought wildly , or else she had gone mad .
` ` i gather , then , that all is not honey and roses here between the reunited couple ? ''
tony paused to bend down and pluck a rose growing in the small garden .
tucking the rose behind her ear , he chucked her under the chin .
pulling the rose from behind her ear , alexandra twirled the stem absently between her fingers .
` ` and again ... and again ... '' alexandra 's smooth cheeks turned as pink as roses , but an answering sparkle lit her eyes .
but on the way back to the house , he noticed for the first time that the roses blooming lavishly in the manicured beds beside the house were divided by color , rather than mixed together , and that the pink ones reminded him of her lips .
as they passed the wide , rose - covered arch that marked the entrance to the formal gardens , jordan grinned ruefully to himself and shook his head as he realized , for the first time in his life , that the roses tumbling over the arch were red .
as they passed the wide , rose - covered arch that marked the entrance to the formal gardens , jordan grinned ruefully to himself and shook his head as he realized , for the first time in his life , that the roses tumbling over the arch were red .
` ` what color are the roses on the arch at the gardens ? ''
startled by the abrupt change of topic and the question itself , mathison replied blankly , ` ` roses , your grace ?
at least i knew there were roses on- '' he broke off abruptly as higgins hammered on his door in an unprecedented frenzy , calling ` ` your grace - your grace ! ''
and on the arch , by the arbor , the roses are red . ''
it was little wonder that on that fateful day when robert unexpectedly arrived from london , dragged her away from the roses she was pruning , and , grinning broadly , informed her that she was going to make her debut in london in six months , elizabeth had reacted with pleasure and no concern at all about encountering any difficulties .
clad in a filmy , gold - spangled white gauze gown with white roses entwined in her golden hair and her green eyes sparkling , elizabeth cameron looked like a fairy - tale princess .
everywhere there had been the intoxicating fragrance of roses .
` ` i do n't quite know how to tell you , '' elizabeth admitted frankly , sitting down beside alex while bentner hovered worriedly about , pretending to pluck withered roses from their stems so that he might hear and , if needed , lend advice or assistance .
elizabeth chose the least flamboyant - a high - waisted white lawn gown with a wide band of pink roses and green leaves embroidered at the hem and at the fitted cuffs of its full , billowy sleeves .
a matching white ribbon with roses and leaves embroidered on it lay atop the gown , and she pulled it out , uncertain how to wear it , if at all .
she departed in a flurry of rose skirts , leaving elizabeth to lean weakly against the door of her bed chamber and wonder how the dowager treated people she liked only slightly .
since he was in no hurry to join his chaperons , ian diverted her by asking about a particularly interesting shrubbery , an unusual flower in the front bed , and even a perfectly ordinary rose .
` ` actually , my favorite flowers are roses .
the vendor seemed to have everything from roses and carnations to tulips and daisy , but he did n't have one single calla lily .
the tea house was full of red and white roses and calla lilies .
warren handed callie her bouquet of roses and calla lilies .
but the victorian rose seems to be doing well . ''
if everything went as planned the car he 'd sent to pick her up at the victorian rose would arrive soon .
vases filled with long stemmed red and white roses sat on every table .
he waved back to acknowledge he 'd seen her and grabbed the dozen long - stemmed red roses off the passenger seat .
prepared for battle , nate pulled into the garage armed with a dozen long - stemmed red roses and red velvet cupcakes from rosie 's .
her roses are her pride and joy . ''
a single candle sat in the center of the table and a red rose had been placed in front of one chair .
an hour earlier the florist had delivered a dozen long stem roses to his apartment per his instructions .
he held out the bouquet of roses .
` ` i ' ve never seen roses this color . ''
he watched as she trimmed the pink champagne - colored roses .
addie shook her head , the tendrils she 'd left free swaying as she arranged the roses in the vase .
but any hopes of doing that evaporated when she opened the door and saw him holding roses .
no one , not even trent sherbrooke , showed up for a business meal with roses in hand .
the roses he 'd brought her on their first date remained in a vase on the counter although they 'd started to wilt .
` ` looks like i need to get you new roses . ''
that had n't stopped him from sending her a dozen roses .
looking back at me , he blurted , ` ` pink , romance , and , ugh , i do n't know , roses ? ''
gathering my bouquet from the table by the vanity , i held the beautiful yellow roses in front of me and took one last glance at the reflection .
he holds up the case and the rose .
i take the rose and bring it to my nose .
he just told me to give you the rose and this guitar .
i go inside and immediately see the ginormous bouquet of white roses and the letter beside them on the coffee table .
my mom passes me the bouquet of white roses .
chapter thirty - six i ' m waiting for my bride in the heart of avalon under a grapevine canopy covered with white roses and sheer white fabric .
she passes her bouquet of white roses to addison and i take her hands in mine .
a red rose tree is supposed to have grown where the dragon 's blood was spilled .
the rose is a symbol of love , while the book is a symbol of culture . ''
and then , he would n't give her a rose .
red roses .
bunches and bunches and bunches of perfect , bloodred roses .
` ` besides everything you ' ve done for me , your roses are the best gift i ' ve ever been given . ''
then he simply said , ` ` your book beats my roses any day . ''
among the roses . ''
he rose slowly to a sitting position , his masculinity taking on a harsher , more overwhelming edge among the dreamy softness of a background drenched in red roses .
he did n't need to look at her to know that her eyes were shooting daggers at rose .
gwen spluttered qualifications , shooting reproach at rose , and he aborted her protests with a smile , showing her he was offense - proof , especially by anything coming from her .
after touchdown , fareed got up and took ryan from rose .
she could do nothing but stare after rose , as she walked away with her phone at her ear , and let fareed steer her wherever he wished .
her gaze moved nervously to fareed , who was far enough away not to catch rose 's comments .
she wished with all her heart that she could share her burden with rose , that everything was n't so complicated , so impossible .
` ` i could n't find a reason why she 'd hide her knowledge , but because i do n't believe in inexplicable , yet innocent , behavior , i tried to get more information from rose . ''
` ` that 's what you ' ve been doing with rose ? ''
` ` and i did n't get any of that from rose .
his men had delivered her to fareed 's mansion to collect rose and ryan on her way to the king 's private airstrip .
emad was at the top of the stairs standing between rose and ryan and the men who 'd gone after them , protecting them with his own body , like fareed had done for her minutes ago .
everything blurred before her as he led her to a helipad behind the mansion where a sleek metal monster awaited them with rose and emad already inside .
he buckled her in the passenger seat and took the pilot seat after securing ryan in the back with rose .
how wonderful it must be to possess enough power to walk all over people , rewrite history and come up smelling like roses ! ''
he reached for the coffee table and handed me a bouquet of red roses .
i took a whiff of the roses and savored the fresh fragrance .
i know you 're all for ' finishing what we started ' but roses and a cute card are n't going to cut it . ''
girls probably give him roses and chocolates instead of the other way around .
i turned to him and saw he had a rose in one hand and a box of chocolates in the other .
suddenly feeling uncomfortable with the whole situation , i offered the rose and chocolates back to him .
i brought the rose and chocolates back to my lap .
sighing , i put the box in my bag to share with daniela - no sense in wasting perfectly good chocolate -and left the rose on the bench .
just a few days ago he 'd been baring his soul about his feelings for me , bringing me a rose and chocolate .
picking up one of the dry roses , i popped it into my mouth , where it dissolved into a crunchy , tangy bitterness .
still , i did n't fool myself into thinking we 'd have instant hearts and roses .
` ` do n't just give roses .
the knock on her door made her jump , but when she opened it to dylan 's smiling face and a dozen red roses , she almost yelped in excitement .
chapter fourteen the vase of red roses dylan had brought her a few nights ago sat on michaela 's dresser .
` ` i was planning a whole song and dance routine around this , you know , violins , more roses , champagne , but it seems like we 're never going to do things in an orderly fashion . ''
he handed me the rose and checked out the room .
i also found the perfect flower arrangement for my bouquet , with pale pink dahlias , dark pink roses and white lilies .
spectacular floral arrangements adorned the center of each table ; the scent from the roses filled the room , welcoming the guests as they arrived .
leigh sprinted over to her with a bouquet of roses in her hand .
` ` red roses .
as he headed back to his office he commented , ` ` they look much more tasteful than those awful roses from reid yesterday ; that 's all . ''
i kept shaking my head because i kept smelling the scent of roses .
i looked around the kitchen , trying to figure out where it was coming from , but there were n't any roses to be found .
the wind blew lightly and the faint scent of roses swept across me .
this girl that smelled like roses intrigued me .
i was starting to get hard just looking at her , not to mention that she smelled like roses again .
chapter 29 i opened my eyes and took in the scent of roses that i loved so much on amelia .
i stopped and decided to buy amelia some roses .
while i was looking at the beautiful assortment of roses , my phone buzzed with a text message from amelia .
i told the sales clerk that i wanted two dozen red roses .
the clerk handed me the roses with a smile and i gave her my credit card .
do me a favor and pick up some roses for your mom and then you can drive me home since you sent ralph on an errand . ''
what color roses for mom ? ''
` ` sorry , but i need two dozen roses in a variety of colors . ''
she made up a bouquet of colorful roses and handed them to me .
` ` pick up some pink roses for your sister . ''
` ` i need two dozen pink roses , please . ''
` ` your dad always bought her pink roses .
she handed me the roses and , before i left the store , i dialed my dad .
the corners of her mouth curved up when she saw the roses i was holding .
amelia must have really liked those roses . ''
when i came back to the room , amelia rolled over and looked at me as i stood in the doorway with red roses .
` ` down to the flower shop to get you these , '' i said as i handed her the roses .
she wore her beautiful blonde hair up in cascading curls and carried a bouquet of pink and white roses .
i took the beautiful red roses from him , cut the stems , and arranged them in a vase .
as i carefully ripped the paper from the plant , i gasped when standing before me was a four - foot tree made entirely out of fresh pink and purple roses and white carnations .
` ` did you like the roses ? ''
i want two dozen red roses sent to rory sinclair at my home address . ''
i noticed the vase of red roses were sitting on top of the piano .
` ` thank you so much for the beautiful roses , ian .
floor to ceiling windows overlooking manhattan , glistening white marble floors and three huge bouquets of all white roses sat in sparkling crystal vases spread across the grand living room .
i walked to the dining room table , where a card was perched up on one of the vases that houses at least two dozen roses .
ferruccio felt clarissa slump beneath him , her satin limbs sliding off him like the shedded petals of a rose .
from every arch hung rows of incense burners and flaming torches , against every wall rested miraculous arrangements of white and golden roses among backgrounds of lush foliage .
at their place , he set her on the cushions , sat down beside her and fetched her water and maward - rose essence .
lit candles , crystal glasses , a vase with a conflagration of burgundy and cream roses , linen napkins , silver cutlery and a dozen other accents - all monogrammed with the royal insignia of castaldini - completed the breathtaking arrangement .
the guests rose as one , toasted them with glasses filled with ruby - red sharbaat ward , rose - essence traditional wedding nectar .
the ceremony itself went off perfectly , a carefully choreographed occasion adorned with silver lanterns , church candles , and pink roses set against a natural backdrop of mountains and snow .
he was waiting for them at the end of the easement road , holding a large canvas tote bag in one hand and a small bouquet of red roses fresh from his garden in the other .
as i got closer , i recognized the vintage guns n ' roses riff .
after promising her a dozen roses and a raise from her boss , i hung up and sat on the bed , glaring at the phone as i tried to decide what i would tell sara .
working for magnus gray was n't going to be all sunshine and roses .
i noticed our suitcases in the room and roses strewn all over the bed .
i did n't need a dozen roses , and i could buy myself a diamond necklace , but i could see the value of antonio 's gift .
that store was his dozen roses and box of candy .
and i ' ve always heard the ` ` english rose '' described as the ultimate standard of beauty : delicate frame , pale skin , pink cheeks , and fair curls .
with a grimace he added , ` ` and i 'd be lying to you if i said it 's all a bed of roses , even after five years . ''
to his great satisfaction the scent of the roses was n't overpowering .
when he opened the door to the guest bedroom she was overwhelmed with the sweet scent of roses .
he handed her a single rose .
he probably bought dozens of roses every week for dozens of women .
glad to have something to do with her hands , she found a vase for the rose .
crumpling the rose 's wrapping into a ball and shoving it into the garbage can , she told herself to stay on track .
two twin beds were on opposite walls , a top gun poster beside one of the beds , a guns n ' roses poster over the other .
as if there 's some way i 'll go home today and find connor waiting for me with roses . ''
` ` roses are n't your style .
they 'd brought the champagne and roses that he 'd sent over for their private plane .
he swirled his tongue over the tight bud of rose - colored skin and groaned his pleasure when he moved to lave her other nipple the same way .
` ` a guy was selling roses on the street so i got you some .
ty had even sent her roses on the first valentine 's day after pete 's death with a card that had said , ` ` because pete would have sent these if he could . ''
elec was standing there , one hand in his back pocket , the other holding a hot pink rose that he had clearly snapped off her rose - bush next to the porch steps .
tamara took the rose and said , ` ` thank you .
where she arguably might pass out from lack of sleep , but maybe she 'd land on a bed of roses .
given that this was n't even real , and she was already feeling guilty for essentially duping her friends and family , she really did n't care whether they used peonies versus roses .
i set them down on the island in my kitchen and carefully look through the lilies and roses and blossoms and god knows what f**king else until i find a card .
` ` my grandmother edna grows roses .
` ` it 's ... it 's ... there 's a rat in my roses , '' she screamed loudly .
zoe vividly recalled the moment in her own mother 's garden when he 'd de scribed the prized roses , and decided all hope of keeping the peace , and ryan on their side , was lost .
grandma edna yelled and pointed to the ground just as i m a made her escape from the roses and ran across the lawn , sam in hot pursuit .
in his hands , he held a dozen red roses in a crystal vase so large that it blocked his view .
sloane stepped toward the bed and pulled a pink rose attached to a getwellballoon from behind her back .
my other favorite moment was when marisol took the stage to thank everyone for coming and a voice called out her name , and proceeded to take the stage holding a dozen yellow roses ( her favorite ) as she covered her mouth and started to cry .
lucah said in my ear as mari took the roses from fin and gave him a kiss that made the entire audience clap and cheer .
when the dance is over he gives me his arm and we stroll onto the patio and he spouts magnificent poetry and plucks a rose from the trellis and ... ` ` i do n't need a date .
jaxxon gaped as a vase filled with a display of burgundy - red roses and a black box with a black lacy bow - which she guessed contained chocolates - was set in front of her .
` ` today i got a bunch of red roses and a box of dark chocolates sent to me . ''
next thing you know she 'll have me growing hybrid roses and japanese maples and loving every moment of it .
the smell of roses greets us before we enter the room .
we reach the first of the roses .
` ` on all her breezes borne , earth yields no scents like those ; but he that dares not grasp the thorn should never crave the rose . ''
i look at the roses and their thorns .
i think of the roses and how beautiful they smell and how soft the petals are .
yes there are thorns , but to never smell the rose would be such a crime ... ` ` fine .
ingrid ignores my crass comment and begins a discussion about roses that keeps my father occupied for the remainder of the meal .
it 's not like he 's promising me roses or a second date .
i step into the quiet place , breathing in the smell of new material and roses .
we 're going to go play in the roses .
put me in a rose .
` ` he wants me to put him in a rose , '' i said , walking towards one with bright red flowers .
or did he own a special cyber helmet that made every jerky thing he did look and smell like roses ?
she slowly opened her eyes and then smiled when she found a rose and a note lying on the pillow where blake 's head should have been .
` ` i ca n't get used to this roses and butterflies attitude you now have , '' byron said , but he laughed after .
` ` yeah , she was just eighteen , all roses and kittens , though her little sister was in some sort of coma or something and it was messing with her head .
when i saw the lavender roses , i remembered the day and smiled .
nikki gets it , but compared to her life , mine is roses and candy .
forget the war of the roses , that historic battle was nothing compared to this war of the alphas , and i had a sick feeling that i was the root of the trouble .
a single candle lit the table , and there was an empty bud vase for my rose .
all this incredible sensation that just flowed through me , building and building like roses climbing the wall of a sensual garden . ''
his other hand held tight to a toolbox on top of which he was balancing a bundle of roses .
` ` no , i just like to carry presents and roses whenever i take my tools out .
this is n't about romance and wine and roses and moonlight .
instead , the thin material is spread out like the petals of a rose floating on the gently lapping surface .
he just strides into my office , puts down the bag , then hands me the rose .
it was a small watercolor of desert roses .
i shook my head , but he was n't looking at me , his cheek pressed to one of the yellow rose pillowcases .
lucien reached behind her and set the rose in her lap .
the rose fell away , unheeded .
the vibrant green color did wonderful things for ian 's wife 's rose - gold hair and dark eyes .
he has an act with tigers and disappearing roses . ''
sunshine and roses .
how to grow tulips like monet , climbing roses like monet , even lilies like monet .
a central alley was covered by iron arches , roses climbing over the metal .
michelle handed sutton her bouquet of pink roses , then focused on jack as he clasped hands with her .
i squeezed the stems of the roses in my palm and waited in anticipation .
completely out of the roses i brought with me every night , all he could offer me was a bouquet of wildflowers .
i quickly headed out to my car and threw everything in my arms out in the trash dumpster before racing over to the florist near the club for a dozen roses .
she silently led me down the hall to the foot of the stairs and turned to look at me as i stood there with the bouquet of roses in my hand .
my hand clutching the roses ' stems cramped from how tightly i gripped them .
stretching my arms above my head , i focused my eyes and there on the table near the window stood the biggest bouquet of roses i 'd ever seen in my life .
there had to be fifty long stem roses in the tall glass vase if there was one .
smiling to myself , i saw a note tacked to the large red bow around the roses .
all the good feelings i 'd had about the roses and how things stood with tristan left my body in a huge whoosh until i felt totally empty .
on the table near the window sat a glass vase containing an enormous bouquet of my favorite flowers , pink roses .
propping myself up on my elbow , i wondered aloud , ` ` where did you get dozens of pink roses in the middle of the night ? ''
i guess if you 'd have said no my plan with the roses might have been for nothing , but a man should be prepared . ''
` ` pink roses .
seated in a wheelchair , she wore her black yoga pants and white sweatshirt and had the pink roses i 'd given her that morning in her lap .
i padded over to the desk to smell the enormous bouquet of pink roses that filled the room with the most delicious fragrance .
that i seemed to not be able to remember anything of the last four years was still incredibly depressing , but remembering my love of pink roses was something .
inhaling the sweet scent of roses one last time , i took the card with me and placed it on the night table , reading it once more before i turned out the light .
tristan left roses and cards professing his love , and he was a total stranger .
in my hand , i held my bouquet of pink and white roses straight from our garden .
before i could tell him i could n't wait until everyone had left so i could show him exactly how much i loved him , a waiter wheeled a cart toward us with a towering pink icing wedding cake made from individual cupcakes decorated to look like pink roses .
roses , daisies , and lilies , they made the start of each day wonderful .
no boring roses for my girl , they were n't exotic enough , her lips alone called for more .
maggie was thrilled by the traditional bridal shower with all of her friends in attendance , pretty pink and white or floral wrapped gifts and a beautiful cake covered with frosting roses in maggie 's wedding colors that gabby made herself .
she 'd sometimes go back to the office after her workouts , just so she did n't have to be alone in her cottage , sleep in that bed without damon , imagining his large , masculine body surrounded by her pink , cottage roses and his feet hanging off the mattress .
as she wandered into the bedroom , she found rose petals scattered over the bedspread and a bouquet of roses and box of chocolates sitting next to it .
not with the champagne and roses and rose petals meant for her and another man .
he could faintly detect the scent of roses - so sweet .
her scent - sweet roses - filled his nostrils .
` ` may not be roses , but it 's the thought , '' she murmured to herself with a smile on her lips , grabbing a bottle of water from the fridge and then grabbing the bottle of aspirin .
on the platter was a plate of breakfast , glass of orange juice and a vase with red roses in it .
grabbing the vase of roses she brought them to her nose and inhaled their fragrance .
` ` when did you go get the roses ? ''
putting the roses back on the tray she grabbed the plate he prepared for her and popped a piece of bacon into her mouth .
a soft rose colour touched her cheeks .
it consisted of vintage lilac roses , powder blue hydrangeas , tracheliums , mint green carnations , lisianthus combined with sandriana foliage and peonies .
the lovely english rose had finally grown some thorns and i did n't like it one bit .
i was n't impassioned by the technicality of how to make the quality cut of a rose or how to make sure the newly planted seeds needed this amount of water or how much sunshine it ought to get .
though , most of the time , you tend to be busy with a bed of roses or trimming bushes . ''
the place was surrounded by torches , aglow with fire , while rose - scented floating candles lit the lake that was trimmed with blue led strip lighting .
he did n't have time to stop and smell the roses ( snerk ) with guys who were only stellar in bed and had nothing else to offer .
when i got home wednesday after work , i found two dozen red roses on my doorstep , along with a card that said : sorry i ' ve been so busy .
vodka , triple sec and a little rose 's lime juice .
` ` look , those are the roses , '' she says , pointing them out .
` ` i almost went for roses , '' calder says , leaning down and speaking in my ear as he hands them to me .
it is an especially beautiful bunch - baby 's breath and soft pink tea roses .
people do n't send roses unless they 're trying to get into your pants .
i lean back against the wall beside the window , waiting for her to retrieve the package , when she sets a sparkling vase filled with long - stemmed roses on the counter .
i just stare at the card for a moment before glancing back at the roses .
did i wear a flowery shirt , or smell like roses or something one day ? ''
a few long stemmed pink roses .
he 's clutching a bouquet of flowers , and when he gets closer i see they 're pink roses .
pink roses .
the ring is long gone , unsurprisingly , but the roses remain in place .
` ` pink roses , '' i say .
i called a nearby florist and had them bring over a dozen roses from a secret admirer to rona , blake 's ' assistant .
instead of trying to get the name out of the florist , she threw a fit , shredded the roses in front of him and told him to tell the jerk he could ' sit on the thorns ' .
the streetlights give the city a rose hue .
just as we 're finishing up drying our nails , the door opens and in walks a man , his arms loaded with long stem , red roses .
we say goodbye to kylie who has to pick up max from a playdate , then the delivery guy helps me load the roses into my car and i follow sophie over to her and colton 's house .
spread out across the bench was a satin kimono the color of cherry blossoms - pale pink that gradually morphed into a deep rose at the bottom hem .
between the sexy texts and cute little gifts he had delivered to my office - i ' m not afraid to admit that i ' m a sucker for a bunch of red roses - i was actually feeling rather spoilt .
* * * the black rose was an irish pub in the heart of boston , a few steps away from the famous faneuil hall and quincy market .
it was all roses and rainbows .
i looked down , toying with the rose that poked out of his jacket pocket .
the wild roses ?
numb and weary , she shifted into autopilot as she finished adding in the last of the pink to the rose .
followed by the sweet scent of wild summer roses , the crisp , clean tang of freshly laundered clothes hanging on the line , and an earthy trace of newly mown grass .
her fingers trailed over the slim selection until she reached a shirt the color of burgundy roses , shoved in the very back of his closet .
i doubt your mother has heard of the band guns n ' roses , let alone knows who the lead singer is . ''
the rose is carved out of rose quartz , which is all over wyoming . ''
they were all too hotheaded and stubborn for their working relationship to always be sunshine and roses , but at least that relationship was n't combative day in and day out .
and my high school years were n't a bucket of f**king roses either .
let your kids and your wife see that your working life ai n't all roses and bein ' treated like a hero .
` ` a rose .
anyway , i thought it 'd be romantic , sharing a candlelight four course meal , champagne , roses , chocolate ... '' ` ` but ? ''
the small , two - bedroom apartment i shared with megan for a year , and now with rose , was much cheaper than most apartments , but still expensive .
no one seems to be paying me any attention , though , and there was no rose nearby .
there is no way i am sharing that information with rose .
` ` thanks , i borrowed it from rose .
there is no sign of rose , so i assume she is either staying the night with jake or has stopped somewhere on the way home .
jake , my roommate 's boyfriend , was so angry ; he knew what had happened to me from rose . ''
i am surprised to see a shocked - looking rose and jake standing just outside my bedroom door as lucian carries me past .
uh oh , do i detect a tone of sarcasm in rose 's voice when she answers on the first ring .
i smooth down the material of the simple linen - shift dress i ' ve borrowed from rose and square my shoulders .
when we are led to the same corner table we occupied on our last visit , i am shocked to find rose and jake already sitting on one side .
he 'll be pissed if he finds out i ' ve gone by myself , but if sam mentions it , i 'll just say i met up with rose .
` ` sam , go back inside and have mrs . phillips pull rose 's file and give you her number . ''
after about ten minutes , she moves across the room to speak with rose .
both of our heads twist around to see an angry rose and a swiftly retreating jake .
okay , so maybe i ' m interested for rose , in the name of sisterhood and all that .
` ` i will be good ; i just ca n't guarantee rose will be . ''
her gaze fell to the rose .
grace picked up the rose and smelted its sweet fragrance .
reluctantly , grace withdrew and crossed the room to place the rose on the dresser and open the top drawer .
julian the night he 'd appeared and offered himself to her , julian loving her in the shower , julian comforting her , making her laugh , julian coming through the top of the elevator to save her , and julian lying on the bed with the rose as he watched her find his gifts .
tabitha wore expensive perfumes that overwhelmed his highly developed senses , while this woman smelled of roses and softness .
the smell of woman , smoke , and roses permeated him and he felt a desperate need to bend down , bury his face against her creamy skin , and just inhale her sweet scent .
it was the scent of roses and wood , the clear pale eyes of a woman .
roses and wood smoke .
` ` yes , you are my rose .
or would you be the sheep who has a muzzle with no strap and who eats the rose when he 's not supposed to ?
as he started to pull it on , he caught a whiff of roses .
` ` i ' m here to collect my rose , if she 'll come home with me . ''
and she smelled so good ... like fresh roses and powder .
as he drifted back to sleep , he could almost swear he smelled the faint scent of roses and powder on his skin .
clearing his throat , he did his best to ignore her and the light scent of roses that drifted from her over to him .
she asked as wulf brought the rose forward and brushed its soft petals over the swollen nipple of her right breast .
smelled of powder and roses .
her scent of roses and powder made him drunk .
the two of them fell silent while wulf closed his eyes and let her scent of roses permeate him .
placing her hand in the crook of his arm , ` ` you look lovely tonight , '' he said , then made a single long - stemmed rose appear out of nowhere .
the emcee placed the crown on marla , and the sash , then handed her a dozen roses and directed her toward the runway .
acheron gave a heavy sigh as he began playing ` ` every rose has its thorn . ''
he looked extremely uncomfortable as he held a bouquet of roses and a large box of godiva chocolates .
she offered him a shy smile that made him harden before she bent her head down to smell the roses he 'd brought for her .
as she walked past them , susan noticed a small dark - hunter bow and arrow entwined with a rose tattoo on the small of the woman 's back .
as she drew near , he handed her a bouquet of white roses .
` ` i love roses .
geary kissed his cheek before she handed her roses to tory to take care of .
they were the only part of his body that was soft - like the petals of a rose - and she was ever fascinated by them .
nick parted his coat and pulled out the roses he 'd brought for her .
i ca n't imagine why he 's not bringing you roses and lasses . ''
black roses and vines were etched down the blade that curved ever so slightly .
black roses and bones were entwined and engraved down the steel blade that glowed in the dim light .
the scent of roses clung to her skin .
acheron covered her hand with his before he kissed her palm that tasted like roses and honey .
with a rose .
who 'd sent her a rose and who appeared to know how to read a language no one else could .
she even carried a bouquet of mavyllos - the sacred black roses that had been created by ash 's mother .
a tray holding a bottle of half - empty wine was on the nightstand , where red roses were strewn as if they 'd been tossed down .
black roses bloomed all around in memory and in mourning of the son she could never see .
rather it 's from the little harmless cali demons who were created when she pricked her finger on a rose .
i ' m not exactly sending roses to her either . ''
in the end , it did n't matter that he 'd treated her like royalty and would have sold his soul for a single rose to make her smile .
` ` i want to bathe you in roses . ''
for my rose .
gram rose would never have married someone like that .
he looked down at the stacks of flowers and rosaries that were arranged around the tomb and saw where a small group of black roses were blooming in a tiny patch of earth .
he saw his mother in a garden , surrounded by roses .
papa roach 's ` ` roses on my grave . ''
` ` roses are red , and they say love 's not made to last , but i know i 'll never get enough of that sweet , sweet ass .
the drink had a heady , intoxicating scent , richer and more delicious than roses .
the sun was burning down beyond the horizon now , flooding the sky with blood and roses , turning the edge of the river to liquid gold , softening the ugliness of the urban waste all around them .
the smell of late roses hung in the chilly air like thin perfume .
a trellis crawled up the side of the house ; a single last rose hung on it , drooping browning petals .
he held out the cup , and the smell of blood seemed to waft through the room like the scent of roses through a garden .
after what seemed like an eternity of wandering around what he considered to be an extremely boring party , magnus finally found alec , sitting alone at a table in a corner , behind a spray of artificial white roses .
the trellises of climbing roses , bare in the cold , spider - webbed the stone walls that surrounded the roof , above which simon could see a gleaming view of downtown new york .
it rose behind his house , the sky turning a dark pinkish - rose , the river a strip of steely blue .
alec clutched the sleeve of magnus 's jacket , and the witchlight , held between their bodies , flared up in colors of rose and blue and green .
clary looked up from pondering the question of how a tuberose was different from a regular rose , to see simon looking at her with puzzlement in his brown eyes .
it was wreathed with dangling trellises of roses , thorns still intact , each one perfect and blood - red .
she smelled , as she always did , dizzyingly of roses and blood .
bunches of white roses were piled around the room , scattered at the foot of the queen 's divan , wound through her red hair like a crown .
ice and roses and the queen .
it was surrounded by wreaths of flowers : roses from which no one had cut away the thorns .
the house was lovely : the stones were the color of butter in the spring sunshine , covered in trellises of climbing roses in red and gold and orange .
there was an archway of roses set up at the end of an aisle , on either side of which were rows of wooden benches .
no one will ever be able to tell that someone ate half the roses off . ''
` ` i could eat the other half of the roses , just so it 's even . ''
a chagall - clary 's favorite , all soft roses and blues and greens , incongruous against the apartment 's modernity .
if he had a favorite flower , it was roses , and his mother knew that .
they were roses .
white roses .
white roses were everywhere - on the ends of the pews , bouquets of them in the corners and hanging from the ceiling and placed upon the pedestals at the front .
when i was halfway across the brightly lit room that smelled like roses and the faint metallic scent of spilled blood , he lifted his head .
` ` guns n ' roses ? ''
i did n't know most of the flowers , but i did see roses and lilies everywhere .
it was a red rose , slight bent at the top .
` ` the rose looks familiar to me , '' he said casually , just as he slipped his finger inside her tightness .
` ` it 's the rose from beauty and the beast , '' she admitted .
the rose that wilts and is enchanted ? ''
she glanced out the window , eyeing the trimmed bushes , the roses that were months away from blooming , the colorful early spring daisies that were straining toward the fading sun .
the door opened and the first thing alana saw was a bushel of roses .
her eyes scanned the roses and tiny white flowers as she stood there in a stupor .
sitting down slowly , she stared at the magnificent , beautiful display of roses .
either that or sitting here staring at the roses , wondering if chandler had sent them to her .
several seconds passed as she stared at the back of his head as he went back to paying attention to his phone , then she spun and quickly got her ass back to her office , back to the bushel of roses .
she was still staring at the roses when she heard ruby 's gasp from her open office door .
` ` holy crap , that 's a lot of roses , '' she said , hurrying closer to the desk to inspect them .
her eyes darted back to the roses .
it was him - he 'd sent the roses .
` ` i thought you 'd like to do lunch today , '' he said , strolling up to her desk and the enormous set of roses .
after this weekend and now the roses , she seemed to have lost some brain cells .
he 'd been staring at the roses , but his sharp gaze swung back to her .
he glanced at the roses again , frowning slightly .
at the change of subject to somewhat safer topics , she glanced at the roses .
thoughts of brent king and random roses vanished in an instant .
` ` so you do n't know who the roses were from ? ''
` ` why would this person vandalize my car and my apartment , then send me roses ?
` ` but the roses ?
` ` does the rose mean anything to you ? ''
` ` sounds like the rose does mean something to you . ''
the roses from the creep must ' ve been removed , because they were absent .
` ` yeah , and i ' m going to put it on one of the roses . ''
aimee must have tasted his anger , because she shrank a little , like a weed choked by a bushel of f**king roses .
grant pointed to the large bouquet of pink roses and the wrapped gift beside it .
i turned to study the roses more closely while i waited for maryann to arrive .
` ` thank you so much for the roses and the gift , '' i called out after her .
the roses are for you .
chapter six a text from anya said that two dozen yellow roses were n't necessary .
i stood at the top of the stairs and watched as the decorating crew hauled in white roses by the truck - load .
` ` the princess has ordered roses , i see , '' grant said , amused , as he leaned against the banister and watched the activity below .
` ` we wo n't make you sit on dewayne 's lap , seeing as it 's already full of rose .
sienna smiled at rose .
i only knew because my life was n't roses either and preston felt like he could talk about it with me .
` ` i did n't think roses could bloom this late . ''
it did n't seem real ; more sculpted to perfection - his jawline impeccably defined , his lips tinted a lush shade of rose .
at my feet lay a single white pillar candle , nestled next to a bunch of frozen pale white roses .
as if to fit the farm feel , the walls were covered in floor - to - ceiling wallpaper of dusty - rose and green flowers .
then , he started leaving roses for me every week , with the cash .
the roses that would be waiting for me on the kitchen counter of viktor 's seattle condo , with a card ; the swirl of curiosity and excitement that hit me when i saw them , thinking how lucky i was that i had attracted the attention of such a handsome , successful man .
from behind his back , trent produces a bunch of five pink roses .
must have been roses once , and maybe would be again .
` ` wisteria , roses , all those things growing outside , swamp irises ... '' ` ` yeah , yeah , and then what ! ''
new sheets and coverlets had been laid on the bed ; there were fresh down pillows , and roses in a vase nearby , and several candelabra .
she wore a rose pink gown , and there were pink roses threaded through her long thick braids with pink ribbon .
she wore a rose pink gown , and there were pink roses threaded through her long thick braids with pink ribbon .
he opened the door to admit yet another young man who carried a great flower basket filled with pink roses .
she lifted a rose , which had a rather short stem , no more than eight inches .
now ... '' she lifted a handful of roses from the basket .
beauty 's knees burned from the rough wool of the carpet , yet she went breathlessly on in her search seeing the tiny pink roses everywhere .
she gave a startled cry and rushed back to the queen with the rose as all about her it seemed was the muted laughter of the pages and the queen 's higher laughter .
suddenly as beauty turned and saw yet more roses scattered before her , her sobs went into muffled shrieks and she turned to lady juliana even as the paddle spanked her thighs and her calves , and kissed and kissed those pink satin slippers .
it was hotter , more frenzied than the bridle path at its worst , and as she turned to gather more of the little roses , she felt the queen catch her face in both hands and hold her still so that lady juliana could beat her .
she felt the rose taken from her .
and how the pages must have laughed when a dozen princess had probably played the little gathering game with the roses and done it better .
but why had she picked up the rose , offered it to pretty lady juliana ?
` ` well , tonight ... the rose , the last little pink but ... whey did i pick it up in my teeth and offer it to lady juliana ?
you will suffer much before you know it , but do n't you see that on the bridle path and tonight when you gave the rose to lady juliana you felt the beginnings of it .
she was flooded suddenly with the sensation of kneeling before lady juliana and offering her the rose .
did you not give lady juliana the rose ?
she threw down a handful of small gold balls the size of large purple grapes , and she bid me bring each one to her , just as you were commanded to fetch the roses .
we were in the garden for a long time , the queen walking among her roses as she much enjoys , and driving me along with that rod with the leather phallus at the end of it .
a thick circlet of gold wound round her forehead to hold in place a long rose - colored veil that appeared to float over her dark hair and fall behind her figure like a rose - tinted shadow .
smell of cedar , roses .
and the rose - colored veil hovered about her as if it were a living thing , an aura .
and then the br**sts were free , magnificent br**sts , very firm and high , with ni**les of a dark rose color , and slightly tipped upward .
tessa bent her head as she exited the carriage to avoid crushing any of the roses on camille 's hat .
hands carved of marble reached from the walls , each gripping a scarlet candle , drips of red wax blooming like roses along the sides of the carved marble .
i wrote both niall 's and claude 's names on the envelope , which was real pretty - cream with pink and red roses on the border .
many of the stackhouse women had been ardent gardeners , and they 'd planted roses , daisies , hydrangeas , pear trees ... so many blooming and green things , planted by generations of stackhouse women .
` ` thanks for the beautiful roses , '' he said .
black and white with red roses and green vines : i was proud every time i looked at them .
it was one of the roses on my rosebush , you know the big red one by the garage ? ''
it was festooned with flowers : bluebells and foxgloves and harebells and daffodils , but also with violets and lilies , with tiny crimson dog - roses , pale snowdrops , blue forget - me - nots and a profusion of other flowers dunstan could not name .
` ` tristran opened his eyes : daylight shone through the briar - rose hedge , dappling the grass in gold and green .
then she reached into a small bag , which hung from her side , and produced a rose made of glass , of a red so dark that it was almost black in the flickering firelight .
as she might cradle a babe , she held bouquets of roses swathed in silk .
chin raised and shoulders back , she continued down , but her hands were clenching the roses .
he 'd smelled roses and had seen a bared shoulder - slim and impossibly pale .
suddenly the smell of roses surrounds him .
even now , he 's awash in the smell of roses .
it takes till late the next afternoon before he smells the scent of roses .
when she passed his room 's door , he perceived the change in the air and had learned to search for that faint scent of roses .
searching for the scent of roses , he came to the ballroom .
the interior was filled with fresh - cut roses , starched tablecloths , and obviously expensive furniture .
` ` every thorn has its rose , vampire . ''
he snatched up a bouquet of roses , tossed a twenty to the half - asleep vendor , then traced to daniela .
agitated , he gripped his rose until a thorn pierced his glove and the pain stifled his fidgeting .
he dropped the rose , and she blanched , eyes rising to his bloodied glove .
` ` yes , '' she said , and grace popped out of existence with a burst of inward - falling light and the scent of roses .
his eyes fixed on mine , he pulled his coat and shirt aside to show an hourglass broken by a thorny rose vine .
i bet that put slugs in trent 's roses . ''
` ` roses on your grave .
you think the demons are going to be hearts and roses over that ? ''
the scent of disturbed roses wafted out - one last bid for beauty before the autumn chill pinched the petals free .
my roving eyes returned to find him sitting among the roses .
the scent of roses drifted on a soft breeze .
smelled like fresh , dewy roses .
then , ` ` she tasted like ... roses , '' he admitted , surprising her .
` ` that 's the only thing i can think to compare it to even though i do n't actually know the taste of roses . ''
oh , and he smelled roses and gunpowder in the hallway .
the scent of roses mated with his every cell , his mind clouded with more thoughts of kissing , touching , and he had to force himself back on track .
so maybe dallas could - the scent of roses filled his nose .
` ` arcadian hair laid on the woman 's kitchen counter like a rose .
i like roses . ''
she bent down and hefted another vase , this one stuffed with blood red roses .
` ` thanks , '' i said , taking the roses and setting them behind the orchids .
his movements brought a breeze of clashing scents : excitement , fear , and ... roses ?
why did he smell like roses ?
the scent of roses drifted to my nostrils just before a warm leg pressed against mine , offering me body heat .
concern bathed her , coloring her cheeks the prettiest shade of rose .
the colorful array of flowers painted into her skin : lilies , roses , orchids , and lush emerald leaves were raised in places , he noticed .
her lips were parted , her skin flushed to a deep rose .
her skin was dusted with rose , and her lips were a brilliant scarlet .
her eyes no longer glowed , but her skin was so rosy it was like the petal of a rose .
her cheeks were flushed a lovely rose , and her lips were plump and parted , her every breath shallow and laced with need .
humans often pictured angels as soft , cuddly beings who frolicked in the sunshine , made roses bloom and painted rainbows in the sky .
a subtle hint of rose and bergamot seeping from her skin , that smooth expanse of bronzed cream .
not just because the details she mentioned were typed , scribbled and repeated throughout the pages in the folder - though none of her doctors had believed her - but because he tasted only the rose and bergamot , both fragile , delicate flavors he liked .
her tongue rolled against his , bringing with it the tastes of summer : berries dipped in cream , newly blooming roses and sultry midnights .
one of the most beautiful women he 'd ever seen , she had a silky fall of pale hair , skin a light dusting of rose and eyes as golden as the moonlight outside .
ivy clung to the legs , and a rose bloomed just over the right corner .
at the downfall , he plucked the fullest , brightest roses from the garden and arranged them in a diamond vase ; the action soothed him .
` ` it 's ... it 's ... '' almost as cool as finding the chocolates , novels and roses in her room this morning .
she was a rose .
both weeks , thane had sent her a basket of chocolates , a vase of roses , and a box of books .
his eyes sparked with mischief as he added , ` ` i am a rose , and you are my thorn . ''
they are there to protect the rose , you know . ''
alabaster skin dusted with the sweetest hint of rose .
at second , there was an almost hypnotic quality to him , enhanced by the scent of roses drifting from him .
the fragrance of roses drifted from him .
the closer he came , the more the scent of roses thickened the air .
ashlyn 's cheeks colored again , reminding him of the roses he sometimes spied growing beside the fortress .
lucien walked to the overturned pool table , the scent of roses drifting from him .
the fragrance of roses became stronger as lucien 's eyes glittered menacingly .
any other man who smelled like roses would have made her laugh .
there was an intense rush of heat through her as the addictive flavor of roses and mint bombarded her .
the scent of roses began to drift from him , thickening the air .
the scent of roses thickened the air , almost mesmerizing , beseeching her to do anything and everything he asked .
his gaze was boring into her and that rose - fresh scent was clouding her mind , urging her to relax , to stay where she was and not fight him any longer .
man and dark fever , power and roses .
you can thank me with roses . ''
the heady scent of roses enveloped the room .
the dewy scent of roses suddenly saturated the air , thick and lush and so unexpected in the late - winter night that reyes would have sworn he 'd been transported to a spring meadow .
the scent of roses always drifted from him , insidiously sweet .
they carried the scent of roses and ... old eggs ?
the scent of roses suddenly filled the room .
the fragrance of roses drifted from him , stronger than reyes had ever smelled it .
her cheeks were flushed like a rose , her skin devoid of the makeup she usually wore to dull its shimmer .
subject emits an odor of roses presumed to be linked to his demon .
used to being called ` ` bitch '' and ` ` whore '' by the men here , gwen felt the sweet endearment drift through her mind with the potency of a rose - scented summer breeze .
` ` oh , sweet sunshine and roses , i can absolutely believe i ' m doing this , '' he muttered , releasing her to jerk his necklace from around his neck and stuff the chain into his pocket .
her eyes were glazed with passion , her cheeks flushed a deep rose .
her eyes glittered more gold than gray , as if flames danced through her irises , and her cheeks flushed the color of a rare , exotic rose .
his skin was just as pale with only the faintest hint of rose .
and she smelled of roses , he realized with a jolt , the gentle scent suddenly clinging to his sinuses , very nearly drowning him in a warm sense of peace .
he inhaled , held , held ... smelled an infusion of roses ... released the breath .
the scent of sulfur overpowered the scent of roses , a scarlet mist wafting from her , stinging his nostrils , making his demon whimper like a newborn baby .
was n't that a nice little bouquet of roses ?
a redhead with deeply tanned skin and roses in her cheeks appeared beside him .
afterward , i 'll give the ones i like a rose and the others will have to pack their bags and leave the fortress permanently . ''
with a shaky hand , she reached up and pressed her fingertips into the rose tinting his cheeks .
sienna 's cheeks were flushed a deep rose , her lips soft , swollen and parted , gleaming with his taste .
the roses had faded from her cheeks , making her freckles stark .
the roses had returned to her cheeks , but they were too bright , as if she were suffering with a fever .
a clear vial filled with glittering violet liquid followed the same path as the rose .
sienna tucked the rose behind her ear , forgetting about his weird mood as she tripped her way to the nearest portrait .
lips as plump and dewy as a rose .
hope opened as sweetly as a rose in sunlight , bright and beautiful .
there was no longer any hint of the roses she 'd scented in the motel room .
apparently , when an immortal closed in on death , he began to smell like roses .
she wore the current fashion , an elaborate gown of yellow silk , material twisted along the belled skirt to form a bouquet of roses .
but anyone peering at the canvas with him bent over a zebra - print lounge chair , wearing only a blue feather boa while holding a rose between his teeth , would assume he was ...
the same roses were woven through her dark hair , making her look as if she 'd just stepped from a magical forest .
four i am the rose of sharon , the lily of the valleys .
they were lush and the same color as the roses her mother used to pick every morning and keep in their trailer .
a soft brown rug covered the living room floor , and pictures of roses and lilies covered the walls .
she was like the morning dew on the petals of a rose , fragile , and he must always be careful with her .
the walkers would have gotten away with their crimes , never to be punished , but like rose , they had to return at least once a year .
no more of rose 's english for him .
` ` perhaps that 's why he failed to satisfy his rose , '' grigori said to jasha .
he had n't meant to consume so much last week , but his mind had wandered - about rose , of course - and he 'd thought a second tattoo would look amazing on his other arm .
` ` you 're still seeing your rose . ''
i ' m still seeing my rose . ''
vasili froze them in place with only a thought , swiped the gun from rose , and sheathed it at the back of his waist .
and now , vasili was alone with his rose .
` ` who , '' the older man snapped while trying to glare at rose , ` ` is that ? ''
greer snapped at rose .
he resumed his exploration of rose 's pants , twisting the button , moving the zipper .
to save vasili from losing rose , or because jasha desired one of the princesses for his own and was too shy to say so ?
there , on both of his forearms , were roses .
` ` my rose is still wet . ''
vasili had been terrified of just that , which was why he 'd rushed back to rose , to guard her .
after a panicked , frantic search for rose , grigori had admitted what had transpired .
life 's gon na be nothing but roses for you .
she deserved rainbows and sunshine , roses and chocolate .
i wore a long ivory grecian gown , with thin straps and silver roses sewn into the fabric .
my veil boasted the same silver roses and flowed down my honey - colored curls ( sherridan had styled the thick mass for me , saying it was the least she could do after all the times i 'd blow - dried her hair at fifty paces ) and along my bare , slightly sun - kissed arms .
silver roses .
it is painted with faded pink roses .
everything fucking coming up roses , mate . ''
probably black roses , with long thorns . ''
it looked fancy , but was n't much more to buy than the little pot of tea roses i 'd been considering .
giant vases in almost every corner held fresh - cut roses .
the air smelled like potpourri - earth , roses , grapevines , and ... polo cologne ?
never stops to reflect , smell the roses .
red roses were a world apart from begonias .
he tasted the city on his tongue - hot dogs roasting on the corner , the rose - scented perfume of a woman walking her dog nineteen stories below on the sidewalk , a couple sipping hot chocolate in the park just across the way .
the smell of roses instantly penetrated her nostrils , and she threw back her head .
i do n't think either of them has gotten laid since the original line up of guns and roses were together . ''
after jordan and i got back together , it was n't immediate sunshine and roses .
` ` i have n't been mr . sunshine and roses .
because even though this seemed like a good thing , obviously it had n't turned out all sunshine and roses .
you 'll come up smelling like roses . ''
clay , on the other hand , gets all the sunshine and roses . ''
but i would have been the worst kind of naive if i dusted off my rose colored glasses again .
clay stood at my doorstep wearing dark jeans , a pressed blue collared shirt , black wool coat and holding the largest bouquet of roses i had ever seen .
i took a deep breath and reached out for the roses .
life with clayton reed would never be sunshine and roses .
` ` as long as you 're not getting a rose on your upper arm or mom on your knuckles , i ' m okay with it , '' he had said when i had mentioned the idea .
her cheeks were the perfect shade of rose , emitting waves of heat , drawing me in .
i ask just as the circle shifts to reveal a wall of bloodred roses where my dented , magic - marker - smudged door should be .
turning to the locker , i rip off the rose that 's looped through the handle and throw it at his crotch , smiling when it elicits an undignified gasp .
there are a few snickers as i open my locker and bat away the roses that rain down .
i gently took the rose of her breast in my mouth .
his story peeked above its neckline , the vestige of a distorted rose rising up at the center of his chest .
a rose trampled underfoot .
her eyes stayed fixed on mine as she gradually leaned down , her lips gentle as she pressed them to the rose at the center of my chest .
aly dipped down and kissed the rose again .
` ` it 'll be okay , '' aly whispered frantically , breaking free to kiss the rose at my chest , her fingers digging into my skin , promising again , ` ` it 'll be okay . ''
but he just sat there , staring directly ahead as if he had some sort of detached fascination with the large spray of red roses blanketing the top of the white casket .
each one dropped a rose to the top of helene 's casket and said a last good - bye .
aly followed her mother and father out , took her own rose , and tossed the flower into helene 's open grave .
breaking from the circle of her family , aly made her way back to the basket of single , long - stemmed roses , taking one in her hand .
aly gently laid the rose on his lap and whispered , ` ` i ' m so sorry , jared . ''
but the rose that represented his mother on the center of his chest had always seemed the most profound because it wholly represented his love for her and how much he believed he 'd lost when she died .
i buried my face in his chest , brushed my lips across the rose , breathed him in .
a single rose was pronounced in the middle .
lost in the spray of roses blanketing the shiny casket .
an intricate rose was carved into the marble behind the deep imprint of her name , a reminder of the beauty that had been my mother .
i straddled him and dipped my head down to kiss along the outline of the rose , that piece of him that had died too soon .
i rested my head on his shoulder and trailed my fingertips over the rose imprinted on his chest .
now a long - stemmed rose grew up between the faces , shedding light on the dark , a new birth when he 'd once believed his punishment was death .
curling out from the rose were little spirals of vines .
i did n't want to drop the rose .
as i cleared the windbreak of the house , the morning breeze blew in from the east , sweeping the dewy scent of roses in on its back .
i sat back then and listened to the eulogies given by nathan 's family and friends ; each person passed by his coffin afterward and dropped a rose inside .
` ` he only stepped away from you for two seconds to place a rose into the , er ... and you fell , '' vicki added .
blue roses grow there .
` ` so , you know the applebury reserve is the only place that grows blue roses , right ? ''
i closed them , feeling a tickle down my cheek , and the sweet , vibrant perfume of roses filled the air around me - flavouring my breath with a walk in the garden .
the air smelled murky with rotting leaves under the diluted scent of dead roses , their brown petals blown away in the wind , littering the cobblestone path like confetti .
he stood in the frame of the door , his eyes tracing the raw pine staircase , the archway to the left , and finally falling over a table knocked to its side ; shattered blue pottery lay among twelve rose stems , the red petals crumpled and torn , smudged into the hardwood floors all around his feet .
i will exist as if i were a rose without the grace of rain .
` ` the knight of the rose . ''
as i finally came to stand beside him , he took my hand and smiled down at my bouquet ; a soft , simple piece of completely white roses , with one immaculately blossomed red one set centre .
exhaustion made me flop back down on my pillow , and as my hand fell beside my face , something cool and smooth touched my fingertips , filling my senses with the floral perfume of roses .
he nodded toward the rose .
` ` well , you 're my beautiful rose . ''
he kissed my lips and let the rose fall to the floor .
i looked over at mike , sleeping peacefully , and drew in the sweet pear scent of the rose once more .
i pinched three of the yellow petals from the stem of the rose and held them out over the lip of the window frame ; one for my heart ; one for my soul ; one for eternity .
rolling my eyes , i sunk into a curtsy , obliging mike , and with one step over the threshold of the dance floor , he swept me into his safe , strong arms , and we joined the flow of dancers like a rose petal on the breeze ; never missing a beat .
the emptiness of stolen dreams consumed me , and something died within my soul ; all hope fell away to the darkness of my nightmares - like a rose , falling through eternity to a marbled ground of nowhere - laying lifeless and spoiled with a single drop of crimson on her pretty , white petal .
there were to be no red roses around today .
i walked over and plucked the rose from the mirror , dropping it as soon as my fingers touched the thornless stem .
i shook my head and took a step away from the rose .
leaving the rose on the floor where it fell , i smiled .
` ` and you will always have a special place in my heart , but- '' i placed the locket on the floor over the rose and stood back .
when i turned back to look around my room for the last time - the rose and the locket were gone .
instead , my eyes feasted in the story - book scene of a little girl sitting in a garden full of roses , sharing tea with a man and two expressionless dolls .
i drew a sharp intake of breath when i touched my fingers to the flower , feeling the solid , silky petals of a rose - so real , even its scent , as if we were actually standing right here , face to face , hip to hip , breath to breath .
i looked over at the rose on my nightstand , my heart pounding in my throat , easing when i touched the thornless stem .
and the scent of the rose became the memory jerker to my confusion .
i took morgaine 's hand again and started the path , smiling as daisies , roses and tulips greeted each step - a kaleidoscope canvas of colours .
i twisted my wedding ring around on my finger , imagining david beside me , talking about the strokes and textures that made up the roses and grasses in the stained glass .
they were n't doing any harm - not spoiling prized roses or messing up garden beds .
i finally reached the top of the small hill , and each subject , barely able to contain the applause , laid a path of white roses at my feet .
the white roses stopped below the first step to my throne , but as i made it to the top , saw one red rose on the seat ; i reached out and grabbed it , looking up quickly when i felt its thornless stem .
he had some good combinations of music , but when i came across one titled ' a rose ' and pressed my thumb to it , my world shifted .
` ` a rose ? ''
staff were busy all around the manor ; the gardener was trimming roses , the maids were obviously dressing in their rooms on the ground floor and there were several people at the far end of the manor , carrying boxes , walking up and down the stone steps leading to the kitchen .
` ` evangeline - the rose of winter .
she was born on the first day it snowed that year , with lips red as a rose , and there was never a more loved little girl . ''
my heart fluttered the whole way then as we walked the path of red and white roses at our feet , past the people and the marble columns , down the crimson carpet and took the stairs to the thrones .
` ` they were making garlands of blue paper roses to hang around their necks , ara , '' emily said .
you were nearly a month early , so we all knew you might not survive , but we never imagined we 'd lose rose . ''
` ` those were from rose . ''
i wanted to shake her - just dive into her head and insert all my own experiences and lessons so she 'd wake up and smell the damn roses .
sure , joe jr . does n't know i ' m the crapper , so he thinks my life is roses and rainbows .
the ungers had three faux - grecian birdbaths and a garish assortment of rose - and - blue - tinted lawn balls .
so , when i got home from school and there were a dozen red roses for me on the kitchen table , i tried my best not to be cynical .
not when it amounted to a hundred bucks ' worth of roses and a date in three hours .
( meaning , charlie sent me roses because he loved me . )
stupid roses .
while i put on my flannel pajamas , he moved the roses to the windowsill by the sink , which was nice , actually , because our garbage disposal had gone funky , so they helped cover the smell of old water and rotten vegetables .
i never saw the appeal of the stuffy , fake english rose gardens in this part of town , but now , with the green hedges walling us in and moonlight softly dancing on the pond , it 's the perfect secluded spot .
` ` because it may seem all sunshine and roses , but what happens when you realize it 's not anymore ?
the crumbling mausoleums and gleaming granite headstones marched around them in stiff rows marked with huge displays of roses and wilting lilies .
the ramshackle , three - story victorian sat squarely at the top of the hill , surrounded by an overgrown garden plot that was equal parts wild roses and weeds , and spelled death to any mower that tried to tame it .
' plant thou no roses at my head , nor shady cypress tree . '
uncle auggie 's mansion was in the style of an english country estate , all crumbling red bricks and billowing clouds of white roses .
hallie breathed in the faint scent of roses and felt utterly content .
since it was julio 's day to prune the roses , hallie 's neck ached by the time dakota finally strolled up the garden path , but just the sight of him - black jeans and a v - neck shirt , hair ruffled in windswept curls - made her forget even the minor tendon ache .
inside , the hallway is silent and totally deserted , papered with a tiny rose print .
` ` two hundred guests , a truckload of imported roses , and when i appear at the end of the aisle , you 're off in the vestibule arguing over returns ! ''
alice unscrewed the top and took a cool gulp , wandering to where the french doors were thrown open , filling the kitchen with a gentle breeze and the faint scent of roses .
flora was an artist , after all , and who said she could n't try something other than wild roses and weeping willows from time to time ?
the woman followed her gaze , a small smile settling on her glossy rose lips .
my fringe and some of the looser curls had been swept back off my forehead , pinned by a tiny rose clip on one side of my head .
run from the rose !
i know you had similar problems with rose .
my tongue traced the tips of his fangs , sharp , pointed , slightly curved like the thorns of a rose and he growled longingly ; his carnal desires barely restrained by the little control he could exercise .
but more stunning were the flowers tumbling in chains from the ceiling - roses , black roses with white leaves , strung together and hung from the beams far above the frozen spectacle below .
but more stunning were the flowers tumbling in chains from the ceiling - roses , black roses with white leaves , strung together and hung from the beams far above the frozen spectacle below .
the silence fell again and after a few moments i followed the edge of the pond to where yet more chains of roses fell from the trees , linked like paper - chains .
' these roses are called death 's touch ; they 're lethal to any human or dhampir who touches the petals . '
a maid replaced the black roses in the vases with fresh white lilies , pressing the petals of the withering flowers between the pages of a heavy book she had placed upon the table .
with trembling knees and a lip clenched between her teeth , the girl stepped forward , taking a handful of dirt from a silver bowl and letting it drift onto the roses , and then repeating the gesture twice more as the master of ceremonies called , ` ` earth to earth , ashes to ashes , dust to dust .
the sound of roaring water reached my ears as we continued through a canopy of roses and i was processing what he had said and what i thought he was suggesting .
however , on the right of the card was the shield of the duchy of england , surrounded by banners bearing mottoes and topped with three roses .
if the insignia had been in color , i knew , from left to right they would bloom golden , black , and then a blend of red and white : a withered rose , a death 's touch , and a tudor rose .
it was entirely black and covered in a fine lace decorated with roses that overlapped the strapless top slightly , meaning i did n't have to worry about that part too .
every available surface was covered in gifts , and at their center was an enormous bunch of red roses .
i threw the covers back and padded over in my nightie to the roses , finding two cards hanging over the rim of the vase .
i moved to the next bunch of flowers , these a mix of roses and carnations in muted gold and yellow surrounded by ferns .
i moved to the brightest set of flowers , these a group of tall yellow roses in a clear vase , sent by the duchy of victoria .
by far the largest bunch of flowers were the roses arranged to imitate the duchy of england 's insignia , a mix of red and magically withered golden roses and fake death 's touch - a thoughtful gesture , given the humans in the household .
by far the largest bunch of flowers were the roses arranged to imitate the duchy of england 's insignia , a mix of red and magically withered golden roses and fake death 's touch - a thoughtful gesture , given the humans in the household .
picking it up i could see there were tiny red roses engraved into its wings .
` ` he '' s a sucker for red roses and opera . ''
it might just be the rose - tinted color of love 's glasses , but there was n't a thing about ty he did n't find fascinating , amusing , or smoking hot .
` ` that which we call a rose . ''
i stop shy of an overgrown fountain with roses encircling it like a wreath .
and i 'll need a trio of roses for my corsage .
` ` he said he found them and that he would bring me roses . ''
we had fletch and wesley 's caskets covered in roses , such a deep red , you 'd swear they had the blood of christ in them .
i told mom i 'd want a dress with those black magic roses , and she said be careful what color rose you profess to be your favorite .
he pulls off a dirt road toward a relatively average - looking home with a sprawling green lawn and a neat border of spent roses .
there it is , surrounded by a sea of romantic willow trees and an aisle of bush roses that create white , ethereal clouds leading all the way to the entry .
` ` at best you might squeeze in a few steamy chapters here and there , but how in the hell is that going to translate into a wedding dress and roses ? ''
` ` and there 's not a rose petal around for miles . ''
kenny holds the scent of vanilla and roses .
i never seem to mind the drive because every minute brings me that much closer to seeing my sweet rose - faced cherub .
` ` who the hell shit on your rose parade ? ''
ally smells like a rose , like an entire floral boutique , and i always want to remember her like this .
the willows blow in the thick , humid breeze , and the perfume from the roses fills the air .
` ` did you send me a rose today ? ''
` ` uh ... '' did someone send her a rose today ?
` ` since when are roses silly ? ''
it 's almost tragic that we pass through one struggle only to believe we 're in the clear - that life will be full of sunshine and roses .
for a brief moment we forget that the sun so often hides like a coward in our world - that the roses are laden with knife - sharp thorns .
this is the springtime of our lives where the black magic roses bloom , blood red and dangerous .
under its claw sits a rose with its petals scattered around , crushed by the cruel beast .
just above that , a gilded mirror stretches to the ceiling with a wrought iron vine and roses snaking its way around it - the glass inside filled with brewing smoke .
i dreamed of roses last night .
stop and smell the roses would you ? ''
it 's all coming up roses for me . ''
she says yes , so i pick up two - dozen long stem roses before heading over .
12 the dragon and the rose skyla laken and i sit riveted in history as marshall paints a picture of the salem witch trials , constantly eluding to the fact that just about anyone with supposed ` ` powers '' might have been considered a witch at the time and suffered the same inhuman death as those that perished .
` ` you , my love , are the rose .
the dragon and the rose .
my eyes adjust to the dim light of the lavender moon , and the dappled spots that run along the border of the overgrown fortress come into focus as black roses .
` ` roses , '' i whisper , staggering toward the monolithic tower .
i ' ve been dreaming of roses , seeing petals rain like blood from the sky , but i do n't say anything .
i suck in a quick breath and banish all thoughts of dragons and roses out of my mind .
skyla holds the scent of vanilla roses , if there is such a thing .
i walk past him and stare up at the ornate gilded mirror hanging above the fireplace with its carved roses , its three - inch long thorns spiking out of it .
life will never be a bed of roses . ''
we turn to find laken dressed in some oddball dress comprised of black roses with a train that eats up the forest floor behind her .
his eyes glow a peculiar shade of rose .
the air is scented with a hint of fire and roses as the flames flash over the walls like a reflex .
i glance down at her chest and am shocked as hell to see the unholy rose of terror has sprung back up on her neck .
michelle touches her finger to the rose of horror dangling from her neck .
emma comes up with two bunches of white roses .
gage and i walk hand in hand down to the shoreline with the roses emma gave us .
we watch as the roses skim the water , they ride the surf with their graceful ebb and flow .
` ` we 'll spread out like those roses . ''
` ` the rose , my friend , was a dead give away of your philandering ways . ''
i go over and hug candace messenger 's thin frame , take in the scent from her hair of lilac and roses .
she lets go of the rose and licks her lips like a promise .
a wall of roses leads into a maze of flora and fauna with hedges twice as tall as a man .
of course pierce does n't want to go to juvy over the stupid shit i accidentally did while hopped up on michelle 's rose of terror , but then , really , neither do i. holden pats him on the back as he makes his way into the kitchen .
an archway of white roses , an entire army of ladder - back chairs , each adorned with a pink satin sash , tulle running wild in every direction .
` ` why do n't i walk you back , '' gage picks up the ball of pale roses and tries escorting my mother through the bushes .
he opens his mouth to say something before reaching to the back and pulling out another gilded frame , ornate with pressed roses lining the top and sides .
it 's obvious i never should have suggested she take off the rose of horrors from around her neck .
a giant black rose lays flat against michelle 's swollen chest .
a strange evil looking man hovers over a frightened girl surrounded by black roses .
i would have opened for him like a rose in full bloom , craving the warm tender rays of the sun .
she slides the rose of deadly dreams across the chain on her neck , over and over as though it were an act of sorcery - and the birth of an idea starts to percolate in me .
the sweet scent of mom 's roses dance in the balmy air as the sun warms over my shoulders like a friend i long to know again .
it 's the rose .
i let the blackened rose slip off the chain and into my palm - examine it in a platinum beam of moonlight .
her lips shine as she draws out a pink cellophane smile , and for a second , i consider shoving the rose deep inside her throat right here in front of a thousand people .
i clutch the rose in my hand and head on down .
i land hard and take them all down with me accidentally dislodging the rose from my hand in the process .
i let go of her briefly and dive onto the rose , embedding it into the palm of my hand as i slap down on top of it .
i scrape the rose along the concrete and shove it in my mouth for safekeeping .
she plunges her hand over my face in an effort to stand - sending the rose to the back of my throat .
she made me swallow the rose .
` ` i swallowed the rose you gave michelle . ''
clearly the demonic rose has had its side effects with the family as well .
the rose !
i ' m half expecting the walls to tremble , or the floor to open up and drop me into ezrina 's lair as some after effect of hosting the rose of a thousand demons inside my intestinal track , but nothing .
the rose gleams off her neck like it never skipped a beat .
i bought a dozen white roses with the money i took from mom 's purse and placed them in a vase buried in the ground .
she holds a bouquet of red roses that stand out like a bloodstain .
i step into the shadow of the building and spot ford headed in this direction with a bouquet of gorgeous blood - red roses tucked in his arm .
i bite my lip while drinking in those glorious long - stemmed roses .
it 's taking all my restraint not to gag myself with a couple of those long - stemmed roses .
` ` god knows i ' ve always had a weakness for blood roses .
she marvels at the discarded roses .
the first time was when my grandmother said my sister and i were the roses in the garden of her life .
one night after being office - bound for way too long , ford surprises me and takes me to my mother 's latest art exhibit , theresa eaton at the moca , all her greatest pieces are there - the rose , dinner for two - the rules of love .
a lone vase sits on the table with two - dozen long stem roses spilling out from it like a bloodied waterfall .
~ken i pull the little white card from between the roses , and my thumb snags on a thorn and starts to bleed .
i shake warren and his roses out of my head and take in the rest of the tiny boathouse .
i think warren would have done miles better to have sent two dozen red lobsters instead of roses .
the mccarthy 's hired a decorator to come out and festoon the place with all things americana , not to mention the expensive floral arrangements dripping in the center of each table - white lilies mixed with blood red roses .
rumor has it he has a dozen long stem roses with your name on them . ''
a girl like reese deserves roses all year long .
` ` what are the roses for ? ''
a plethora of flowers sit on each table - white roses with a sprig of asparagus flowers thrown in for color .
he blew my hard - earned foot fondling money on dying roses ?
the gazebo is decked out with enough white roses to outfit every prom in a sixty - mile radius .
a horrible winter had passed , and , now , with roxy in my life , every day is sunshine and roses .
i glance around at the blanket of twinkle lights hanging from the ceiling , the long stem roses in every hue of red adorning the tables .
afterwards , i wait outside the theater with a bouquet of two - dozen bright red roses .
she leans her head on my shoulder , and the roses crush between us .
i hand him the bouquet of flowers we picked up on the way over - a fall arrangement with miniature pumpkins and fat orange leaves woven throughout a dozen yellow roses .
she smelled of lavender and roses .
his inky - black hair has been tamed into a sleek style , and he 's holding a bouquet of red roses in his hands .
` ` when i was young , my dad planted lines and lines of rose of sharon bushes along the property .
when i open the door , a huge bouquet of red roses with pink stargazer lilies greets me , along with mr . feldman from the flower shop .
` ` i decided on the rose of sharon because it means something special to you , and for me because i 'll never go another day in my life without thinking of you when i see these flowers .
dozens of bouquets of roses , in all different shapes , sizes and colors , are covering the porch , the front steps , every surface possible .
there must be fifty dozen roses here , minimum .
dear natalie , there is a rose here for every time i thought of you today .
i grab my phone , which has stayed turned off all day , my new shoes and a gorgeous arrangement of perfect long stemmed red roses with pearls tucked into the petals and go up to my room .
i take them from her , pushing the rose against my nose .
i laugh at her excitement and open my door wider so she can see the dozens of bouquets of roses in the living room .
she eyes my coffee and the rose .
i grin and bury my nose in the rose again .
there is coffee and juice , but what catch my eye are the red roses .
three dozen red roses in three separate bouquets set in even distance down the table .
luke closes the gap between us and hands me a bouquet of red roses .
he picks up the rose and i look up into his joy - filled eyes .
` ` what is it with you and red roses ? ''
i sit up and realize i ' m still clutching the rose .
i jog down the stairs and open the door to find a huge bouquet of red roses staring me in the face .
bouquets of red roses with tiny white pearls tucked in the petals cover every surface .
the resort did a great job getting set up with white chairs , a small arbor with red roses , and candles lit and scattered over the sand , giving the beach a soft glow .
her beautiful dark hair has been curled and pulled into a loose bun behind her left ear with a rose tucked in it .
her dress is long and billowy , with a beaded top and spaghetti straps , and she 's holding a large bouquet of red roses with the pearls inside .
an hour later , there is another knock and mrs . glover comes back into the room carrying a large bouquet of pink roses .
she always sends me pink roses .
he 's let his hair down - yum - and he 's holding a large bouquet of red roses in one hand and a white plastic bag full of food in the other .
i step back and lead him through the house to the kitchen so i can fuss over my lovely roses and put them in water .
there are several bouquets of pink roses throughout the space , on the breakfast bar , on the dining room table , by the sofa .
jill hands me a huge bouquet of flowers , pink roses with calla lilies .
roses , peonies , poppies , calla lilies .
i open the door to find him standing there , freshly showered , with a dozen pink roses , and i melt just a little .
when i turn around , i ' m met with dozens of roses in pink and white , balloons , baby clothes and the softest big , brown teddy bear i ' ve ever seen .
i turn from the mirror where my mom is zipping me into my own dress to admire my daughters in their little ivory dresses with pink sashes and pink roses in their dark hair , both smiling so proudly .
stacy winks at me and clenches her pink - rose bouquet in front of her as she sets off down the yard , and the girls follow , side by side , also clutching small bouquets rather than baskets of petals .
her bedding has small pink roses on it .
i exclaim and immediately bury my nose in the beautiful red roses sitting on my kitchen counter .
she walks away , and suddenly , another girl appears with a rose .
as i try to thank the audience for coming , i ' m interrupted over and over again , until my arms are full of beautiful , fragrant red roses .
not the stereotypical red roses or whatever was available in the grocery store .
the flowers meg chose as her wedding flowers , tiger lilies , roses and calla lilies , serve as centerpieces .
she 'd put on a muted rose - coloured cardigan which had a thin , lilac ribbon embroidered with flowers running one side of the buttons .
i 'll wear black with blood red petticoats and carry red roses and you can wear a tuxedo with one of those crosses at your neck .
outside of what occurred in a church four hours previously , with my rock chicks standing at my side wearing kickass black dresses and carrying bouquets of red roses , that was the most beautiful moment in my life .
following calder and caleb escorting their mother then her string of bridesmaids who wandered the length of the lodge to the dais where callum , ryon , drogan , magnum , joined by calder and caleb , stood , all looking breathtakingly handsome in tuxes , sonia noted the entirety of the space not taken up by wolves was festooned in ivory silk rosettes , bunting and so many calla lilies , lily of the valley and white roses , callum had to have bought every bloom , not only in scotland , but all of europe .
therefore , sonia arlington - mcdonagh beamed as the horns and strings played a masterpiece accompanied by a hundred voices , the air was filled with the scent of lilies and roses , thousands of wolves stood , their eyes watching her progress , their faces wreathed in smiles and she , a queen , walked to the mate the benevolent hand of fate had given her , a man she 'd dreamed of most of her life , her handsome wolf , a king .
a fresh , extraordinary , but understated bouquet of roses at the hostess station .
i also did this because there were three intimately arranged six - seater tables , all with white tablecloths , candles , and exquisite bouquets made of downy - green hydrangea , creamy roses , and spikes of purple iris .
on the arm of her father , holding a massive , fluffy bouquet with what he could see were cream roses , the big flowers from the table decorations last night but in white , and little violets , vi was walking down the aisle .
roses mixed with gerbera daisies tucked into a squat , square glass vase .
on the nightstand next to what was my side of the bed when i was with mike there was a bouquet of roses .
he liked it , maybe better than i liked the roses ( but just barely ) .
i liked that better even than the roses ( but just barely ) .
there was a small , tassel - sided , button - topped footstool in front of it in covered in muted rose velvet .
` ` got that right , baby , '' mike muttered then turned and saw austin , his dark blond headed , dark brown eyed , six year old son wearing a little boy 's tux complete with a yellow rose boutonniere pinned to his lapel wandering in .
it was strewn with yellow roses and kelly green ribbons and streamers , all of which were drifting in the lazy breeze that luckily swept away the humidity and took the burn off the day .
another moment of silence and then colt replied , ` ` you get to the rose , man , it 's unbelievably soft and smells incredibly f**kin ' sweet . ''
there was a huge , flamboyant bouquet of purple flowers - roses mixed with dainty violets - on my welcome mat .
` ` she 'll grow out of it , '' i said this hopefully rather than confidently because kate had been into boy bands until she was around twelve then she 'd switched to real bands but keira was holding on and the bloom did n't seem to be going off the rose .
my mouth filled with saliva when i heard these words , my eyes - shaded by both sunglasses and a big black hat - moving from the shining casket covered in a massive spray of deep red roses to the preacher standing at its side .
there were white tents to either side of the back of lavender house , these and the tables set out in the sun were decorated with bouquets of sprigs of lavender taken from the bushes around the house , white roses and lilies of the valley .
apparently , frey drakkar did not stop and smell the roses .
and , by the gods , i 'd just come to understand you were who you are and i was in love with you so perhaps i had other things on my mind than the fact that your sister is happy , healthy and has decided to change her wedding bouquet from orange blossoms and jasmine to roses and daisies because she thinks the scent of jasmine will clash violently with the blossoms ? ''
but dara and rosa had arranged for me to have a beautiful bouquet made of peach roses and white lilies , tor had arranged for us all to have a delicious wedding breakfast after the ceremony and perdita and the girls went all out on a sumptuous spread ( perdita and the girls obviously being in tor 's inner sanctum since they were there to see us disappear , and they were sworn to secrecy , and thus they knew the important occasion they were preparing for so they went all out ) .
after she bathed , ilsa 's skin smelled of roses , her hair of mint .
i like roses .
she wrapped her pashmina around her shoulders , tucked her bag under her arm , grabbed the wine ( cash had the roses and chocolates , both of which abby bought from two different exclusive shops in clevedon so as not to put mrs . truman in a bad mood that they were trying to pass off rinky - dink hostess gifts ) and put her hand on the latch .
she charged into the room carrying a vase filled with abby 's roses that had been quickly yet artfully arranged .
cash did n't declare his undying love , give her a bouquet of the finest roses , nor did he hand her another velvet box containing expensive jewels .
a huge crystal vase sat near the end of the dining room table and it was filled with stunning red roses with spikes of greenery shooting out between the buds .
he had the ring in his pocket and he had an enormous bouquet of two dozen exquisite white roses in his hand .
he knew about the roses because of patricia .
` ` white roses , '' she said , apropos of nothing .
` ` white roses , she loves them , her favourites .
mrs . k had removed the red roses and in their place was a magnificent display of the white ones douglas had brought home with him .
` ` the room will be littered , their word , not mine , littered with white roses . ''
she carried a bouquet made completely out of perfect white roses .
in its centre was an enormous cut - crystal vase filled with yellow roses .
there were fantastic white cornices and intricate ceiling roses .
a room , done up in plums and roses , tassels and velvets , shelves and spindly tables carrying strange and fascinating objects , it looked like a set right out of a movie .
she paired this with silver , flat capri sandals with a rose at the toe .
i had to borrow lee 's tee because i was wearing my guns ' n ' roses shirt that had rhinestones stitched in and they would snag at the sheets , not to mention it was one of my favorites and i did n't want it to get misshapen while i slept .
tod was holding a pop in one hand with his other arm wrapped around the biggest display of long stemmed red roses i 'd ever seen , at least two dozen of them .
then he was gone , leaving me with the roses .
we were both still staring at the door and i was still holding the roses .
i put the roses down on a side table , i needed to do something normal .
i 'd worn a pair of cut - offs made from a pair of old army - green pants and a black tank top with a thin design of red roses laced with gray and white barbed wire that snaked up my waist , across my torso , over my shoulder and down my back .
i donned my lynyrd skynryd t - shirt , jeans , black woven belt with the big , square , silver buckle stamped with tiny roses and black cowboy boots .
mrs . kumar was clearly a beauty in her day and the bloom was not yet off the rose .
it was n't a roses and champagne compliment but it worked all the same .
he bought me a dozen pink roses , because they 're my favorites , and gave them to me in the car .
on my desk was a beautiful bouquet of the most exquisite pale pink roses .
they all followed me to my desk and we stood staring in silent awe at the roses , such was their magnificence .
he knows pink roses are my favorites . ''
a dozen pink roses especially roses like this , perfect , so pale pink they were blush , every bloom total perfection must have cost some serious cake .
a dozen pink roses especially roses like this , perfect , so pale pink they were blush , every bloom total perfection must have cost some serious cake .
there were just the roses with thin spikes of green shooting out here and there bending around the blooms and a simple , cylindrical vase that was pure class .
` ` well , that 's damned disappointing , '' daisy muttered from beside me as i gently touched a rose .
` ` i told him about nick giving me pink roses on my sixteenth birthday and how they were my favorites .
i kept silent for a few minutes then , knowing i should tell him , needing to tell him and knowing i 'd only have the courage in the dark , i said , ` ` i do n't know if you saw the roses but they were beautiful . ''
she was carrying an enormous bouquet of white peonies and roses and she was , quite simply , glowing .
fifteen minutes ago , he walked in while al y and indy were dueling through guns ' n ' roses 's ` ` paradise city '' , both on advanced ( which meant using al five toy guitar buttons which i found utterly impossible ) .
the bloom had long since gone off the rose .
* * * * * we were playing the rose , a new club in lowry that could hold two hundred and fifty people .
they 're here because there 's usual y free beer in the rose 's dressing room . ''
she 'd had a half dozen bouquets delivered that were the same as indy 's wedding flowers ( pale pink and white gerbera daisies , white roses and pale pink and white peonies ) and these were decorating the room .
it was a skull , wearing an elaborate crown , its grinning teeth clenching a beautiful rose .
the skull and crown were all in black , the petals and stem of the rose , though , were in full , striking color .
although i was no tattoo expert , i had an art degree so i felt safe in saying the rose was exquisite , you could see the artist had taken their time and they were skilled at their craft , it was , quite simply , stunning .
` ` so , what 's the skull with the crown and the rose mean ? ''
` ` and the rose clamped in his teeth ? ''
` ` the rose is you . ''
he had n't had any time to shop ; it was n't like he was going to produce a bouquet of red roses or anything .
maybe the rose did n't mean what i thought it meant .
maybe the rose represented another challenge .
he could have his rose now and he could remember , every time he looked at it , that he won .
it came complete with a torn up black t - shirt with ` ` stella and the blue moon gypsies '' across the br**sts ( so torn , it was falling off one of my shoulders , exposing my thin black bra strap and the two ` ` o 's '' in ` ` moon ' were blue moons ) , a shorter - than - short ( or even decent ) denim mini - skirt with a ragged hem , a wide , black belt with a heavy , oval buckle with a rose stamped on it ( they 'd heard about hector 's tattoo , of course ) and a pair of black motorcycle boots .
i dressed in my lucky jeans , a slimfit , long - sleeved , white t - shirt , the black belt with the rose buckle and motorcycle boots that daisy , roxie , tod and stevie gave me .
instead of calling downstairs and asking hector ( which might be embarrassing ) , i put on a pair of black , low - rider cords , my rose - stamped silver - buckled belt , a wrap - around lilac sweater with bell sleeves that showed some cle**age and my motorcycle boots .
he 'd had the rose tattooed there months ago , within weeks of me moving in .
the sides of her hair were pulled back with teacup ivory roses behind her ears , the back falling in curls .
the other letters had smelled of rose .
fresh roses were always picked for her in the springtime , and he accompanied her to the opera as often as possible .
donkey farted again , this time gifting me with the smell of roses .
if roses smelled like burning flesh .
how was it fair that i came out smelling like roses and he was stuck ?
a splash of rose bloomed in her cheeks then faded .
the word whore was spray - painted across my wall ... and on the table was a dead rose .
i walked numbly towards the nurses station , as each of them stood directly in my path , holding a rose .
every nurse held out a single rose , and i accepted them from each in turn as i passed , still holding onto my sense of numbness .
lisa took the roses from me and placed them in a type of bouquet .
the doctor gently pried me away and handed me five red roses and whispered , ` ` i wish i could take credit . ''
it was all the roses , arranged together in the shape of a heart .
` ` your first lesson in passion ... '' ash pulled her into his arms and whispered against her rose - scented hair .
` ` but her skin ... white as snow , her lips as red as a rose . ''
one with a vision of a girl with skin as white as snow ... and lips as red as a rose ... eyes the color of lilacs .
the ribbon would match her red cape as well as her red roses .
he did not deserve the way she looked , nor the twinkle in her eyes when she pointed to the ribbon in her hair and grabbed the red roses from the basket montmouth held out to her .
` ` can a man help that he enjoys roses ? ''
i- '' ` ` the red of the rose is a lover 's hue , yet my eyes are besotted when i look at you .
` ` yes , well , i would do anything for you , my rose . ''
sweet dreams , my rose . ''
if anything , they announce to the world that you continue to grow more beautiful with time , like a rose coming into full bloom . ''
he truly expected samson to burst his head through the windows covered in roses .
` ` love is extreme , my rose .
isabelle was in a light yellow that brought out her warm features and gwen was in an off - white that set off her red rose lips and dark hair to perfection .
be careful rose , it seems the room is enchanted . ''
am i then a thorn within the rose ? ''
her eyes pooled with unshed tears , but she turned and followed the rose drizzled path until they reached the door , not once responding to his speech .
` ` i did write a sonnet just in case the roses did n't work . ''
` ` tonight , i am still the teacher , and you , my sweet rose , will be the pupil .
the smell of roses drifted around him dancing across the room .
he looked down at her lips , red as a rose , yet paralyzed , her eyes now closed .
stefan was down on one knee , roses in hand .
` ` with lips as red as a rose , eyes as blue as the sea , i find i can not keep myself from wanting thee . ''
only the de langes would come out smelling like roses while everyone else burned in hell .
nadia caldani stood directly under the cast - iron gate , which bent into curves to imitate leaves , roses , and thorns .
i can run by there and pick up a dozen roses .
or - how many roses do you think they might have at any one time ? ''
they braid my hair back and fasten it with pins set with small white enameled roses .
a vase of yellow roses were right beside my bed .
my eyes swept the room , and finally landed on the bedside table , on the roses .
i stared hard at the yellow roses from rachel 's mother instead , then squeezed my eyes shut and searched for a memory , any memory , of that night .
small ceramic roses dripped from the arms of the chandelier my mother had installed , but against the dark walls , it did n't overly feminize the room .
she adjusted a vase filled with bursting white roses on a stone accent table that likely weighed over a thousand pounds .
the garden bloomed with roses , and i bloomed into womanhood .
they were n't overdone and expected , like roses .
when jace had given me roses the night he told me he could n't lose me and that i was more than just sex for him , that he loved me , i had told him that daisies worked better on me .
you always made jokes about me not wanting roses .
i should have let you give me roses .
red roses from del had been placed on my desk in my bedroom , filling the room with the crisp , fresh scent .
one of del 's roses was right in my face , but the tan fingers around the glistening stem did n't belong to my boyfriend .
he lowered the rose .
he laid the rose on his thigh and then folded his arms behind his head .
hide - and - seek invites , a card stuck in roses , a large banner spread across the baseball diamond .
lilies adorned the small round tables ; what looked like garlands of roses decorated the stage under the banner .
pathetic , i know , but love is n't always roses and rainbows and butterflies in your stomach .
and the far wall was made entirely of glass to provide a stunning view of the formal rose gardens .
he instinctively slowed his pace as they neared a shadowed corner of the garden conveniently hidden by a trellis covered in climbing roses .
the rooms were cramped with well - worn furnishings and the garden so small that the handful of roses she had planted threatened to overwhelm it .
standing in the silvered darkness of the garden and surrounded by the pungent aroma of roses , she thought that she must still be dreaming .
or the delicious scent of roses .
the moon is shining , the roses are blooming , and i am an aging spinster who has never been kissed . ''
from their outlandishly expensive french chef to mrs . kingly 's ivory and gold carriage to the imported chinese roses that graced the conservatory , they would accept nothing that was not envied by others in society .
not far from where he walked the light and music spilled from lady gilbert 's town house onto the neatly pruned roses .
sparks flared as he briefly drank of her soft temptation , the scent of roses and warm blood clouding his mind before he was pulling back .
` ` will you trim it with the satin roses you purchased last week ? ''
the lilting , heavily accented voice came without warning , and abruptly turning her head simone watched in utter shock as an old , shabbily dressed gypsy woman moved through the roses and promptly settled herself on the bench .
with a last smile the woman turned and moved swiftly back through the roses until she abruptly vanished behind the high hedge .
instead she forced a casual smile to her lips as she crossed to the breakfast nook where the table was already set , complete with fresh roses from the garden .
with a speed that made her head spin , kata found herself lying flat on the bed , surrounded by the earthy scent of roses and covered by uriel 's hard , naked body .
it had been a beautiful ceremony at viper 's country estate surrounded by hundreds of candles and roses and the sweet scent of freshly baked apple pie floating through the air .
her own childhood had hardly been a bed of roses , but she was beginning to suspect that it was nothing compared to styx 's past .
in fact , if they survived this latest disaster he intended to send a bouquet of roses and a thank - you card to the magnificent siljar .
the vampires had insisted that without the presence of the goddess of light the entire world was doomed to be overrun with evil ... . rubbing his stunted horn , levet wallowed in his misery , blithely unaware of the hint of brimstone that suddenly mixed with the scent of roses in the air .
which explained why he 'd nearly missed the male fairy who was hurrying down the hallway with a tray of food , along with a rose and several leather - bound books .
as expected the fairy hastily shoved the tray into roke 's hands , tumbling over the rose and jostling the stack of books .
it was sally who at last broke the silence as they walked down yet another marble hallway with dark red roses circling the fluted columns .
she had wanted to drop black roses , the phantom 's special , but i had drawn the line and reminded her that as surreal as this was , this was my wedding , not a theater show .
i had seen my father in the front row and he seemed entranced by the whole show , sitting unmoving with a bouquet of roses in his lap .
when i reached her penthouse , i found her inside her greenhouse , lovingly caring for her precious roses , lilies , tulips and orchids .
vivienne appeared serene , though strangely bothered , as she took a whiff of the rose she was holding .
vivienne shook her head as she placed the rose into a crystal vase .
he then took out a white rose that had been tucked in his back pocket .
he approached and handed me the rose .
i wondered what they found so funny until i noticed the look on derek 's face after gavin gave me the rose .
that day , however , i was alone , marveling over the pure white roses that had just begun to reach full bloom .
i plucked a rose , careful not to get pricked by its long , thorny stem .
chapter 43 : derek clad in a glowing white dress , sofia held a bouquet of white roses as she marched across the aisle .
i made my way to my sister 's penthouse and found her inside her greenhouse , amidst her beloved orchids , roses , lilies and tulips .
she was carrying a rose with her .
i wondered where she got the rose , but i thought better not to ask .
` ` a pillow for the rose , anna . ''
she knelt on the ground beside me and laid the rose in front of me .
maybe you can go get some roses . ''
` ` roses ! ''
` ` i like roses ! ''
and whatever that connection was , it had something to do with roses .
` ` we 're going to get roses later .
the stone pathway was lined with white roses from vivienne 's greenhouse .
since our separation , although my heart , mind and body were screaming with despair , i 'd had to find the strength within myself to still smile each day for rose .
if ibrahim says that rose will be safe , then she will be .
i stepped back toward the exit of the hut , forcing the elder to jolt me forward toward rose 's bedroom .
i pushed open the door to the bedroom we had transformed into a nursery for rose .
` ` the way she looked at rose , '' ibrahim whispered .
` ` leave with rose .
wo n't you be proud of your little rose helping us do this one day ... chapter 14 : derek days had passed and sofia had still not returned .
how could you have left rose and corrine ... '' ` ` it 's all right , derek , '' ibrahim said calmly .
` ` will it be safe to have corrine return with rose ? ''
a small smile spread from the corners of ben 's lips across his face as he too extended a hand which brushed against rose 's chin .
we giggled and made our way to the plateau where corrine started conjuring up seats and tents and thousands of white roses .
` ` wake up and smell the roses , cat !
he presented the red one to her as if it were a rose .
i would have brought you some roses , taken you out for a nice dinner somewhere . ''
between the tower , the roses , and the water view , this property always felt close to heaven .
even when she was doing a showing , she could n't resist stopping to smell the roses .
he 'd ordered buckets of roses to be delivered to his hotel room while they were out .
but they only work if the woman you 're with still wants to believe in roses and kisses from pretty men like you . ''
now that they were standing behind a large hedge of roses , she 'd relaxed her grip on his jacket .
he was holding a huge bouquet of roses in his other hand , one she knew her mother was going to go nuts over .
` ` i used to think love was all about the grand gesture , red roses , and sunset serenades .
mary was used to men who practically rented out an orchestral hall and filled it from floor to ceiling with roses to set the stage for declaring themselves to her .
her hair was loose and glossy , her mouth was the same shade of rose as when he 'd kissed her , and her laughter could have easily fueled him through another week of sleepless nights .
` ` i was going to get you roses , but when i saw this , i immediately thought of you . ''
as soon as mary woke , there would not only be dozens of roses waiting for her in every room of the house , but he 'd also have a plate of piping - hot heart - shaped pancakes ready to serve to her in bed .
somehow the roses he 'd ordered had been delivered to the wrong house , and the woman who 'd received them had been so overjoyed that her husband had begged the delivery guy to pretend he 'd brought them to the right house .
the florist promised to bring mary 's roses soon ... that was , if they could locate another supply of them .
` ` roses and heart - shaped pancakes and boat rides are all wonderful , and i love the care and thought that you put into today , but do you want to know what i find really romantic ? ''
she was the kind of woman who deserved roses and candlelight , wooing and soft words .
you know , a dozen roses or standing outside her window while you recite the poetry you wrote about how beautiful she is .
gabe and megan , who were walking up the aisle in front of him , impeded his view of sophie for a few seconds and he had to crane his neck to keep his eye on her as she took her place beside lori beneath the rose covered arches .
still smelling like a rose ? ''
the thing was nearly a full story high , and it was not made of silk : the lilies and roses released a delicate fragrance that reminded her of eddie .
standing around the buckets of plastic - wrapped roses and the squat cacti in their little clay pots and the free - standing pastel hyacinths , she felt as invisible as she was : people were passing by her without looking over , and that somehow made the divide she felt seem all the more devastating .
not in their porcelain or their rose gardens .
there would be roses on her doorstep at nine a.m. she was n't going to be home , however .
and like a rare rose , nobody was allowed to see her until she was properly mated .
the entryway was likewise obstructed by an arch strung with vine roses and the pebbled path that snaked into the interior was barely wide enough for a single person .
all that would do was get him surrounded by warriors - and although he 'd heard that red was the color of love , bloodshed was no proper replacement for a rose .
i opened the door to find trenton , or part of him , because he was hidden behind a vase full of several dozen dark red roses .
` ` let 's just forget about them , '' i said , gesturing dismissively toward the roses , ` ` and have a good time tonight . ''
sasha knew from experience that once she exited the bed , the petals would disappear and her bedroom would be filled with several vases of roses on every available surface of the room .
` ` she likes peonies , and roses , and daffodils . ''
zane 's face bent down to kiss me as he handed me 12 single stem red roses .
` ` the roses are for you , to show you how much i love you . ''
` ` i wish i had some roses to give you , then i could recite shakespeare or make up my own ditty : lucky , let me count the ways that ... '' ` ` you want to eat me , '' i interrupted laughing .
` ` i thought when you told me you loved me , it would be all roses and cupcakes from that point on , but it 's not . ''
leo your soon to be husband and baby daddy to : leo maxwell from : hannah will re : making me cry thank you for the roses and the candy .
` ` is it cliche if i say roses ? ''
` ` red roses are my absolute favorite . ''
` ` no one has ever given me roses before . ''
i 'd love it if someone got me roses . ''
anyone who was listening should have known i would have loved to have received some roses . ''
i settled on sunflowers instead of roses .
with the possible exception of ava , i 'd never met anyone in my life who had the power to make me feel like a weed beside a rose .
inside , dressed in a white gown with roses in her hair , lay ava .
john stood at the edge of the roses , not doing anything to hide his presence .
as she got out of caleb 's car , she could see an arbor with climbing roses to the left .
there were n't any roses growing in the forest surrounding her house .
virgil had made the same trek last night to leave her the rose .
she went to the hose faucet , turned it on and began watering her roses .
the welcome respite of sleep washed over her soon after , but she dreamed of her father 's funeral : the wooden coffin , the overpowering scent of roses , the aging church , the weed - strewn graveyard .
her mother deserved flowers - a bouquet of the red roses that were her favorite , rachel thought .
snatching the rose off her mother 's grave , she shoved it at him .
` ` where would ' e have gotten a fresh rose at this time of year ? ''
she handed the rose to her neighbor because she could no longer bear the sight of it .
a man does n't send a woman roses unless he 's seriously interested .
she wanted to fall asleep with him lying on her shoulder , as he was now , but she had to go take some of the medication she 'd hidden above the fridge , behind an odd assortment of her grandmother 's rose vases and pitchers .
blinking , he shifted his attention from the roses he 'd been contemplating to mack , who 'd gone to pick up some hamburger .
there was , however , a rose and a card on the doorstep where the hospice nurse had left a meal last night - a meal cheyenne had taken in before searching the riverbank but had n't eaten .
as he climbed the steps , his eyes shifted to the rose and card she 'd left on the table .
she 'd just caught sight of the rose and card she 'd carried in from the porch earlier .
she smiled as she fingered the rose he 'd left for her .
she could hear the music , smell the roses but all she could feel was brandon moving inside her .
she had no idea that barker had his hand up the back of rose 's dress even as he smiled so benignly for the camera .
barker wanted to use rose lee , but he did n't want to pay for her anymore .
then he called the florist in corinth and ordered irene a dozen long - stemmed red roses .
stepping stones passed through a rose - covered trellis and went around to the back of the house , and a tree swing that had been there since allie was in high school hung from a giant oak on the side .
and irene was beginning to mention the ` ` beautiful roses . ''
a dozen red roses .
whosyourdaddy : i should ' ve sent you roses ages ago .
it was n't a rose or a character or a butterfly .
` ` really , '' she replied and discovered a dozen roses waiting for her on the doorstep when she returned from the gym .
you should see the roses he left me . ''
only the roses on the dining - room table did n't fall in line with the peach - and - beige decor .
` ` how lovely , '' she said , gesturing at the roses .
for a moment , he stared at her with such undisguised appreciation zoe had to glance at the roses to remind herself that he and tiffany must be getting along well .
it was the smell - a mixture of old furniture , new polish and the scent of roses wafting in from the open door behind her .
` ` a rose , with your late wife 's name . ''
when reenie arrived at school , she found a vase of hand - cut roses on her desk .
he 'd spotted some dead blooms on his roses .
a hydrangea plant was n't like a dozen roses .
plump , fifty - year - old rose hilman , who handled the accounting , had just poked her head into his office .
letting her gaze sweep the room , she took in the white eyelet drapes , the faded roses on the wallpaper and the white finish on the dated furniture .
` ` i would ' ve agreed with you- '' rebecca toyed with the fresh fruit that graced the bowl at her elbow ` ` -but greta lost me when she tried to make roses out of the ends of her toilet paper .
you landed us in this mess and now you 're not happy that there 's no wine and roses ? ''
every other bouquet she 'd received was waiting in the back of jonah 's jeep cherokee - the small teddy bear and single rose from heather , the tiger lilies from her parents , the wheelbarrow plant from hunsacker and finch , the vase of wildflowers from jill and vince , and several dozen red roses from jonah .
embroidered all over with white silk thread , poppies and roses , and there , where it flares out over the hips , a staghorn beetle on a green leaf .
he shows up at the door with a bouquet of roses .
miranda takes the roses from daniel .
apples and pears and roses .
a rose , and red , it made a more striking display than her dainty thorn lily would have .
his fist closed on the dry - dead rose and ground it to a dark red dust .
my voice drifts as josh guides me towards the entrance with the climbing pink roses above the door .
the air is heavy with the perfume of rain - dripped roses .
and your rose - scented perfume .
` ` roses , '' he says .
` ` like roses ? ''
he paints a flemish building with climbing garden roses and a tiled roof , and then a brownstone with ivy window boxes and an american flag .
i ' m covered in garden roses , spinning compasses , falling leaves , desert islands , joshua trees , and intricate geometric patterns .
and before i can correct my mistake , my ex - boyfriend 's name - at least i can say that word now - has been inked onto the front page beside an illustration of a rose .
a rose .
the air is heavy with perfume , from the shy scent of violets and bold bouquet of roses to the subtler scents of vetiver and sandalwood .
we scrub and rinse in silence ; the soap she uses smells of roses .
the mingled scent of rose , civet , cloves , and ambergris hangs heavy in the air , and i feel the beating of a dozen hearts .
` ` then , into this grim existence , a new heart opened up to me , as unexpected and surprising as a rose blooming in the dead of winter .
` ` and a rose . ''
when i sat up there was a single rose sitting on my bed with a note from mason asking me to meet him down on the beach .
he saw my rose and vine tattoos that start right under my sports bra and stretches all the way down my sides , stopping just below the hem of my shorts .
candles and roses are in every room of the house .
and not only that , you sent him a dozen roses , signing the card , it is so refreshing to see that you ' ve grown up to be fat , desperate , and lonely .
woo , v. i told you that it was ridiculous to pay thirty dollars for a dozen roses on valentine 's day .
in my wallet , thirty singles , each with roses printed on it .
it was made of magenta roses .
they 'd painted the living room a warm cream , replacing the rose that my dad complained about for two years .
i 'd put my hair up and pinned the curls in place with silver and crystal hairpins , adorned with lacquered red roses .
from the white roses to the flutes of champagne , the whole room was gorgeous and romantic .
there was a small snafu with the florist , but the roses look good , right ? ''
it was n't fancy , no adorable strawberry roses and hotcakes shaped like hearts , but the smile that bloomed made me feel like i 'd accomplished something awesome .
i sent him flowers to the tattoo shop , a pretty bouquet of roses in red , yellow , and orange that matched the fire tattooed all over him .
affable and laid - back even though his life had been anything but a bed of roses .
my client wanted a massive claddagh heart and entwined hands on her back with a bunch of intricate roses all along the bottom .
i take the printout from rose containing the meetings and phone conferences set for today along with any important messages .
get with rose and we 'll schedule something this week . ''
lila sets her bouquet of roses down and places her hands on her hips .
` ` good morning sunshine , good - bye asshole , '' nova sings and quinton laughs , all smiles and happiness as if they 're sniffing roses and skipping on rainbows .
earlier , when he 'd picked me up , i thought i 'd noticed a piece of gauze sticking out of his shirt , but i 'd stupidly gotten sidetracked by the rose and naked man and had completely forgotten to ask him about it .
i thought about sitting them down and reading it , but your sister would somehow come out of it smelling like roses .
he had a bouquet of fresh roses and had changed his clothes .
you mess up everything and come out smelling like roses . ''
mom always loved yellow roses . ''
the only thing i could grab was the bouquet of roses .
b was running around branch and melissa with a small bouquet of yellow roses .
i did n't want to come out smelling like roses .
a small silver charm shaped like a rose glinted inside .
because in addition to feeling daphne 's emotions , i 'd also gotten a glimpse of carson 's when i 'd fished the rose charm out from behind his desk yesterday .
dark wooden furniture , heavy , antique sofas , large paintings on the walls , crystal vases full of red and black roses .
i was tied to a chair in an opulent living room filled with dark wooden furniture , antique sofas , and crystal vases full of roses .
dark wooden furniture , antique sofas , crystal vases full of black and bloodred roses .
tiny fabric roses lined the top of the strapless dress .
the idea took root , flowered , and exploded into full - bloom roses .
white umbrellas were scattered amid rows of pristine white and yellow roses .
he comes in with guns n ' roses ' ` ` sweet child o ' mine . ''
every aspect of it , from the too relaxed , too nice , too polite , too environmentally conscious locals to the annual rose festival made him want to hurl the heavy victorian inkwell on his desk through the plate glass .
he came in to buy a dozen roses for one of his women .
clare was going to come out of this smelling like a rose .
the roses had been abandoned along with the crumbling ruin of a house years ago .
she reminded owen of the wild roses in his garden .
he had picked up on the close bond between rose and chloe that afternoon .
the rising anxiety in rose 's voice cut deep .
it landed on the grass near rose .
` ` rose thinks someone broke into my office and my apartment last night while she was at a class .
` ` she stuck her head over my garden fence one morning at the beginning of summer and told me that i was handling my roses all wrong . ''
` ` told her i 'd been dealing with roses since before she was born .
she brought me a book on how to grow roses .
mitchell examined the dead rose he had just pulled off a bush .
she had heard about this fantasyland of lush ferns , exotic herbs , and exuberant roses for as long as she could recall .
mitchell looked up from the rose .
` ` your roses look incredible , by the way . ''
but it was n't the glorious blooms of his roses that he saw in his mind now .
they were roses , and in my current getup , i was a daisy .
by now the bloom has worn off the rose .
when roses withered in the vase , carnations still bloomed .
fortunately for you , i did n't let the thorns get in my way when i decided to go after the rose . ''
the bloom is off the rose of consulting work , as far as i ' m concerned .
i was n't thinking in terms of wine and roses and undying love .
what i would like after dinner is another large bottle of rose . ''
chapter nineteen tyler stiffened when the door opened , a basket still half filled with murdered roses in his one hand , and a handful of petals in the other .
i used to sneak into my mother 's closet and slip into silken dresses that smelled like spicy roses and wobble in high heels .
his house would be clean and smell like lemons or , maybe , roses but there would be silence when he walked in .
the air smelled a little like roses and some kind of spice that nipped at my nose .
her rose - scented perfume filled his senses more completely than the evening 's july heat , and he knew he did n't want to let her leave just yet .
candles lit the whole living room , and pink roses filled almost every surface of the dining room table .
roses , tulips , and pansies surrounded her , and she smiled and constrained a squeal of delight .
his hand had been behind his back , but he brought it forward to hold out a bouquet of lavender roses for her .
memorizing every single small detail that she could , from the roses on the ground to the champagne waiting off to the side to the way the moonlight lit his hair .
he remembered the scent of the garden : the soft musk of the roses , the damp coolness of freshly turned earth , the trace of his mother 's perfume and sweat .
to the day of her death , she was always in those roses , kneeling with a shovel in one hand and pruning shears in the other .
` ` and i imagine your mother 's heaven is filled with those roses .
almost like a dragonfly 's wings , or dewdrops on your roses .
cool , dank air , scented with roses , carnations , calendulas , daisies , and baby 's breath wafted across the shop .
graham could n't catch a whiff of roses these days or the strong odor of what she said were asiatic lilies without thinking of misty .
one bunch of roses in her cooler had survived intact .
misty headed for the kitchen and laid the roses on the counter , scarlet heads resting on paper towels .
she asked absently , snipping the last inch or so from the roses ' stems .
misty tore off low - hanging leaves with more force than necessary and stuck the roses into the vase .
she stuck in the last rose , cleaned up the mess , and carried the vase to a table in the hall .
the roses filled the space with bright color and fragrance .
desert flowers could be gorgeous , but these were from a hothouse garden - large puffs of white hyacinths , climbing yellow roses , and red and pink dots of sweet william , mixed with tropical flowers like bird - of - paradise .
misty scanned the shelves , which contained books about everything from scientific studies of rose growing to the meanings of flowers in victorian times .
gather petals of red roses , washed three times , chopped with a fine - bladed knife .
i thought it was just nonsense , but now i ' m willing to give the rose spell a try . ''
misty had harvested petals from two of the roses she 'd brought home from her shop , washing them thoroughly and rolling them dry in a towel .
roses , pansies , carnations , squash blossoms .
gather petals of red roses , washed three times .
or whether the roses had to be fresh cut , or other details like that .
somehow the stupid little spell with the roses and tequila had burned the fae water out of her .
graham 's whisper echoed what he 'd said the night they 'd drunk tequila and roses , looking for a way to end the fae 's spell .
violets , forget - me - nots , yellow roses , and a sprinkle of rosemary , scattered in a swirl .
it seemed a shame to toss the blossoms to the floor , when they would look beautiful arranged in a big vase - small purple blooms of the violets and the vibrant blue of the forget - me - nots against the large yellow roses .
the pungent scent of rosemary mixed with the heady odor of roses as misty worked .
in the blaze of petals and scent - rose , violet , rosemary , forget - me - not - misty reached out and latched her hand around dougal 's wrist .
roses - no surprise - all these spells seem to have roses .
roses - no surprise - all these spells seem to have roses .
` ` i see roses , honeysuckle , and even irises .
the irises did n't fight her as much as the roses had , though the leaves mindlessly tried to drive themselves into her skin .
roses and the wet stamens of honeysuckle , the purple and white streaked petals of iris dropped on him , sticking to his chest and arms , curling around his tatts .
short silvery grass trailed the path on both sides , flanked by a row of low emerald hedges , beyond which flowers bloomed : roses in a dozen shades , their heavy blossoms perfect ; constellation shrubs with bunches of star - shaped flowers in crimson , pink , and white ; yellow knight spears , their delicate flowerets shaped like tiny bells ... she would not be blooming .
being a substitute rose did n't bother her at all .
if eleonore 's stories of rose 's character were true , she either got exasperated and fired the stylist , or more likely , consulted him only on special occasions .
charlotte was looking straight at rose , and she saw the precise moment when the other woman 's world broke to pieces .
roses bloomed on both sides of the path , pink , dark red , and cream , their velvet petals sending a refined perfume into the air .
roses died , rotting at the root .
the weather in austin was usually dry enough and warm enough for her to mix arid climate plants like autumn sage with wetter weather plants like petunias and roses .
deni was straightening up from clipping off a few dead red roses when warmth covered her from behind .
a few roses to deadhead , and then she 'd go whip up a mountain of eggs and a stack of bacon .
if someone else had asked him , jack would ' ve said the school was fine because rose and declan were paying for it , and he did n't want to be ungrateful .
now she wanted to sit on the chair on the balcony and have tea with rose .
` ` nonchalant wo n't work on rose and declan , '' he said .
she repeated , all sunshine and roses .
he sat next to her , and the heavy scent of roses emanating from her almost made him sneeze .
i ' m not covering for you with rose , either . ''
her scent was like warm roses , spicy and strong but not overpowering .
spike closed his fingers around her shoulder , her skin like warm roses .
the scent of roses touched him as he closed his arms around her shaking body .
if they could n't understand the difference between three overbearing scotsmen who smelled of smoke and whiskey , and a lovely young woman scented with of attar of roses , he could n't help them .
the colors were vivid , and a large pitcher on the ground held a bouquet of yellow roses .
the yellow roses shouted mac painted this , even over the casually scrawled mackenzie in the bottom corner .
the elegant china cups and saucers were patterned with sprays of roses , as were the three - tiered trays with the remains of petit fours and profiteroles .
louisa stood in the garden at kilmorgan castle , sunlight on her face , climbing roses around her .
the sepia photo showed the roses as white , but in reality they were very light pink .
but all he could remember was louisa in ivory satin , her smile behind her gauze veil , the sweet - smelling yellow roses in her flame - red hair .
the last thing steven remembered was a card game ... no , a cold london street , someone throwing things ... green eyes , red lips curving into a little smile , and a scent like roses .
deep red roses , heady and intense .
the man 's look turned to a glare - perhaps rose should n't have mentioned the work ; his pride was obviously intact .
steven was disappointed rose had n't delivered them herself , but he 'd probably scared her away , coming out of the bed like that .
nonsense , but when steven looked up at rose , tears stood in her pretty green eyes .
steven moved back to rose , ready to begin his role .
mr . collins took his leave of rose with many expressions of politeness .
steven 's confidence was so great that it reached through her veil of despair and found the rose who 'd been shivering in the dark since charles had died .
he was n't talking about rose .
the young man dragged his gaze from rose , blinked at steven , then snapped to attention .
let us sit here quietly and think about this , my rose .
as warmth swept through rose , answering heat flared in his eyes .
this kiss was insistent and new , and the hot , wild friction of it swept away the rest of rose 's reluctance .
the journalists would believe the first - that rose had killed him by being too eager in the bridegroom 's bed , but steven had no idea what the real story was .
the true rose existed in this cold , dull place , instead of in the fantasy in his head .
steven knew exactly why they 'd imagined that - beautiful , young rose would throw any middle - aged man into palpitations .
but the note in rose 's voice made steven release albert and step away .
steven let go of rose and swung back to albert .
he thought of the warm glow on rose 's face whenever she talked about her husband , and something stabbed at him .
the top of rose 's bodice opened , revealing her br**sts swelling over her corset .
one had a tiny drawing , made by a pencil invented long after the napoleonic period , of a single , full - blown rose .
alice asked as rose straightened her dress and smoothed her hair .
the woman gave rose a look as assessing and curious as the one rose must be giving her .
rose 's own maid came forward and stood deferentially , waiting for rose 's orders .
he agrees the hand - drawn rose is a clue directing you .
he gazed at rose , taking her in , letting the beauty of her soothe him .
steven focused all his attention on rose and no one else in the room .
they shook hands with rose , bowed , made compliments , and directed more teasing remarks at steven .
as they exited the box , steven and beth talking easily again , ian moved in front of rose and stopped , facing her .
the words were simple , yet something caught in rose 's heart .
she looked up , not at rose , but at steven , and her expression was one of chagrin but also relief - vast relief .
mrs . ellis directed the word first at steven then at rose .
miles and his wife stayed for rose 's sake , they 'd let her know early on , and she was grateful to the pair of them .
` ` my mother loved roses . ''
another quick breath from rose , this one lifting her further into his mouth .
the look in rose 's eyes said she was enjoying it too .
he propped the door open , took rose 's arm and steered her inside .
` ` and why would he draw the rose on the back of the sketch ?
the dog whined after steven , but turned and entered the summerhouse with rose .
the idea sat well with rose .
either man could have tried to talk to the other , regardless of rose 's presence .
sittford house had several , which charles had delighted in showing rose .
the dog sniffed the opening , looked up at rose again , then shook himself and plunged inside .
no cries of help from rose trapped inside , no barks of the dog he 'd left with her .
it fell , but he shoved it aside and ran in , calling rose 's name .
at every step , steven dreaded to come across rose , lying incoherent , ill , or worse .
the roses met in the plaster molding above the door , twining together into a heart .
he took rose 's hands in his scratched ones , which he 'd battered in effort to rescue her .
i have always loved you , my rose .
they 'd chosen a light blue , which brought out the flush in rose 's cheeks , the gold of her hair , and the aquamarine flecks in her green eyes .
steven , with rose smiling next to him , revealed that he 'd fallen so hard for his perfect scottish rose that he 'd begged her to marry him , and she 'd done him the honor of accepting .
his leave lasted only until after christmas , and he wanted every second with rose .
` ` that 's my rose . ''
the sparkle in rose 's eyes was eager .
still , he 'd tried with rose .
the joke was on him , because declan left with rose and took the boys with him .
` ` with wine and roses ? ''
he 'd left gaston with rose , who took him to the kitchen .
the kids went one way , the men went the other , and cerise had to sit with rose on the terrace .
but today they were gone , off to rose and declan 's .
magic lashed at rose .
she picked up the tiny plastic teakettle with little pink roses on the side and held it over mr . brosnan 's cup .
this is stupid , rose told herself .
envy bit at rose .
` ` is he going to kill rose ? ''
` ` i promise you i 'll take care of rose , '' declan said .
still , the anxiety ate at rose .
in a rush rose had forgotten to make a lunch , and she had no money .
emerson 's voice ricocheted from the walls of his small office , filling rose 's head with ringing .
rose cursed at the wheelbarrow , gritted her teeth , and forced it through the trellis shrouded in tiny pink roses into her grandmother 's yard .
` ` i heard you lost your job , '' she said the second rose stepped into the kitchen .
grandma eleonore snapped a small ziplock bag open and dropped a sliver of the beast 's flesh into the center of the rose .
the stench nipped at the inside of rose 's nostrils .
chapter 12 jack sauntered into the house , following rose and georgie .
his bullet - shaped head was shaved bald , and his small gun gray eyes were the very definition of unfriendly as he stared at rose 's truck through his store 's front window .
she did n't want to destroy their fragile faith in the only cool guy they knew , and she definitely did n't want this situation to turn into ` ` big bad rose drove the super - cool declan away . ''
the more rose talked , the more the corners of grandma 's mouth sagged .
he had arrived under the pretense of courting rose , promised her the security and acceptance she so desperately wanted , and nearly won , if not her heart , then at least her mind .
he ran away from his own children in the middle of the night , once again abandoning the boys to rose 's care . ''
something bumped rose 's elbow , and she jumped .
the tiny hairs on the back of rose 's neck stood on their ends .
like the time you stopped your grandfather from attacking rose . ''
chad had arrived with two dozen blood - red roses in one hand and a bottle of expensive vodka in another .
nicole stood serenely at the altar in her slim ivory satin gown , iona holding her bouquet of pink roses as tyler and nicole exchanged rings .
the bouquet of roses and baby 's breath flew up into the air , tumbled end over end , ribbons streaming , and landed right in iona 's hands .
nell was in her kitchen making coffee , wearing a big pink bathrobe embroidered with darker pink hearts twined with roses .
red gerbera daisies and white roses , woven with a red ribbon .
the garland of daisies and roses had fallen halfway over one blue eye .
` ` i thought white roses and baby 's breath , since it was a moon ceremony . ''
the muted colors were elegantly cool , with isabella 's hair and a sprig of bright yellow roses the only vivid colors .
sally always vowed she 'd take the girl to a cottage somewhere and they 'd raise roses and some nonsense .
isabella bade evans dress her in a new ball gown of blue satin moire with yellow silk roses across her bodice and train .
mac 's gaze swept over her off - the - shoulder bodice and rested on the yellow roses at her decolletage .
isabella had favored yellow roses since he 'd painted her with them the second day they were married .
` ` i like that you still wear attar of roses . ''
` ` i am fond of roses , '' she said faintly .
those and a yellow bud in a slim vase - mac painted yellow roses into all pictures of isabella .
` ` you still wear yellow roses for me , '' he said into her skin .
isabella 's hat was trimmed with a swirl of ostrich feathers and yellow roses .
one painting showed her face , neck , and hint of bosom , her hair piled high and laced with yellow roses , as it had been the night of lord abercrombie 's ball .
a bowl of bright yellow roses stood on the table next to it .
isabella touched the blossoms , noting that the bouquet was small and tasteful - yellow roses , violets , and baby 's breath .
i heard you liked yellow roses .
her skin smelled of roses .
a jar of yellow roses appeared in each painting , either in full bloom , or drooping with petals falling .
he 'd never see her bend over him , her red hair falling to tickle his face , never see her green eyes flash in anger , never smell the attar of roses that clung to her skin .
his senses drifted , and he was dancing with her again at lord abercrombie 's ball , when she 'd been dressed in the blue satin ball gown with yellow roses in her hair .
he felt a silken touch on his skin , smelled the faint odor of roses .
a bowl of yellow hothouse roses rested on a table next to her , a mix of rosebuds , full - blown flowers , and those that had already started dropping petals .
pink roses drooped through her hair and down the gown 's train .
the roses in her hair were real , the scent of them deepened by her own warmth .
the scent of her mingling with roses , the feel of her in the curve of his arm , the tickle of her fair hair against his chin awoke emotions he 'd thought long dead .
cam smelled her readiness faintly behind the roses and knew that if he took her , he 'd find her slick and open for him .
the smell of the roses on her bosom came to him , and the sweet scent of herself , and cameron realized he still wanted her .
in mackenzie plaid , her red hair twined with roses , isabella swayed in the circle .
in whatever city they happened to be in , he 'd leave a hothouse flower - usually a rose - lying in the corner of a garden where it would not be seen by the casual passerby .
eleanor realized , of course , that he must have sent someone , an errand boy perhaps , to leave the rose for her , but it had never failed to melt her heart .
he would come to her at glenarden and lie with his head on her lap amidst the summer roses , and pour out his heart .
to this day , when eleanor smelled red roses , she felt the smooth pressure of his lips on hers , remembered the dark taste of his mouth .
fashion this year seemed to dictate that the female of the species should strap long shelves to their backsides and fill them with giant bows and large velvet roses .
no english roses for hart mackenzie .
the skirt caught in a gentle pouf over the bustle , with roses , both silk and real , adorning it .
she thought of its froths of lace and roses , and felt a pang of loss .
the giant vase that always stood on the hall table today was filled with pink roses and lily of the valley .
she smelled of roses , and her flesh beneath the fabric was warm .
while juliana sat waiting , resplendent in satin and yellow roses , various friends and family members were dispatched through rainy edinburgh to find out what was the matter .
her dark red hair was tumbling down , one of the yellow roses ainsley had tied into it falling to her lap .
to be awakened by the delicious weight of juliana in her satin and tulle , the scent of roses , the sound of her voice .
ainsley had retied the roses in juliana 's hair , and juliana 's wedding finery cascaded across the plain floor of the church .
he 'd recalled he exact shape and touch of her lips from that brief kiss , the scent of her rose - soft breath .
a new scent swirled around me , a heavy fragrance - rose , patchouli , and coriander - an expensive perfume .
he pushed her against a wall - the wallpaper a pleasant cornflower blue with sprigs of white roses on it .
the shape and size of the little climbing roses fixed in violet 's mind , the loops of the vines becoming a mesmerizing pattern .
she was still dressed , on her feet , her head against the wall with its cornflower blue wallpaper and too many white roses .
violet let out a cry but stifled it as they landed in a rose garden , the roses pruned back for january .
the entire house streamed with white ribbons , lily of the valley , pink and white roses , and blue forget - me - nots .
she wore a veil , sheer gauze suspended from a crown of roses and forget - me - nots .
he wore a pleased - with - himself look now that he 'd found his rose , only last month that had been .
in shapeshifter terms that was like delivering three dozen red roses with a tag that read i love you .
it was a small rose .
` ` you 're giving me a rose ? ''
yellow roses were my favorite .
i sniffed the rose and walked toward my car .
i crossed my arms , the rose still in my hand .
i narrowed my eyes on him , not taking the rose .
he wiggled the rose .
looking down at the rose in my hand , i tucked it into the bag as an afterthought .
i had n't even realized that people dyed roses all these crazy colors until recently .
i tugged on my hair , looking at the half - dozen roses scattered across my bed .
she reached in and pulled out a yellow rose .
my old life might not have been all champagne and roses , but no one had the right to rip me away from it without my consent .
thought that he 'd always intended a bed for her , roses and wine - not the front seat of his truck .
it was n't the ballroom 's new look that took my breath away , though the aisle formed from towering pillars of white roses and the massive antique chandeliers ablaze with hundreds of candles had transformed the room into a gothic dreamscape .
such an ignoble item , yet its presence was like being surprised with a room full of roses .
her hair appeared darker while wet , and her complexion was roses and cream .
she knew he would ' ve appreciated those more than the lilacs , tulips , and roses .
he was gripping a bouquet of roses in his casted hand and something else behind his back .
he hardly glanced at the rose on his way out the garage door .
besides , i adored the scent of roses : perfume and dirt .
another rose lay atop the woodpile .
she took the roses from me without comment and shoved me into the showroom , where a small crowd of people in shorts and flip - flops milled between the displays .
where he 'd stood , a rose protruded from behind a liquid force on the wall .
i was n't running back to him when he left me six roses .
in the late morning , as i manned the cash register ( after pulling out the rose inside ) , dad and frances came in .
she took a long whiff of the roses .
i was n't running back to him when he left me nine roses .
then turned right back around , smacked into tammy , stepped inside , and took the roses mrs . vader held out to me wrapped in a paper towel .
i almost dropped my beautiful roses to avoid further contact with nastiness .
and he held a rose between his teeth .
i maneuvered down the hill through the crowd , using the roses to clear the way in front of me .
` ` i need to tell you a couple of things , '' i said , hugging the roses to my chest and putting my other arm around her .
he stood in the bow , one arm cradling a bouquet of roses - a funny contrast , this muscular football player carrying pink flowers .
i ' m not running back to you when you leave me a dozen roses . ''
` ` let tammy hold your roses so they do n't go bald in the wind . ''
i held out my arms for the extra roses from adam and inhaled one last long sniff before handing off the whole huge bouquet to tammy .
the second bouquet was two dozen red roses .
` ` i need a rose between my teeth , or some castanets .
the sky had deepened to rose now , and he might have been worried about a car creaming him without ever seeing him in the dark , except that there was nobody out here to run him downonly the boss , and the people who worked on the farm , most of whom had gone home for the night already , or lived here like his dad in an ancient house built back when it was acceptable for workers to live on their employers land .
i ' m sorry , '' i mumbled as the smell of roses invaded my senses .
` ` the first day when you bumped into me you smelled like roses .
i blinked , and mumbled stupidly , ` ` you smelled like roses , too .
i quickly rubbed hotel shampoo that smelled like roses into my hair , feeling the dirt and grime wash away down my body .
i smelled roses even in my dreams .
lisa had changed into a long rose pink gown .
` ` your skin is softer than the petals of a rose , your hair is like silk in my hands . ''
a vase , overflowing with roses , stood in the center of the dresser .
beautiful roses , hundreds and hundreds of them .
he had watched her and hated her , hated the soft glow in her eyes and the smoothness of her skin , the smile that curved her lips as she paused to admire his roses .
because she liked flowers , the rooms were filled with them - fragrant roses from the gardens , wildflowers and lacy ferns from the woods .
her cheeks were the color of ripe peaches , her lips as pink as the petals of the roses she loved , her hair the color of sun - ripened wheat .
she blinked up at him , her eyes wide , her cheeks as pink as the roses that grew in profusion all around them .
how did one associate love and beauty and the colors of roses with a man who stalked the shadows of the night , preying upon the lives of others ?
roses , violets , lavender , vervain , and rosemary were used in love potions .
red accent pieces offered the only touch of color- a vase of blood red roses on the mantel , a couple of red throw pillows , a bird carved from a piece of red glass .
a small vase held three red roses .
a small black rose was tattooed on her left shoulder .
he appeared at seven sharp , with a heart - shaped box of candy in one hand and a bouquet of yellow roses in the other .
a crystal vase held a bouquet of long - stemmed white roses ; a basket of fruit sat on the dresser .
i had no sooner opened for business when a delivery man brought me two dozen long - stemmed red roses .
the scent of roses filled the air , music played ever so softly in the background , or maybe it was all in my mind .
i picked up the bouquet rafe had given me , a single red rose surrounded by a froth of white roses and baby 's breath , and followed susie out of the room .
i picked up the bouquet rafe had given me , a single red rose surrounded by a froth of white roses and baby 's breath , and followed susie out of the room .
there were bouquets of roses and daisies everywhere .
savanah blinked back her tears as she stared at the bronze casket covered by a blanket of red and white roses .
he had given her a bouquet of red roses , spread a furry blanket on the floor in front of the fire .
she could plant some red roses on either side of the front porch , and maybe some daisies along the fence .
dropping to one knee , she placed a dozen long - stemmed pink roses on the grave .
everyone knew red roses meant love .
the rose allowed me to track her within energo .
was it not fate , whose name is also sorrow , that bade me pause before that garden - gate , to breathe the incense of those slumbering roses ?
chapter twenty - one carly finding a florist able to fill the last minute request for twelve dozen roses took some work .
he helped me load all one hundred and forty - four roses into the backseat .
` ` i ' ve got twelve dozen roses cooking in the car , i need to get changed fast . ''
` ` i ' m going to go around back with these roses .
it went hand in hand with the roses macon had set up .
the top of the bar was covered with red roses , and in the center was a large plate of chocolate covered strawberries .
the colors of the flowers were amazing , especially the roses , but i shot in black and white .
the dishes i use at the apartment have a border of yellow roses .
` ` i would n't call them roses , '' i said doubtfully .
` ` you 're like a rose blooming in an untended garden , my dear . ''
like the roses , it bloomed every season .
i 'd picked roses on ice .
i plodded through work the rest of the night , glad to the very ends of my roses on ice toenails when i headed out the back door .
we were all in our party best , of course , and halleigh looked very cute and young in her light blue pantsuit with pink roses splashed on the jacket .
she had a tattoo on her lower back , some black vines in a vee pattern with a couple of roses with green leaves in the middle .
things were coming up roses for the queen of louisiana , and i tried not to be bitter .
and the belle rive roses were blooming , even in october .
octavia had been trimming the dead heads off the roses .
i 'd cut a rose to lay on my grandmother 's grave .
` ` eventually , the bloom went off the rose , '' judith said .
ms . emerson catches my eye as she walks onto the stage , looking as stoic as ever , and hands me a bouquet of long - stemmed pink roses .
her instructor walks out with a huge bouquet of roses and hands them to her as she takes her final curtsey before the curtain drops , taking her away from me .
spotting a vase full of pink roses , i ask , ` ` who are those from ? ''
we may not have a fairytale meeting , and we may not always have sunshine and roses , but what we do have is a raw love that is honest and true .
finally closing my mouth , i hold up the large bouquet of red roses i bought for her .
holding the roses in one hand , she trails the other down the lapel of my charcoal gray suit , over my stomach , and cups my junk in her hand .
she passes her bouquet of white daisies and roses to delores .
the center of the yard has been turned into a dance floor with tables set up along the edge , each with a large centerpiece in the middle made out of large glass bowls with candles floating in them and stones at the bottom that match the forget - me - nots and white roses i carried in my bouquet .
` ` i told the priestess that i would have a rose and a summer - sky and a purple dusk and an opal and a green as my birthright , but she said i could only have one , and i knew that was n't right because the lady had shown me this jewel and said it used to be hers but now it would be mine .
you were a drop of power away from breaking your rose jewel .
you still wear the rose .
` ` the rose has come back to us , '' yairen said , smiling .
* the rose will be safe here among us .
she wears a stronger jewel than the rose , but i do not think she is as skilled in her craft - or as caring of the people . ''
they show great respect for the rose . ''
` ` warlord princes who have gone to the rose 's village have been impressed by the work being done , and by the feel of the village .
there is no sign that the rose intends to leave .
` ` there was some ... strangeness ... about the way the rose departed from grayhaven and ended up with the shaladorans .
` ` the rose has brought a young shaladoran queen into her court for training .
and there is real affection between the girl and the rose . ''
` ` in the rose , ranon has found a queen for his people .
especially because she was wearing one of his white silk shirts over a pair of slim black trousers - and her feet were deliciously bare , revealing toenails painted an enticing rose color .
as he helped her ease down to sit on the stone , he noticed the rose jewel she wore .
he could think of one reason why she was wearing the rose instead of her purple dusk , and he did n't like it .
is n't that why you 're wearing the rose ? ''
it was a double strand of white and yellow gold set with precious and semiprecious gems that matched the colors of the jewels from the rose to the black .
but he tried to touch one of the roses just to be sure itwas an illusion .
` ` well , if the spells lasted a while , people could decorate a room with one of these illusions and have a potted rosebush in a room that would n't support a real plant ... or even have roses in a climate that would n't be suitable for real ones . ''
` ` i could n't reproduce the spell using an equivalent amount of power that should have matched the rose , purple dusk , and green that jaenelle used .
lucivar , taking his place , rolling witch in the rose web as they smashed through it .
* i 'll go up to the rose .
then , in its depths , he saw glints of rose , summer - sky , and opal .
surreal took rose 's hand .
surreal looked at the building , then at rose .
the pine table was empty except for a small azure vase holding three red roses .
her daughter , leland , wears the rose and is married to a yellow - jeweled warlord named robert benedict .
after a moment , jaenelle began to sing a death song in the old tongue , not the angry dirge she 'd sung for rose , but a gentle witchsong of grief and love .
now we just need to get jack figured out and my world will be all roses and f**king fairy tales . ''
twenty jack was back , but all was not roses and tidy strings neatly tied up .
` ` every rose has its corn ! ''
every rose has its corn ... funny .
it was a sweet moment , more telling than a dozen red roses or a box of chocolates or anything else he could have done .
and i went back to my stir - fry and to my glass of perfectly chilled rose , and enjoyed them with a side of wonderful options .
not roses .
rose wallpaper , rose carpet - if there was a surface i could stick a rose onto , i did it .
the quaintness overwhelmed me once more , the cottages flush with shrub roses and hollyhocks , trellises covered with flowering vines and saturated with fat bumblebees zinging this way and that .
i asked , pulling a browned petal from the vase of coral tinged roses next to where she was resting her cashmere - clad bum .
sophia , did you get a look at those roses by the altar ?
as he fiddled with the lock i glanced around , noting the orange trees , the honeysuckle vines , the shrub roses .
i inspected and removed three petals from the roses in the vase , goldenrod shot through with the palest of pink .
today i had chosen hybrid tea roses of a beautiful coral color , the tips tinged raspberry .
i could n't make out what they were saying , but suddenly guns n ' roses came blaring through the walls loud enough to make sophia and mimi stop what they were doing .
listening to the guns n ' roses ? ''
` ` roses ? ''
i 'd thought about making a quick version of paella when i saw all the wonderful seafood on sale at the local market , and when i saw their special on spanish rose and cava , my plans came together .
` ` wine it is , '' he snorted , selecting a bottle of rose from the generously stocked wine fridge .
` ` you 're not gon na make me pose with a rose in my teeth , are you ? ''
` ` do you have a rose ? ''
we 'd finished a lovely bottle of rose and were now lazily sipping tiny glasses of ponche caballero , a spanish brandy with hints of orange and cinnamon .
i hear the lock in the door rattle and brax walks in , carrying a bouquet of white roses with a big smile on his face .
standing up to greet him , i ' m shocked when he hands me a bouquet of red roses .
and this week , a single pink rose has been delivered to me at the salon with a different message attached to them .
i swear to god , i totally understand why women in the fifties were told to get up half an hour before their husbands to do their hair and put their make up on because let 's be honest , i do n't know one woman who has ever woken up feeling like sunshine and roses like you see in those tampon commercials .
he rolled me atop him , plucked a rose petal from my hair , then pulled my mouth to his and kissed me again .
even the wallpaper was dotted with cabbage - sized roses .
i 'd still been in costume - leotard , tutu , pointe shoes and tights - and the photographer caught him in the middle of handing over a paper - wrapped bouquet of white roses .
there was a snowfall of knickknacks on the ground - kittens and porcelain roses and other items purchased by mal 's aunt on one of her television shopping network sprees .
a canopy bed sat across the room , its round , fluted columns wrapped in flowering vines that perfumed the air with the scents of gardenias and roses .
he smiled gently at rose and elena .
they were white roses just past full bloom , their flowers limp and beginning to brown , the stems emitting the faint aroma of decay .
i put the vase on the table again , picked up the remaining bunch of roses , and followed her into the kitchen , where we dumped the mess into one of margot 's large trash cans .
heady summer roses .
sure , i 'd occasionally been given tired roses in a green vase , or a heart - shaped box of mediocre chocolates .
not because of pink roses or nougat - filled chocolates , but because of us .
the room smelled faintly of dust and the rose - scented perfume i liked to wear in colder months .
panic began to bloom like dark roses .
when the weather was warm enough , he 'd plant climbing roses to grow up and over it .
yeah , when we first started dating , when things were good , he sometimes brought me a rose , and we went out on a couple dates , just the two of us .
i certainly was all for women 's equality , but there was something wonderful ( to me ) about having children and watching them grow , about having a home that i loved where i could water my roses and bake cookies in the kitchen .
he even had roses .
the last time blake brought me roses was almost a year ago , on his way home from some business trip .
they probably spent more time in his hotel room than working , and those stupid roses were his way of trying to make it up to me .
` ` happy birthday , '' he said as i brought the rose to my nose and inhaled its floral scent .
` ` but i already have this , '' i said , picking up the rose again and holding it against me .
sam nodded and i followed him from the room , taking my rose with me , smiling .
sam ushered me back so that a few others could come forward and toss a rose , paying their final respects .
` ` roses .
there was also a huge white cake adorned with iced roses in all shades of red .
this was n't some movie like pretty woman where the rich guy comes riding up in his limo with roses and begs the girl to take him back after he acted like an idiot .
two female vampires levitated , carrying baskets of single red roses to sell to the guests .
he frowned slightly , then handed her the rose .
setting the rose aside when the gondola made the ninety - degree turn , she held her breath .
there was a vase with at least two dozen long - stemmed peach - colored roses in it .
* * * julianna dipped down and smelled the roses owen stannett had sent her .
she fingered the soft petals of the roses and pondered her present conundrum .
his breathing was still pretty uneven , especially since even at this distance he could smell her rose scent , rich red roses .
he smelled roses and what do you know , he was smiling .
he felt the future crowding him as he had never felt it before , holding his woman in his arms , smelling her rich red - rose scent , until he ached , body and soul .
` ` you smell like roses . ''
but he smelled a rush of rose so strong that he threw a quick dome of mist over the yard and released a sudden cry because his wings flew through his wing - locks .
the taste of roses flowed down his throat and kept him stiff .
her body jerked , but a heavy waft of rose flooded his face as he began to suck .
as he engaged the first sword - strike , however , he caught the scent of rose .
she moaned softly , and her rose - woman scent flooded the air .
` ` i thought we were fighting and now all i can smell in this confined space is a heavy wave of rose .
you taste of rose and woman blended and i ' m hard as rock because of it .
` ` roses , '' he murmured .
her deep rose scent flowed over him in a sudden heavy wave that plowed into his sinuses and brought his own back arching .
` ` i ' m smelling roses .
` ` i always did but now there 's this flavor of roses and it gets me every time . ''
stannett , however , had altered a section of the land to create a dome of microclimate beneath which a garden more suited to the mediterranean had emerged : flowers cascaded over stone walls ; stone paths led among sculpted beds full of lavender , succulents , and roses .
but it seemed all wrong , because it was a rich floral scent , like the red roses his sister , patience , had once grown .
cradled in one arm , havily carried a huge vase full of at least two dozen white roses .
we should put the roses in first , then the lilies . ''
the next room bore white flowers on varying shrubs and smaller plants : roses , white lantana , even star jasmine that climbed a half dozen trellises at evenly spaced intervals .
there were fresh pink and white roses in a large silver vase in the center .
she patted a thin rose gloss onto her lips .
beneath the words , like the card , a red rose lay prone .
he closed his eyes and ran through a litany of flowers , starting with the ones he sent to women he intended to bed - not roses , not carnations , not lilies .
when thoughts of kerrick drifted through her head , the rose bloomed then bloomed some more until her entire body glowed .
they were discussing weather control options and planting some specialty roses that would bloom all winter for her .
one of them had just brought a bouquet of late - blooming wild roses to her , when the scout returned .
` ` i ' ve heard of this thing , it 's some kind of rose , but ... aw , hell , never mind .
although , he remembered ethan saying something about a rose .
it took a moment for gerrod to realize that he was seeing the wraith through new eyes , the bonded powerful eyes of a vampire and his rose .
once mated , the marriage lasted for eternity , and most of theirkind were unwilling to risk get ting stuck in a relationship for six hundred years after the bloom had worn off the rose .
and he sent me back , get this , a rose .
they were bright big fuchsia roses .
the tables were decorated with bloodred roses arranged in black miniature coffins .
` ` want to hold rose , shelby ? ''
but that did n't mean she wanted the bloom knocked off the rose quite so fast .
it was a picture of benji as a small boy , dressed in a suit and tie holding a bouquet of red roses .
he never promised her roses . ''
i hug her back and take in her distinctive scent of roses , fresh blossoms and a hint of freshly baked bread .
roses , hyacinth , tulip , growing sunflowers , pansies , and everything else you can think of .
the roses are wrong , the centrepieces are n't even , what if no - one turns up ?
bouquets of roses and baby 's breath adorn the sides of the reception room .
the biggest roses i ' ve ever seen come out from each one and they all sparkle like they ' ve been coated with a discreet layer of glitter .
i want you on my heart with a bed of roses .
it just does n't fit with the roses and chocolate plan .
it 's the bunch of red roses in his hand .
i figured roses were a good way to go . ''
let 's just go for roses - but not red .
pale pink roses sit between two place settings and two wine glasses are full .
` ` i was gon na say roses , but okay , i guess that works . ''
` ` roses are good . ''
` ` she likes roses . ''
the white of the rose is a stark contrast to the black of the marble , like my childhood innocence was a contrast to my mom 's mature promiscuity .
the roses and handcuffs thing ?
his eyes light up and he drops the roses back into the car .
he 'd seen it when she heard the story of the mausoleum of aga khan and how his wife laid a rose on his tomb every day , a tradition still carried on by the village even after her death .
jose had made a mental note to cover stella 's bed in roses one day .
american and somali flags , along with other african flags , were hastily brought in along with the floral arrangements - the splashes of color from fireball lilies , deep crimson desert roses , and hibiscus brightening the sad little room for such a momentous event .
a deep rose , red , and bronze color scheme bathed the stateroom with a fire - and - brimstone decadence .
he plucked a rose from the welcome vase and placed it on the tray alongside their drinks .
she leaned forward to set her mug back on the tray and picked up the rose .
` ` hey , '' she tapped him on the chest with the rose , ` ` i ' m sorry you 're not flying with your crew because of me . ''
jill stood , twirling the rose between her fingers .
she tore a petal off the rose , dropped it at his feet , and backed away .
thirteen mason stared at the rose petal on his foot , the next on the carpet , another falling from jill 's fingertips as she backed deeper into their temporary lodgings on base .
without breaking contact , she eased back on the bed , her head settling to rest on the plump pillows , wafting the scent of fabric softener - his new favorite erotic smell , right up there with roses .
the scent of roses clung to her ` ` sarong , '' reminding her of how long they 'd rolled together in those petals while they 'd loved each other with their bodies , their mouths , even their eyes .
he trailed a rose from the vase up and down her spine .
he skimmed the rose between her br**sts , back and forth .
he set the rose aside on her pillow .
carvings marked the leather with a variety of designs from roses to vines to full - out pastoral scenes .
he strode into the room , boots thudding against the thick rug patterned with a yellow rose of texas theme .
the smell of roses on a corsage pinned to a prom dress .
` ` does a rose have thorns ? ''
not generic red roses , but a dozen , each one a different color .
lucas guided the rose like a paintbrush over each finger on her left hand , lingering on the spot he intended to put his ring someday .
after the way lucas had teased her with the rose , she 'd half expected him to join her .
` ` does anybody besides me smell roses ? ''
the scent of roses taunted him , reminding him of his plans to romance her .
in and out he forced his breathing to regulate with his heart but the damned smell of roses kept teasing his senses .
kurt had lavished her with everything from body oils to expensive lingerie , even a roomful of roses and a tray of fresh oysters once , all in an attempt to be good to her .
instead she was seeing a man as confused as she felt , which touched her heart more than if he 'd showered her with an elaborate meal served up with roses .
` ` damn it , rose - bud- '' ` ` do you want out of this tree or not ? ''
where he could give her an air - conditioned room and bed , if not roses and candles and all the things this woman deserved .
his smile caressed her inner thigh just before he continued his path up until her scent filled his senses - roses and pure her .
he could n't win her over with roses , restaurants and european settings at his disposal .
he increased the pressure , allowed himself to thrust harder , quicker , until the increasing rise and fall of her rose tipped br**sts reassured him she was seconds away from finding her ... release .
she 'd been so touched when kent brought her a small pot similar to this once , the simple romantic gesture more special than the dozen roses he 'd given her after the second miscarriage .
` ` ivy 's card will look just right tucked between the roses from the clarks and the plant from the squadron . ''
leaning to place the card between a vase of yellow roses and a spidering fern , she rambled about who had sent each card and arrangement .
her hand draped over the armrest to rock patrick 's car seat while zach carried load after load of roses , carnations and daisies .
scattered white candles and a dozen pink roses mocked him from the dining - room table with a festivity he should have thought to offer julia .
totally julia and so enticing he wanted to drape her across the table in the middle of all those roses and candlelight and follow up on the promise of their wedding kiss .
red roses rested above each place setting .
julia twirled a rose between two fingers and resolved to enjoy the valentine 's holiday .
julia 's fingers slowed along the rose .
he stood , draping his shirt over a hanger , a shirt that still carried the scent of roses and !
this guy did n't romance her with a dozen roses that died by the week 's end .
a ridiculously romantic dream for a practical woman who preferred power tools for presents over perfumed roses .
shelby watched as her stepfather swept ivy up , her mom standing beside them with an armload of roses .
those two tokens carried far more memories and thoughtfulness than a hothouse full of roses .
tiny roses dotted the neckline , magnetizing his attention where it had no business straying .
were n't women supposed to want roses and godiva chocolates ?
he carries a bouquet of roses in one hand .
merrilee sat at her desk , staring at the large bouquet of red roses surrounded by baby 's breath and greenery , specially delivered to her at secret fantasy .
` ` roses , red as rubies .
he spoke to someone through the small crack in the door , then opened it wider and returned with a vase full of yellow roses .
` ` i wonder who they 're from , '' she said , excitement in her voice , since what woman did n't like receiving roses ?
nicole accepted the vase of yellow roses .
` ` the roses are beautiful , but sam 's right .
proclaiming his interest in me one minute , showering you with roses the next . ''
` ` they 're wildflowers , not roses . ''
a thick , red , luxurious and obviously expensive bouquet of roses .
` ` even a neanderthal would know roses , but you recognize poppies ?
with one hand , she swept the expanse of the delight - filled table - a vase of freshly bought roses and a selection of jars , creams and oils .
he 'd never let her know that after she 'd backed over her prized roses in the driveway , he 'd pulled strings to make sure she had an eye exam and did n't get her license renewed .
the pink and white balloons intermingled with gold mylar and red roses were a testament to the young girl 's youthful dreams - and catherine thought , the love of her parents .
she did n't strike him as a roses kind of woman , and with her father in the hospital he did n't want to pressure her or come on too strong .
he held out the long - stemmed roses .
i 'd love to see the look on your grandfather 's face when he comes home and finds fred smelling like a rose . ''
amber rose would have to wait .
` ` a red rose speaks of a love that awaits passionate expression .
not a man to stop and smell the proverbial roses , he still marveled at the precious simplicity of the moment .
` ` always come out on top , smelling like a rose . ''
how the hell can you think i come out smelling like a rose when my life 's for shit right now ? ''
the most beautiful red roses sat on her desk .
vases lined the reception desk filled with bouquets of carnations , roses and other assorted varieties he could n't possibly name .
he sent me roses .
not real roses , mind you , but mink roses .
not real roses , mind you , but mink roses .
how she 'd lost the job she 'd been so proud of , not to mention any potential career in the same field thanks to rose 's behavior .
he 'd taken their orders , with rose and darla interrupting him periodically to ask questions .
without warning , the camera panned to rose and darla who waved from the kitchen .
once again the camera angle widened to include rose and darla , who this time hammed it up for the television audience , blowing kisses and calling out the names of friends back in florida .
appetizers by the roses .
because beneath that sachet lay an assortment of filmy , delicate confectionery - bras and slips and panties fashioned of the merest lace and the softest silk , in the gentlest palette of colors michael had ever seen , each decorated with tiny pearls or miniature bows or little satin roses .
it was n't a big cake , but it was beautifully decorated with pink and yellow roses and pale blue trim .
and the roses are supposed to be petal - pink .
with the requisite pleasantries concluded , she did indeed go back to her harping about the roses .
` ` the roses will be fine , '' he said , his gaze never leaving his fiancee 's .
yeah , and lila would just bet it was n't the color of the roses .
at the farthest reaches of the seating was a white pavilion of sorts , and even from this distance lila could see that it was encrusted with - well , there was no denying it - apricot roses .
and if she ended up moving a little - okay , a lot - closer than she 'd originally intended , it was only because the eight billion acres of elegant nesbitt gardens were so crowded with all those chairs and pavilions and apricot roses .
` ` enjoy your roses . ''
they , together with the vases of hothouse roses placed around the room , perfumed the air with a sweet stink that was nearly unbearable .
i can smell the roses . ''
unlike the rest of the primly pristine garden , the rose was rather wild and weedy looking , more suited to a cottage garden than a formal one .
her cheeks were pink from her morning walk , her lips a deep rose .
i can do mending but not embroidery , can drive a cart but not ride a horse , know how to grow cabbages and carrots and even make them into a nice soup , but i have n't the least idea how to trellis roses . ''
were it him , he 'd shower her with hothouse lilies , peonies overflowing with perfumed bloom , roses in every shade .
but soon she and higgins would be able to add roses and irises , peonies and michaelmas daisies .
her cheeks deepened to rose and she bit her lip , though that did n't stop the smile she was trying to stifle .
underneath the cloak , her close - fitting jacket was champagne brocade overembroidered in pale rose and gold thread .
he 's almost presentable now that he stinks o ' roses . ''
lady helena had chosen to decorate the ballroom with hundreds of roses , and the scent of the wilting flowers was almost overwhelming .
the room smelled of roses , because a giant vase of the flowers sat on the corner table .
she gestured to the vase of roses .
` ` and that was after he sent me roses daily for three weeks straight .
` ` whole damned house smelled of wilting roses , '' griffin muttered .
the scent of dying roses and lilies mingled with that of burning wax , sweating bodies , and perfume , the whole both nauseating and heady .
round and full , the nipple a soft rose .
which was also why the wine had been watered down to an anemic rose color , and the tea was so weak one could make out the tiny blue pagoda at the bottom of each teacup .
they 're such proper little tory cakes that i 'd ' ve thought they 'd taste like dust , but they have a lovely hint of rose . ''
the walls were paneled in dark wood , and a single small painting of overblown pink roses ornamented the wall near the window .
lottie 's private sitting room was so elegant , decorated in deep rose and a grayish sort of green one might think was dull but was actually the perfect complement for the rose .
lottie 's private sitting room was so elegant , decorated in deep rose and a grayish sort of green one might think was dull but was actually the perfect complement for the rose .
she wore a pale rose frock tonight , and her hair glowed golden in the candlelight .
dog roses and thistles in the summer .
she took the limp wildflowers , cradling them as if they 'd been the finest roses .
` ` serves you right for mangling your mother 's roses . ''
` ` the prick of the thorns only makes attaining the rose that much more gratifying . ''
he brushed the rose against her cheek , the softness of the petals sending a shudder down her spine .
the rose drifted across her parted lips .
her mouth was the exact same shade as the rose .
her cheeks were flushed a delicate pink , her eyes wide above the rose , but as he watched , they lost focus , and her lids began to drift down .
he teased her mouth again with the rose , watching as the flower pulled down her lower lip , revealing the moist inner skin .
he brought the rose up to absently brush her bare neck as he tried to remember details of emeline 's childhood .
he watched as the rose brushed her collarbone , then moved lower .
the rose must tickle , but she did n't bat it away .
he held her gaze as the rose dipped between the upper curve of her breasts .
when she inhaled , her breasts pressed a little against the rose .
he leaned closer to her , and even though the sweet scent of roses surrounded them , he smelled spicy oranges .
it was unimaginatively planted with roses and small , clipped hedges .
sadly , most of the roses had already bloomed , so the whole looked rather plain and forlorn .
she picked fretfully at her rose and green striped skirts .
she smelled so damn good , like roses and honey .
she smelled like roses .
the garden had been my mother 's pride and joy , filled with flowers , strange plants , and the enticing scent of roses and lavender .
when we were in san francisco for rose and kane 's wedding , even though their child was just a few weeks old , the boys all were very interested and clearly tried to communicate with him . ''
he thought me quite useless as anything other than for experiments , so instead of a lily , or a rose , i was a thorn to him , a constant pain that nagged at him until he threw me away - back onto the streets in japan .
my rose .
she did n't acknowledge his statement , and with rose , he had no idea what she was thinking .
his rose , pregnant with their child , would have risked herself for strangers .
especially from rose .
javier 's grin widened , but his eyes were ice - cold , his stare sending piercing icicles stabbing right through rose 's mind .
kane noticed javier 's body was angled toward rose , half in , half out of the shadows , making him a difficult target , and the tiny knife was still concealed in the palm of his hand .
he smiled at rose and joked , but he was ready for any trouble , those cold , cold eyes never leaving his prey .
there was no ` ` we '' involved in finding the boy , but kane did n't have time to argue with rose .
kane and javier fell in behind rose , using the large man as a shield as they entered the apartment .
he rolled over and came up on his knees , looking frantically around for rose .
her skin was soft , like the petals of a rose .
with no evidence of bodies in the wreckage , they would know he had walked away alive with rose .
he 'd searched for rose for months because he was tied up in knots with wanting her , but he had n't honestly thought too much about what it would mean if she was truly pregnant .
he could do that - with rose .
not only had carlson 's ego been seriously bruised by rose 's rejection , but he was paired with her too .
kane heard the rage smoldering in the man 's belly when he spoke of rose .
his rose .
kane laughed softly at rose 's admonishment as he nuzzled the baby 's head .
something about that very detailed rose caught kane 's attention , but it had n't really registered until now .
` ` i doubt we 're going to have to actually remove the rose .
he liked holding his son and watching rose feed the boy .
he tugged a little on her ankle , his thumb sliding over the petals of the rose .
fargo wanted to hunt the coyotes to give them something to do , but in that , carlson so far had prevailed , pointing out that rose would likely hear the shots .
he might be brutish and selfish , but he 'd thought about what it would mean to take rose 's child from her .
he had dangled kane in front of rose like a carrot , knowing exactly the kind of man who would appeal to her .
` ` rose will be sitting outside in another twenty minutes , and after that we 'll report to whitney .
kane crouched down beside the chair , stroking his thumb one last time over her breast , trailing his fingers over the baby 's head before framing rose 's face with both hands .
if he had , he would never have allowed this man to create a child with rose .
if he 'd just done what he thought was best and stayed with rose and the baby , waiting for carlson to make his move , he would know she was safe .
` ` stupid , stupid mistake , '' he hissed between his teeth and set out running back to rose .
why would n't jimenez disclose everything about his home if he meant it as an escape route for rose ?
he did n't think rose would look too kindly on that outcome .
everything inside of him urged him to take rose and sebastian and get out of the humvee .
the hummer lurched as rose kept it moving straight into the crater the explosion had made .
keeping his eyes closed , he inhaled , just to breathe in rose 's scent .
kane opened his eyes slowly , just to drink in the sight of rose .
kane was startled by the outright hostility in rose 's voice .
kane reached down and rubbed the tattoo on rose 's ankle .
kane grinned at rose .
the diver shot at kane , reaching for rose in an attempt to get her away from kane .
he dove under kane , straight at the diver 's legs , yanking him down and away from kane , who retained possession of rose .
as he surfaced into the thick fog , looking for rose and brian , he heard the sound of a boat bearing down on him .
stay with rose , mack commanded .
he recognized jacob and put the gun down , looking around him for anything that might give him clues to where the men had been directed to take rose and sebastian .
` ` i need to check on rose and the baby . ''
he put a foot on the stairs leading up to where paul watched over rose and sebastian , shook his head , and turned quickly to take the stairs leading down to the first story .
the blood pounded through his veins , thundered through his heart , and roared in his ears , all in reaction to the realization that there was no resistance in rose .
as if testing her , javier cuddled the baby close and , moving in his silent , fluid way , turned his back and strode out of rose 's sight behind the tent .
it made him feel he was being rewarded for taking rose 's choices from her .
chapter 18 rhianna bonds was nothing at all like rose expected her to be .
he was getting lost in rose 's wonder , in the way she absorbed the outdoors and her freedom .
jaimie touched rose 's arm , and they moved into the shadows just outside the store , jaimie positioning herself just in front of rose , partially hiding her from the crowds of people on the street .
the smile faded from rose 's face .
` ` was n't there a rose ?
zev yanked travis off the porch , thrusting the boy behind him as the hound jubal fired at rose from the ground and galloped toward them with blurring speed .
her blood grew hotter and her skin flushed a beautiful rose as she writhed under him .
in his hand were three pink roses .
yellow roses with white lilies .
a dozen white roses arrived next , and jose gave up having her in his office .
he feathered the wire on the stems of the roses and pointed the device toward the entry to her cubicle .
she took the single - stem rose , laid it by the sink , and opened the refrigerator .
she leaned back , glanced at the roses .
judy stood beside a kid in his early twenties wearing a goofy smile and holding a bouquet of two dozen long - stemmed white roses .
he offered a shy smile in judy 's direction and handed the roses to karen .
if michael thought a couple of dozen roses would sway her , he had n't been paying attention .
` ` i do n't think i ' ve seen that many roses in one vase . ''
before the door could close behind him , karen turned to hannah and thrust the roses into the teenager 's hands .
thirty minutes later the same delivery boy arrived again , this time with pink roses ... again two dozen .
` ` a dozen roses on their website are a hundred bucks . ''
surrounding his float were a handful of what karen assumed were friends of hannah 's and judy 's who walked around handing out roses to the older women lining the streets .
instead of falling back on a dozen roses , carter decided on orchids and white lilies .
` ` mrs . sweeny said something about her roses .
oh , and water your mom 's roses , too .
pivoting , she stared into an armload of roses .
her hands clutched the stems of the roses .
janet pushed the roses off her lap and wrapped her arms around him .
two dozen long - stem pink roses .
first , there were roses ... a dozen pink ones with a big red bow .
dean leaned against the frame , a bouquet of white roses sitting limply in his hand .
his heart lifted when she smiled full on and her cheeks turned an adorable shade of rose .
mrs . dawson 's long - stemmed variegated roses were starting to bloom and a deep orange hummingbird stopped at her feeder for a snack .
he envisioned her opening up to him like a rose did for light .
she smelled of roses .
` ` ahh , lass , like roses . ''
` ` hi gavin , '' i tell him , taking the rose and burying my face in it .
i can smell everything right now , the lilies , the lavender , the roses .
she leads us into the formal dining room which is dripping with gardenias and roses and lit candles are everywhere .
i motion to the gardens below us , the lush greenery , the roses .
` ` we have a gardener who helps her , a dear man who has been with us for a very long time , but my mother tends the roses herself .
a plump and generous threesome tasting of a hint of rose and coriander . ''
` ` let us walk and smell the roses .
large , bright scarlet roses patterned the fabric and wide pink ribbon trimmed the sleeves and hem .
a vase holding a collection of roses and lilies sat there , and he paused , staring at it as if it were some foul object .
maia 's face , blast her fair skin , went warm , and likely pinker than the roses on the shoulders of her cornflower - blue gown .
at least the dress she wore was n't pink or yellow , but an unassuming blue with discreet pink roses on the shoulders .
he tightened his arm and led her away from the crowd , where she was able to draw in cooler , cleaner air devoid of attar of roses - which seemed to once again be this season 's favored scent , as well as every other of the last years since she 'd been out .
the roses still bloomed , but the spring flowers that cast such heady scents - lilac , lily of the valley , tulip - were all gone .
the air was humid and heavy with the perfume of mature roses and lilies , underscored by london 's constant tinge of waste and garbage .
instead , when he saw the flash of surprise and the hint of rose flushing her cheeks , he felt rather ... pleased .
she imagined she could make out the black lines of the horrible marking on his skin , the writhing black veins as thick as rose stems , through the cotton of his shirt .
the scent of spring roses and lilies caught in the breeze as he walked past neatly trimmed gardens around to the next block .
she smelled of rose and gardenia - sweet and floral , without being too cloying .
savannah stared down at her brother 's grave , a dozen red roses clutched in her hands .
she placed the roses on his headstone , touching the cold stone with a gentle fingertip .
those who had n't plummeted and burned smelled like damn roses .
the woman smelled like roses .
` ` sweetheart , you smell like roses . ''
` ` roses and paradise . ''
the light scent of roses teased sam 's nose .
why could n't just one ever smell like roses ?
she 'd seen other lobbies filled with complimentary welcome champagne and roses .
* * * the chapel was covered in roses .
noah knew they were claire 's favorite , so he 'd made sure the florist he used in vegas brought in as many roses as possible .
i look away , the rose bushes off in the distance my only escape from his intense gaze .
you like roses . ''
but that does n't mean i ca n't stop and smell the roses ... or smile at sarah drooling . ''
if i could fix whatever was broken with ruby and me , it would turn my life into a bed of roses again , especially considering how many hours i worked in this place .
or almost a bed of roses .
i picked the shower gel that smelled like roses and squeezed a generous amount into my hand .
my bouquet of white roses and baby 's breath trembled in my hand .
` ` pretty flowers , '' hal says , reaching out to touch the petals of one of the pink roses .
there are too many damn yellow roses covering his face .
taking the vase from him , i bury my face into the blooms and inhale the luscious scent of the roses .
` ` yes , '' i say , heaving the roses in his direction .
i let my worries about law firm meetings , yellow roses , and the failure to launch with mick fade away and be replaced by smoke , guns , fire , and testosterone - filled scenes of the stone - faced awesome that is bruce willis .
she glanced over his shoulder as she spoke , her gaze resting on the plump , bloodred petals of a rose .
the roses were twisting beneath an old - fashioned gaslight .
the roses shriveled before her eyes .
the red roses spilled from the vase kim carried , their lush scent tickling holly 's nose .
she 'd always been a sucker for red roses .
her scent , the light , fragrant scent of roses , filled the air around him .
like a delicious combination of roses , rich chocolate , and seductive female flesh , and he really , really wanted to taste her .
she smelled like ... roses .
her scent - the sweet scent reminded him of roses - wrapped around him .
sanitizer ... something different ... but you 're still just like roses .
sarah had been particularly fond of roses .
the light mix of incense and roses .
woman , roses , and just a hint of rich , wild forest .
those roses ... and woman .
woman , roses , and ... wild . ''
he stalked forward and saw the roses propped up against the cement wall .
jude grabbed the flowers , jerked out the card and tossed the roses onto the pavement .
when she 'd found his roses , had she smiled ?
erin loved red roses .
` ` the first time i ever heard from the guy , '' she licked her lips and said , ` ` he sent me roses .
a dozen red roses . ''
` ` i used to love red roses . ''
his mother 's wooden coffin had been covered with red roses .
because she 'd loved red roses , too .
she smelled of roses instead of death .
her scent , roses and aroused woman , tickled his nose and made his c**k jerk .
a locket with a rose in the center .
the reporter continued , ` ` a single red rose was found clutched in ms . slater 's right hand , and with this crime occurring so close to valentine 's day , police at the scene seemed especially tense . ''
there were roses on the stairs .
once upon a time , roses had been her favorite flowers .
then she 'd learned just what michael had been doing with the roses .
buying a dozen roses ... then leaving one with his victim and bringing the remaining eleven to her .
and there were f**king roses on her stairs .
but there was something beside the roses .
he 'd sent her eleven roses , and his victim - each time his victim had the twelfth rose .
her breath sawed out of her lungs as her gaze locked on those roses .
the scent of the roses was sickly sweet .
there were thorns on the roses .
the twelfth rose was missing .
he saw the long - stemmed roses on her stairs , with the white box dropped next to them .
katherine sat in the back of the patrol car and watched as the evidence team finally came out of her house with the white box and the roses bagged for evidence .
` ` the cuts on the victim 's arms ... the roses ... only valentine knew that . ''
` ` what about the roses ? ''
` ` roses were my favorite , '' she whispered .
what i did n't know until after was that he gave me roses when he made a kill . ''
and the roses came in perfect time with his kills . ''
` ` when i found stephanie that last day - he already had the roses waiting on the table for me . ''
and roses had been waiting for katherine last night .
i like to think she was smiling down from heaven when she saw those roses .
a rose was carefully positioned in amy 's palm .
the bloodred roses and the photograph to immortalize his kill .
there was a white box in the middle of his desk , right next to a vase full of fresh roses .
just because valentine 's day was drawing near , it did n't mean he had to have damn roses in his office .
vendors were hawking the roses on every street corner of the city .
trent studied the package as the scent of the roses filled his nose .
a laptop and some wilting roses were on a corner of the desk .
as for the rose petals and that vase of roses - eleven roses in that vase - he 'd already started sweeps at the local florist shops .
as for the rose petals and that vase of roses - eleven roses in that vase - he 'd already started sweeps at the local florist shops .
there were roses beside him .
fresh roses , the same color as blood , were strewn over the floor .
` ` why the f**king roses ?
` ` originally , the roses could have been a sign of remorse .
` ` roses used to be her favorite flower , did you know that ?
when valentine found out about her love for roses , the guy must have seen that as another sign that katherine was perfect for him . ''
the cafe was still a sea of red with the tablecloths that joe had put out before , but now , katherine saw that joe had added vases of roses to the tabletops .
the sickeningly sweet scent of the roses hit her the instant she stepped inside .
so many damn roses .
with valentine 's day right around the corner , the roses were everywhere .
not roses , no , but she could n't look at any flowers without remembering valentine .
he was holding roses in his hands .
the sweet scent of the roses made the whole room smell of death .
` ` count the roses , '' harley snapped at him .
the fourth had dead roses near the door .
twisting roses that had withered in the winter .
the killer had lured them there , shown them the roses , because the killer wanted them to find something .
katherine 's gaze drifted to the roses .
katherine remembered a woman who enjoyed having fresh roses nearby .
the smell of those roses had made katherine tense up every single time she went into that office .
` ` and , thanks to the overeager press everyone knew that valentine liked to leave roses in the hands of his victims .
everywhere he turned , there were f**king red , heart - shaped balloons or bundles of roses being delivered to patients .
with the beautiful roses that her mother had loved .
a giant stream of red roses covered the lid .
his hand stretched back into the passenger seat and grabbed the roses that he 'd picked up .
` ` roses are my favorites . ''
they 'd come with red roses and her mother had put them on her father 's grave even as the tears trickled down her cheeks .
she 'd brought roses , though wade would have cussed her out if he knew that .
dead flowers , looked like roses , sat at the base of the tree .
` ` it 's a rose . ''
when monica had seen the rose , all the color had blanched from her face .
a mark on the back of their shoulders , a raised , rigid rose .
in the rough shape of a rose .
okay , sure , if you squinted , it did look like a rose , but so what ?
not one that smelled like roses and looked like the sweetest sin he 'd ever seen .
the scent of roses filled his nostrils and soothed the beast within .
` ` my dad came home with roses , '' she says .
guns n ' roses !
i guessed i could make the roses after all .
if you had a better aim , someone would be laying a bunch of roses over my ashes right about now . ''
i gawked as practically every female rose and came to the main table to place a key in the glass bowl that evan was holding up .
she cut the cake into little steps , iced it and then poured a redberry sauce that flowed down , garnished it with oxberries and mint sprigs and backed it all up with roses and edible lilies .
it 's breathtaking , even down to the roses around the door .
inside are two dozen long - stemmed , white roses and a card .
i examine the roses - they are beautiful , and i ca n't bring myself to throw them in the trash .
wooden chairs , linen tablecloths , and walls the same color as christian 's playroom - deep blood red - with small gilt mirrors randomly placed , white candles , and small vases of white roses .
the champagne is a pale rose color .
on my desk is an enormous wicker basket crammed with stunning white and pale pink roses .
as christian holds the car door open for me , i turn and toss my bouquet of white and pink roses into the crowd of young women that has gathered .
once the steward has cleared our dessert plates , christian reaches for the bottle of rose and refills my glass .
i stood up from my work with the roses and turned to him .
it was beautiful , and every available countertop was covered in vases filled with white and red roses .
we headed down to the beach , and i smiled at the white arbor covered in red and white roses .
she was carrying a huge bouquet of white and red roses .
the smell of all the roses in the room was intoxicating .
when i opened it up , i gasped at the long - stem red roses .
it was with a box of roses .
walker grabbed the roses and the card and headed next door .
` ` um ... when can ... i mean ... '' she looked away and i could swear the beautiful rose color that was sweeping over her cheeks was making my dick hard again .
i walked up to a rose bush and broke off a rose .
i was n't sure why red roses reminded me of azurdee , but they did .
i slipped it under the rose and looked at her one more time .
i picked up the rose and smelled it as i let a smile play across my face .
twenty minutes later , i was setting the note on my pillow and laying the rose on top of it .
there was silence for a few seconds before she said , ` ` thank you for the rose , and my note . ''
i closed my eyes and tried to picture her smelling the rose .
i sat up quickly expecting to see a rose sitting on the pillow .
we walked up to my bike and she turned and winked at me as her cheeks were covered in a beautiful rose color .
azurdee : how in the world did you get the rose in here ?
the roses ?
it had been filled with red roses .
there was a piece of paper under the rose .
me : when did you leave the rose ?
i walked over and picked up the rose and smelled it like i did every time before when he left one .
stephanie handed me the bouquet of red roses .
i smiled as i looked at the roses .
jessie and ryn also had a smaller bouquet of red roses .
it was covered in red and white roses .
her cheeks were stained a beautiful rose color as the memory must have been coming back to her .
i had made arrangements with the hotel to have the bedroom and bathroom covered in red roses and petals .
if there was counter space , there were bouquets of roses .
there were hints of rose , green , and gold colors .
i knew it would n't be easy to walk into the huge rose - granite - walled building on international place and expect to be escorted directly to caine 's office .
also , have a dozen red roses delivered to phoebe billingham , harvard university press , cambridge .
` ` i ' m sending her a dozen red roses and taking her to dinner at a nice restaurant .
exhaling , i put the phone down and contemplated the note i 'd made for the roses .
like roses . ''
a pet with long , silken hair and soft , fragrant skin that smelled of roses .
` ` your skin smells of roses . ''
girl always hung her freak flag high , '' i heard people whispering in the circle k. meg and i both knew that some people said things like that about her - in our town she was like a rose blooming in the desert ; it confused folks - but with her dead , this sentiment no longer felt like a badge of honor .
he finally lands on a guns n ' roses song , ` ` sweet child o ' mine . ''
the pink roses matched the boutonniere i would pin to his lapel .
i turned from the arrangement of red roses and white lilies to find claudia gesturing to it .
i 'll have a glass of rose , please . ''
jarrod 's mother threw a rose in .
the more i gazed at her , the more i realized she was striking even without the hair and the piercings and the sleeve of black rose tattoos down her right arm .
` ` i ' m not sunshine and roses , but i can handle myself .
my gaze flipped from the rose to him then back to the rose .
my gaze flipped from the rose to him then back to the rose .
lifting the rose , he tapped it on the tip of my nose .
lowering the rose , he dipped his head as he leaned in .
` ` this is the part where you take the rose from me . ''
mouth dry , i took the rose .
holding the rose close to my chest , i wondered what he thought of me if he honestly expected that .
` ` even after giving me a rose . ''
then roses .
the space was warm and inviting , smelling of wood , beeswax , and roses .
the door clicked open , and she found a bouquet of long - stemmed white roses , their petals delicately edged in pink .
was it the roses that won you over ? ''
justin downed the last of his coffee and set the empty mug next to her vase of roses .
she could ' ve used lucian 's roses .
climbing roses had been coaxed into a natural arch where the couple would take their vows and bloomed in exotic colors i 'd never seen in the wild .
shaya and rurik walked together through the crowd , hand in hand , making their way to the arch of roses as equals .
she had tiny roses tucked into her hair , and their scent surrounded me .
it was a delicate little thing , tiny gold roses and emeralds .
when things had ended with rose , i thought no loss could be more terrible .
` ` you sure you do n't want to go home and cuddle up with rose ? ''
plus , i was still processing the news that i 'd lost enough time for rose and lissa to be back that long .
` ` she 's hard to forget , '' i said , thinking back on the venerable and quirky old witch back in california who had decorated every single item in her house with roses .
` ` or me , '' piped in rose .
` ` yes , it's- '' dimitri bit off his words and glanced at rose , then back at the drawing .
after convincing rose and dimitri to go with us to the dhampir commune , we 'd had to wait for dimitri to use his resources and confirm where olive 's medallion was linked to .
the woman 's face softened a little as she took in rose and dimitri , then hardened again at the sight of me .
but it was clear this woman never heard anything past rose and dimitri 's names .
` ` we 're not celebrities , '' i assured her , putting my arm around sydney and nodding toward rose and dimitri .
the look on rose 's face showed she felt as completely unprepared for that as i was , but she gave a quick nod .
when we asked for supplies , she sent them via rose or dimitri so that declan would have as little exposure to others in the commune as possible .
she turned to rose and dimitri .
with rose .
we went to adrian 's old apartment with rose and dimitri , triggering another wave of nostalgia as i thought back to all the time i 'd spent there .
catching sight of rose and dimitri chatting near trey , inez gave a small snort of amusement .
the two of them decided to get that straightened out while rose and dimitri went with adrian .
immediately , the overwhelming fragrance of roses and lilies surrounded us .
` ` if we need anything , i 'll either have it shipped here or send rose and dimitri for it , assuming they can leave ? ''
lissa 's tone sounded perfectly innocent , and i realized rose must have kept the news of declan secret even from her best friend .
once i 'd called and told rose and dimitri the information about jill and the alchemists , i 'd lost track of what was happening .
the other person 's face was buried on rose 's shoulder , but there was no mistaking the tangle of long , light brown hair .
the creature let go and turned its wrath on sydney as rose broke through and got jill to the stairs .
she glanced between rose and eddie .
he focused on rose and dimitri .
i had n't seen rose and dimitri in almost a year and a half , right around the time jill had been rescued from the warriors in st . george .
thinking about that , my gaze rested on rose and dimitri , sitting together at one end of the table .
both dimitri and olive had been restored from being strigoi , and whatever feat of spirit had allowed olive to conceive with another dhampir would likely apply to rose and dimitri also .
while staring off at rose and dimitri , a brilliant flash had caught my eye - a flash on rose 's finger .
the first time , he stammered an invitation over a bouquet of orange roses and esme 's voice was almost a whisper when she said , ` ` all right , '' her eyes fixed on the flower petals .
they were hothouse roses at first , and when spring came around , daffodils , and in summer , dahlia blossoms so big she had to hold them with both hands .
` ` it 's beautiful , '' said mik , and it was : the water a chalky pale green , the rocks like pastel drawings , rose and sea foam .
skin as black as a raven 's wing at the umbra of eclipse , and her hair was featherine , the soft rose of sunrise , and falling in pale shoals about her dark shoulders .
i study one of the roses carefully , and then look at my crooked ring finger that my father broke years earlier .
on a strange impulse , i reach out and close my hand tightly around the rose 's stem .
my skin now smells of rose and honey .
i tremble again as his finger runs across my lips , painting them a color of rose that accents their fullness .
` ` you 're a malfetto , just like me , '' i whisper , staring absently at the rose hovering between us .
cream roses with the very tips tinged peach and raspberry .
the rose brier planted by jamie 's mother , ellen , had grown up into a great , sprawling tangle latticed to the wall of the house , only now losing the last of its leaves .
i woke just past dawn to the scratching of the rose brier against the window , and the muffled thump and clang of breakfast fixing in the kitchen below .
he stopped , looking out at the window , where the brambles of his mother 's rose beat against the glass as the wind changed .
` ` and you think loving you 's been a bed of roses , do you ? ''
kingston harbor stretched to our left , glowing like liquid sapphires in the morning light , the town above half - sunk in jungle green , cubes of yellowed ivory and pink rose - quartz in a lush setting of emerald and malachite .
` ` after all , he might not be at rose hall , but someplace else on the island . ''
some thought that she had several indentured servants , some thought only one or two - no one present had actually set foot in rose hall , but of course people said ... a few minutes later , the gossip had turned to fresh meat , and the incredible behavior of the new curate , mr . jones , with the widowed mrs . mina alcott , but then , what could be expected of a woman with her reputation , and surely it was not entirely the young man 's fault , and she so much older , though of course , one in holy orders might be expected to be held to a higher standard ... i made an excuse and slipped away to the ladies ' retiring room , my ears ringing .
i shall go to rose hall at once , but i think i must just have a wee rest before setting out . ''
if he were indeed at rose hall , all might be well .
now that jamie was back , i wanted nothing so much as to get quickly away from rose hall and its owner .
` ` yes , at rose hall .
spilled petals from the yellow rose lay across the doorstep , glowing like ancient gold coins in the faint light from the entryway .
he nodded at the white roses woven into the carpet .
the reverend whirled , so quickly that his elbow knocked against a vase ; water and yellow roses cascaded over the rosewood desk , soaking the papers .
with the horrible clarity that attends crisis of all kinds , i noted everything , from the nick in the edge of the blade as he drew it from the case , to the scent of the rose he crushed beneath one foot as he came toward me .
the handle of the basket was twined with white roses , and the lid jerked up and down , agitated by the movements of something inside .
the c**k in the basket crowed again , and the white roses on the handle quivered violently with its struggles .
on july 24 , lieutenant general sir william howe arrived on staten island , where he set up field headquarters at the rose and crown tavern in new dorp .
on august 21 , william ransom , lieutenant lord ellesmere , arrived at the rose and crown in new dorp , reporting - somewhat late - for duty as the newest and most junior member of general howe 's staff .
do bluebirds pluck out their feathers , or roses fling away their petals ? ''
` ` i doubt that roses itch , '' he said , scratching at his chin .
she caught grey watching them this time , went red as the roses on the teacups , and looked sedulously at her toes .
mrs . figg had come in with a vase of summer roses , smelling of myrrh and sugar .
` ` she had a big yellow rose brier growin ' up the wall at lallybroch ; my grandmother planted it . ''
the news that he apparently was n't a solitary nutter seemed to reassure fraser , who pushed back from the desk and stood up , glancing at the window , where a big rose brier curved up gaunt and black against the fading sky .
both of them were flushed as summer roses , but he thought - he hoped - it was the result of the heat .
as a nod to the quakers ' sensibilities , though , there was only one vase of flowers - a very plain glass vase - between the two wooden benches that had been set at the front of the room , and the faint perfume of honeysuckle and pink cabbage roses mingled with the turpentine smell of hot pine boards and the pungent scents of fairly clean but very hot people .
he was blushing like a rose , and instead of collapsing in howls of laughter , which she badly wanted to do , she shut the book gently and took his face between her hands .
after a moment , i turned down the path that led round the side of the house , out to the tiny garden at the back , and sat down on the bench there , among the roses , feeling most unwell .
late - summer flowers , roses and jasmine and early blue asters , and for the first time , tears ran down my cheeks at this scented remembrance of the wedding held here so little time before .
one of those snatches , though , was a vivid recollection of standing in the parlor of number 17 , holding a bouquet of white roses , with john beside me and a military chaplain with a book before us - and , standing on john 's other side , grave and handsome , william in his captain 's uniform and shining gorget , looking so like jamie that i felt for a dizzying instant that jamie 's ghost had come to watch .
arianna put a rose directly over my heart .
i decided not to argue , especially when she unsnapped my shirt - not all at once , but one maddening click at a time , her hands smoothing over my pecs , tracing the rose tattoo before moving down over my abs , which hardened - like every other part of my body .
' i think i ' m falling in love with you , melody , ' i whispered when she 'd fallen asleep , her ear pressed to the rose tattoo above my heart .
she went by rose . '
harrison was a brave kid , giving my girl a dozen roses after the concert .
a fake red rose barrette pulls up one side of her hair and something nags at me like a bad memory stuck in deja vu mode .
i run my fingers along the bindings of the books and pause when a single red rose clutched in a fist pops through the shelving space less than a foot in front of me .
in a second , jonah walks around the corner with the rose in his hand and a baseball cap on backwards .
stella owns the rose in a way only she would - pinned into that purple hair .
i affirm my barrette 's in place and when my fingers slide against the silky petals of the fake rose , i continue forward .
but as i stare at the roses , it 's as if the bareness of the room fades , and i ' m the princess entering her castle .
the fragrance of the rose is n't overwhelming .
the roses are bunched together on top of the bedside table .
i smile , amazed by the roses , by his faith in me and by the fact that he 's absolutely fantastic .
the air conditioner kicks off , and i lean against the headboard , staring at noah 's roses on the bedside table .
it 's like the roses .
noah for the second time in my life , i purchase a dozen roses in the hotel lobby , but this time they 're pink instead of red .
the roses made echo melt last time , and i ' m hoping for the same reaction now , or at least a half smile .
the gift shop clerk hands me back my change , and i shake the roses at isaiah .
my grip on echo 's roses tightens , and a thorn slices through my skin .
haley 's probably one of those dinner , a movie , roses type of girls who take a month to work up to the first kiss .
a handful of pink roses appear in front of me .
the roses shake in front of me and i snap out of my shock long enough to take them .
yet i say it as i inhale the sweet scent of the largest rose .
it means that when i give her roses , she tells me maybe we 'll talk .
haley swings the door open , grabs the roses , then blushes when our eyes meet .
i pull out my i d for rose , and she walks into a back office area .
the sweet smell of lilies and roses from chris 's flower arrangement greets me when i push open the door .
just before she 'd clicked the shutter , hardy had been watching miracle 's face glow after she photographed a single rose petal that had somehow made its way into the center of a sunny spot in the park .
a vase full of roses sits on a small , round table at the end of the coffin stand .
i take one and walk to my uncle 's side , laying the rose upon his chest alongside the few others .
he loved roses .
i ' m sure the roses here came from that garden .
antique furnishings covered in faded rose - and - cream colored fabrics , a fresh flower arrangement sitting on the dresser and a book lying on the night table right beside her reading glasses .
it 's holding at least two dozen pure white roses , and in the center , a single blood red one .
and i could smel roses , '' she cried miserably .
she smel ed like roses .
i thought of that day and found that , if i concentrated hard enough , i could still smell the roses in his living room , still hear the crackling of the fire in his underground mansion .
it even smells like her , like roses . ''
the first thing i noticed was that i smelled roses .
the only smell i associated with roses was lucius 's luxurious basement .
i 'd smelled it , the scent of roses , in my bedroom when i 'd been attacked and bitten , as well as at denise 's house when i 'd gone to visit her and caught someone there .
it was guns ' n roses , sweet child o ' mine .
the crackling of the fire and the smell of roses completed the surreal scene .
i flinch at the sudden burst of hope that blooms in my chest like a rose .
there are white streamers dangling from the ceiling , there are white silk roses gushing from vases on every surface and there is glitter sprinkled on the tables and floor .
the sweet smell of roses taunted my nose .
it had all sorts of flowers in it , but i only recognized one - the roses .
i stared at the rose in my hand .
i wanted to crush everyone and everything around me , just like i 'd crushed the rose .
as if i was n't there and the rose was n't dead , it fluttered its blue and green wings delicately then settled onto its perch .
it stayed with me until the rose slipped from my fingers when derek picked me up to carry me to his motorcycle .
it was like looking at my own mouth in the mirror , only her lips were moist and stained with a dusty rose gloss whereas mine were usually dry and cracked .
and that song is n't exactly light and roses , and you sing it all the time . ''
` ` i said ' nice tunes , ' '' i repeated , hearing guns n ' roses ' ` ` paradise city '' spitting out of her ear buds .
` ` i ' m just saying that maybe you should stop and smell the roses . ''
` ` i do n't like roses . ''
he pulled his hand out from behind his back and produced a bouquet of red roses .
victoria plucked the roses out of liz 's hands and went in search of a vase in a cabinet .
` ` oh , please , '' victoria said , slipping the roses out of their packaging and plopping them into the vase .
there 's a difference , '' victoria said , primping the roses into formation .
` ` just give me those , '' liz snapped , snatching the roses out of victoria 's hand and walking out of the kitchen .
she plastered on a smile as she walked back into the living room with the roses .
her gaze flicks to my shirt , which features a skull with a rose growing from it , and a raven perched on the skull .
had f**king roses and shit . ''
handed her the roses , and asked her if she 'd go out with me .
she gave the roses back . ''
i move past her , take a rose from the vase and toss it onto the casket , stand there for a moment wondering if i should say something or just have a moment of silence , and then i shake my head and limp back through the cemetery where a taxi is waiting for me , the meter running .
he would sometimes try to make a silhouette from a single cutting , managing once a near - perfect rose ( from , as an homage to his lily , a falling - apart copy of iris murdoch 's an accidental rose ) , but more often getting results akin to the very goose - like crane that mehmet had accidentally seen .
he would sometimes try to make a silhouette from a single cutting , managing once a near - perfect rose ( from , as an homage to his lily , a falling - apart copy of iris murdoch 's an accidental rose ) , but more often getting results akin to the very goose - like crane that mehmet had accidentally seen .
she picked up the layered tops , one stripy , the other a soft rose .
they passed the rose and crown , the industrial estate with the five - man car wash , and the carpet warehouse .
she wore a white dress , patterned with huge red roses , and a pair of oversize sunglasses .
the room smelt of dried roses .
liv breathes in the scents of food cooking , beeswax , perfumed roses in vases , and gazes at the walls .
the sofas are a deep rose .
he thinks my life is sunshine and roses .
i set the rose on the table and study it , smooth my fingers over the velvety - soft petals .
what were you really going to say about the rose ? ''
pink and soft damp and warm my pretty little rose is my home i cradle her close give her exactly what she needs and when i ' m finished i ' m the one who 's pleased my entire body is warm .
i stare at her br**sts , those pink ni**les that match her lips that match the rose i gave her , and i want to climb right back into bed .
he holds up a bouquet of pink roses , the same shade as the one he gave me oh so long ago , and my heart melts .
they were deep rose and tiny .
it ended way above my knees , and while the applique roses and lacy parts were pretty , my boobs looked like they would come popping out the top at any minute .
finally i called a local florist and spent a small fortune on every rose they had in the store .
hell , i just spent a f**king fortune having dozens upon dozens of roses sent to her .
glancing over my shoulder , i eyed all the beautiful red , pink , yellow , and purple roses overtaking my room .
his arms were laden with dozens of pink roses .
i brought the fragrant mixture of pink roses and white lilies to my nose .
i asked , as i held up a beautiful bouquet of delicate pink roses .
before i could sit back down , i saw brayden cutting through the crowd with a dozen red roses in his arms .
brayden sat the roses down on the table , and then offered me his hand .
running towards me was brayden with a dozen roses in his hand .
with roses in my arms and my glittering tiara on my head , i 'd run into his open arms .
i whirled around to see aj striding down the hall with a giant bouquet of colorful wild flowers and roses in his arms - a determined expression etched across his handsome features .
i eyed the bouquet of flowers in his arms - they were my favorite pink roses .
` ` but how did you know pink roses were my favorite ? ''
he eased the bouquet of roses he still clutched onto the table .
beside the large pear - shaped vase , filled with fresh long - stemmed yellow roses , is a medium - sized black toolbox with a silver inscription : reed construction .
the large round table is still there ; the only difference is the color of the fresh - cut roses in the center .
in one hand he 's holding the back door open for me , and in the other , a gorgeous bouquet of yellow roses .
every time dad took brooke and me on one of our father - daughter dates , he always had one of his drivers meet us , and they always had our favorite flowers : red tulips for brooke , yellow roses for me .
chapter one bleu macallister memphis , tennessee just as a rose is unable to change its color , it is n't possible for us to alter the past .
i sniff the rose and read the message .
` ` it got better once i found a beautiful red rose and invitation for a date tomorrow night .
` ` the florist told me a white rose conveys ' i ' m worthy . ' ''
` ` do you give roses to all the girls ? ''
maybe blood red roses , but not these .
i love that he sent me wildflowers instead of something more common like roses .
he stopped at a market and picked up two bouquets of roses and one of sunflowers .
placing a bouquet of roses on olivia 's parents ' graves first , he made his way to olivia 's grave .
` ` good evening , beautiful , '' he said , smiling and handing her a dozen yellow roses .
her chin quivered as she looked at the vibrant red roses lying in front of her mother 's grave .
the scent of roses filled my nose as i took a few steps into the room .
i tried not to roll my eyes as axton cage stepped off the stage with a handful of roses , and even more panties .
the stage was littered with broken red roses , bras that had girls ' names and numbers on the inside cups , and panties .
winking , blowing kisses to the girls in the front row that kept throwing me roses as i sang .
she dropped her bouquet , delicate pink and black roses falling to the sand , as she cupped my face with both hands and kissed me .
my bouquet of white and lavender roses fell from my hand as i wrapped myself around shane , trying to press as close as humanly possible .
and it was there , standing over the flower covered grave of mary beth niall with our shared pain over the loss of such an amazing woman , that i had realized how i really felt for marissa ... ` ` it 's been three years and i still miss her , '' marissa murmured as she bent to replace the bouquet of dried roses with a fresh one .
yellow roses had been my mother 's favorite flower and marissa made sure she had fresh ones every month .
the stage was littered with red roses , panties and bras , and pieces of paper that professed fans ' love and desire for us .
the roses were all picked up , but no one bothered to pick up the underwear or the love letters .
they re called roses , shoes said almost in a whisper , looking up at them .
i looked from the roses down at shoes , who had tears in her eyes though for some reason the rest of her face did nt really look sad .
after she died , i buried shoes there , surrounded by her roses .
drinking too much of his own brew gave daddy something the doctors called a funny name : see roses .
meet at the rose in four hours .
before long , they were in front of the rose .
a single door led the way inside and it was carved to look like a wall of wilted roses .
though real , half - dead roses usually looked ugly and depressing , but carved from wood they actually appeared comforting and beautiful .
brask knew that even coming to the wilted rose was risky , but they had to meet up with the others to decide on the next course of action .
they moved their horses through the alleyway and came up next to the rose .
her sad eyes suggested to him that being beautiful was nt always a bed of roses , and was sometimes a downright pain in the ass .
with her raven hair brushed back from her temples and her forehead , beta looks as fresh as a rose in the first glow of sunrise .
sisters click here for more stories from kristie lynn higgins or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/page2.html ayann # 1 a fantasy action adventure series beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose series behemoth dragon rite # 1 catching black fire ... dragon rite # 2 esspell , dragon magic the florida house mission one a.k.a unexplained unexpected : vampires grimm # 1 janes entrance grimm # 2 the beast , the rose , and the sword shunned # 1 the metal veil and the weeping sword named tear shunned # 2 band of dragons rex of the dead- a dog 's view of the zombie apocalypse road rage zombieland zombies ' undead beginning www.kristielynnhiggins.com behemoth kristie lynn higgins 2000 , 2007 the early 1800s .
sisters click here for more stories from kristie lynn higgins or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/page2.html ayann # 1 a fantasy action adventure series beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose series behemoth dragon rite # 1 catching black fire ... dragon rite # 2 esspell , dragon magic the florida house mission one a.k.a unexplained unexpected : vampires grimm # 1 janes entrance grimm # 2 the beast , the rose , and the sword shunned # 1 the metal veil and the weeping sword named tear shunned # 2 band of dragons rex of the dead- a dog 's view of the zombie apocalypse road rage zombieland zombies ' undead beginning www.kristielynnhiggins.com guardian angel john m. davis smashwords edition copyright 2013 serenity valley publishing smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
like crying when you see roses , it may remind you of a lost love .
the scent of her was like roses and the sea and fresh bread and all manner of lovely , heady things .
the end - click here to read sogi2 or visit www.kristielynnhiggins.com/sogiseries-2.html sogi1 index -beretta- -coffin handle bowie- -dry clouds- -etna toys- -kat- -kim- -musci box- -noir- -rogue- -transgenic grass- -transgenic maple- -walther ppk- click here for more stories from kristie lynn higgins ayann , a fantasy action adventure # 1 beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose beauty of the beast # 2 daughter of a king behemoth dragon rite # 1 catching black fire ... dragon rite # 2 esspell , dragon magic the florida house mission one a.k.a unexplained unexpected : vampires grimm # 1 janes entrance grimm # 2 the beast , the rose , and the sword shunned # 1 the metal veil and the weeping sword named tear shunned # 2 band of dragons rex of the dead- a dog 's view of the zombie apocalypse road rage zombieland zombies ' undead beginning www.kristielynnhiggins.com the aurora city by e.r .
the professor and maria racked their brain for a logo and eventually selected a rose bud as a symbol of happiness and flourishing .
the plants sarah saw in the botany lab were hybrids she could n't even conceive of , not to mention design , plants whose scale was controlled to the micron , diminutive pine trees and gigantic chamomile , leaves of every shade but green processing chlorophyll , plants without roots that could move around at will , transparent roses , rubber trees genetically altered to secrete aluminum , cucumber plants that changed their color like vegetal chameleons , microscopic baobabs , sub aquatic corn fields , and a soy bean that tasted just like steak .
she was n't even aware that her gestures had become automatic and her mind traveled away from the disgusting task to the extraordinary labs in christchurch where it contemplated visions of transparent roses and blue chamomile .
inside lay a dozen beautiful red roses , just like the ones back home !
he crammed the spear components into the box , the roses compressed just enough to allow room .
she yanked the ribbon off the box and withdrew the roses .
she moved to the fireplace and began tossing roses into the gas flames .
she tossed a few more roses into the fire .
she handed him a single rose and tossed the remainder into the flames .
he handed over the rose .
looking around the room she saw a white rose was placed on the table .
nikole sat up on the couch and reached for the rose , pulling it to her nose , inhaling the sweet scent .
taking the rose and letting its smell calm her nerves , she pressed the stem to her chest as if giving it a hug .
i do nt know what to say she caught a whiff of the roses scent .
it took a few moments for rose 's words to sink in , the adults looked at one another then moved to the lounge to see the news report themselves .
the roses were in bloom and their scent was rich and almost overpowering .
you know how the saying goes , stop and smell the roses ?
people are so busy working , literally choking each other that they have no more time to ' smell the roses , ' or sincerely say hello or good morning , you know ?
what about stopping and smelling the roses , huh , hydra ?
he mellowed down and said , i understand pluggo just be patient and we will make time to smell the roses .
she smelled like fresh - cut roses , sweet and delicious .
i sent you those roses .
they let go and riddick presented her with a yellow rose .
beaming , waters took the rose and inhaled its aroma .
waters clipped the roses stem and set the flower and vase on the island counter .
waters let out a defeated sigh , then adjusted how the rose sat in the vase .
i was going to give it to you before dinner but i forgot after you gave me my rose .
she turned around and faced the rose , caressing its curved petals .
such a nice rose .
it was finely crafted iron , worked to look like climbing roses had grown over an iron fence .
the heart of the gateway was the same rose covered marble arch he had seen outside the entrance to the garden in ms . roberts yard .
she wore a scarlet vest over a white long sleeve dress shirt with a banded collar , with two pins that looked like scarlet roses about the size of his thumbnail where on either side of the center of the collar about an inch from where it was fastened at the neck .
the shoulders of her coat were decorated with black epaulettes with a scarlet rose the color of her vest , and four silver bars , two on either side of the rose .
in the box were four finely crafted scarlet roses .
they were small , but finely detailed ; they looked almost like real roses .
the rose has long been a respected symbol through out the universe .
he thought of the roses that adorned the gates in the terminal , and on the garden at roberts house , he realized that roses had played a very large part in his life lately .
he thought of the roses that adorned the gates in the terminal , and on the garden at roberts house , he realized that roses had played a very large part in his life lately .
henry looked down his finger sliding over the rose of one of the cuffs , and she saw that same sad look she had seen earlier cross his face .
the gates he operated were covered in roses , and the symmetry of the idea appealed to him .
despite the pro - cascadia hype , not everythings coming up roses in the rose city .
that word sounds like rose plus horn .
shed had gifts of cake and ponies and pink birthday roses which slowly evolved into gifts of gowns , diamonds only of the first water , and red , red roses , all sent to her by way of the vampire lord who owned hera lord she had yet to meet .
shed had gifts of cake and ponies and pink birthday roses which slowly evolved into gifts of gowns , diamonds only of the first water , and red , red roses , all sent to her by way of the vampire lord who owned hera lord she had yet to meet .
she had insisted on a rose with thorns .
rogef had chosen the ring of flowers himself ; a collection of different colored roses , with the thorns still intact .
the rose , and opened their eyes .
it looks as if it would feel like a rose petal .
he felt the webley jerk against his palm , a small red rose appeared on the monsters shoulder , he heard the ak start firing , the monster roared even louder charging towards the two men opposite him .
sisters click here for more stories from kristie lynn higgins or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/page2.html ayann # 1 a fantasy action adventure series beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose series behemoth dragon rite # 1 catching black fire ... dragon rite # 2 esspell , dragon magic the florida house mission one a.k.a unexplained unexpected : vampires grimm # 1 janes entrance grimm # 2 the beast , the rose , and the sword shunned # 1 the metal veil and the weeping sword named tear shunned # 2 band of dragons rex of the dead- a dog 's view of the zombie apocalypse road rage zombieland zombies ' undead beginning www.kristielynnhiggins.com josiah the reformer by jared wallace carter copyright 2013 jared wallace carter smashwords edition chapter 1 the bar and the general met every tuesday night .
it is nt important ; i mumbled mine over a din i could nt hear myself through , and shakespeare , for all his grace , was wrong over the scent of a rose , at least as far as the metaphor applies to a woman .
he was holding a dozen roses in his hand .
if my life with my folks was sunshine and roses , i 'd probably look at things differently .
you ai nt exactly a bouquet of roses yourself .
* * * star was all prim and neat when she entered dr . rackenfauzs workshop , as if shed spent the night lying inactive on a bed of roses .
petals blown by the wind alighted on the embers and melted into the heat , disintegrating in colors of rose .
doing a twirl in mid step , i left the tent that smelled like roses and waited outside .
the scent of roses filled my nostrils .
she smelled like roses , something he knew she loved .
roses bloomed in the garden marking her path to the patio doors .
i painted the house ; i planted and nurtured the roses .
three more rose followed a similar projection , a few feet apart .
` ` the roses are lovely , the temperature is just right , there 's a warm breeze and you 're so gloomy . ''
as she stooped to smell the rose , i noticed an ugly welt on the back of her neck .
like petals of a rose how many layers did this young man have ?
suddenly , the door to the bathroom opened , and a dozen roses fell to the floor at her feet .
she kicked the roses into the first bathroom stall , grunting with anger , and then she squealed like a hurt animal and dashed into the stall .
you need to get out and smell the roses sometimes . ''
it was the smell of flowers , of summer of roses , a voice in his head said .
lucius did nt know what roses were , or summer for that matter .
the room lit up as a hundred auto - candles flickered to life around the room , exquisite violin music began resonating from the direction of the bedroom and the scent of tulek roses wafted around beth .
and with that they were gone , leaving only the scent of roses and a few suds on the floor as memory .
suspicious rose and confidently strode past her out into the corridor , followed a moment later by a hesitant beth .
several differently colored rose bushes grew near the buildings , and hammond was suddenly aware that his horse appreciated the smell of them just as much as he did .
there were about a dozen small tables in the place , a comfortable couch , a large round oak table with six wooden chairs around it , a vase of plastic roses in the middle .
that stupid song about roses and their thorns was playing sadly on .
that bitterness i had so long embraced in order to survive the depressing truth burgeoned inside of me sickeningly , like a rose turned black with rot ; it forced a small smile of disgusted disbelief to appear on my face .
i was so proud , so thrilled and you know , just before he turned the hose on you , just before you rent his roses , you looked at me and there was the moon in your eyes , gen , there .
its vitreous luster and translucent faint rose color made him certain it was the mineral quartz .
anthony has trouble with lilacs , iris , whitetop , and roses , though , and i do n't remember what all else .
mattie set the vase of colorful daises on the nightstand near a spray of withering roses .
he d given her a rose three years back , at solstice , and hinted of courtship once she emerged from her apprenticeship .
then , suddenly the room swam and began to look like a field of roses .
a clear vase filled with red roses sat on a marble pedestal beneath the window .
it smelled of roses and cinnamon , caffeine , something dark and musky , sweet - something , and chica bean .
chapter 5 coleen , melody and roses i sat up in bed .
because it 's sunshine and roses with everyone looking at us funny . ''
nick was coming towards us , beaming brightly , holding a rose , his green eyes glowing in the evening sunlight .
of course , he feared the trouble into which i had run was adam with a rose between his teeth and wild , animal sex with me on his mind .
chapter 56 that night juan carlos prepared a romantic meal out on the veranda behind his mothers house and set up stretched out christmas lights and candles around the small table set for two , a single rose lay in the middle .
for us he smiles as he handed her the rose and held out the seat for her .
pastor dave veered off the subject of donuts only once to comment about how well the outdoor roses were doing , how he needed to trim them , and how the usual caretaker had been laid up with gout .
she took the proffered rose and hand , but kept her grip tight on the latter .
the driveway runs through flowery meadows , rose - bushes and sequoias , then the car parks in front of a colonial style building .
a waiter arrives with an enormous bunch of red roses .
chapter twenty - one how she felt when he kissed her like a tub of roses swimming in honey , cologne , nutmeg and blackberries .
a tall girl of broad build who went by the name of rose stared back at her .
her irregular heartbeat pounded against her chest as she squeezed roses forearm .
amelia saw the hint of remorse in roses eyes , and amelia could nt contain the tears that trickled down her cold face .
` ` his first work after he failed the examinations was the infamous black rose of the pleasure quarters , a work in the formal style of the school of heaven- yet utterly daring and original , utterly different .
and i looked at my wife where she was lying beside me , and the rose of that night 's light was gone , and i fell into a sleep with no dreaming , a night - wanderer in the blue falling - away of the bright dawn .
though an aftertaste lingered of coffee and roses i sought out the crossroads to uncover my face .
i went out past the city with a handful of roses and i buried them standing- i was deaf , blind and dumb .
the heavens watched this splendid carcass rot , then open up , just like a rose in bloom .
i am a boudoir full of dusty clothes , and scattered petals from a faded rose , where only pale pastels and yellow prints still hold a touch of some forgotten scent .
he landed as soft as a rose petal on a feather bed and disappeared into the wall once again with nary anyone noticing .
` ` well , life is n't all sunshine and roses when you look under the hood .
` ` the roses this afternoon were quite aromatic .
* * * * after gathering a nice arrangement of roses , avon led jeremy into the kitchen .
my cake will be chocolate with white icing and lots of colorful roses and flowers .
first smashwords edition june 2014 , for more information on tin universe # 17 , the artists who contributed to this book , andtin universecontactsystem*productionsat hangofwednesday @ gmail.com originally published as : the collected 6 quoit # 1 , the darkness bite 1 hell , the original sin 1 paychance opening sunday thoughts , the original sin 3 deeper roses to fall , the original sin 4 voices and bullets , the original sin 5 course change , the turtle edge 1 a selection of spirit- teachers pet , wall bound 6 packers on the first out written and edited bybrian c. williams cover photography by stephanie hamlin cover model work by stephanie hamlin any additional photography by stainless photography cover digital work by 74 images author photo bynancy collins { check original materials for more credits } tin universe # 17 deadline cheat this is the tin univers actually its a few stories from other realities .
deeper roses to fall the original sin 3 the door was fading away but it was not burning away .
today is the cart day celebration and closing out the parade is the young popes who are being pulled by several large horses on a float that looks like a large rose .
mainly those encounters came up roses or at least with a new found interest in once in a life time and never again experiences .
you think mr . david she blushed , roses lighting dusky her cheeks .
sarah could n't get enough of this expansion of vegetal life around her and even with her days of creating transparent roses long behind her she realized that the greater miracle was what they had created here , a planet that was alive and self sustaining , growing and developing its own ways , without human intervention , the way earth had been through the ages .
i noticed how the roses in her garden had bloomed .
the dragons were nt neglected either : roses are red violets are green that s the weirdest dragon i ever done seen !
i looked over the hot house flowers ; tulips , daffodils , lady - slippers , roses , clover , even dandelion weeds which were harvested for food at times , dahlias , hydrangeas and even a few fir trees .
pump her for all of the formulas she remembers , and you and i should come out smelling like roses ! ''
it sparkled off the splashing fountains and glowed in the lush geometrically arranged gardens of roses and flowering trees filling the grand foyer .
solias demanded from the lookout a young chestnut haired cavalier in polished chain mail and a white tunic bearing the symbol of the rose , who wore a great longbow across his back .
her dress looked like it had been made out of the petals of a very large rose .
who could honestly look at a rose and not acknowledge its beauty ?
riley commanded , pointing away from rose .
when she arrived she first talked with rose .
they walked until they could no longer see rose or vann .
there was something in his eyes , similar to when he looked at rose , even though adila looked human to him .
she did not watch him walk away with rose .
and perhaps a part of her understood ; he had nt made a fool of himself for rose , he had nt made any promises to her , he was nt supposed to be finding out if she was planning an invasion .
would you accept roses judgement ?
i will still let rose judge me .
true to her word , adila soon returned with rose .
little white rose buds began to sprout from the plant .
soon green leaves and orange roses were swaying in front of her eyes .
the roses that sprouted from this seed were fantastical , multi - coloured .
the other roses had little odour .
leaves and roses were hanging from her head , obscuring her vision .
and rose , can you get these roses off me now ?
this had not been mr briggs first meeting with rose .
an old tacky print of a yellow vase with a dozen roses graced the far wall near the bathroom door .
the mist came out , smelling of roses , all over my face , my hair and my body .
the roses are in bloom .
i would have loved to see roses , to smell roses , to pick roses , careful that a thorn did nt prick my skin , but that was nt a prisoner privilege , i assumed .
i would have loved to see roses , to smell roses , to pick roses , careful that a thorn did nt prick my skin , but that was nt a prisoner privilege , i assumed .
i would have loved to see roses , to smell roses , to pick roses , careful that a thorn did nt prick my skin , but that was nt a prisoner privilege , i assumed .
she had a bouquet of roses in her hand and sat , just inhaling them .
she placed the roses in them and set the vase on a white table beside her bed .
the roses are beautiful .
i wanted to , and i knew you d probably be curious as to what a rose looks like .
i already knew about roses .
her roses were full and red , smelling lovely .
cass sat down between rose and bledsoe , bit her toenails , pulled her head back to check the accuracy of her nibbles , bit them again .
he nailed a smile to his face with invisible stakes , turned back to rose and said , cass is jealous i did nt take her with me tonight .
she was a thin woman and seemed to be getting thinner for as long as rose could remember .
only then would slocombe rediscover his love for rose , only then would he see how shed selflessly devoted herself to something he loved that lansing did not .
its rose .
if you want in into rose or riflehire ?
he smiled at rose .
she looked up at bledsoe , he nodded , and she stole roses unfinished bird .
it might as well have been in her room on the riflehire flagship ; bledsoe was sitting too close , and roses pride was too strong .
he went through roses backpack for the cleaning tackle , broke down the gun and cleaned it , giving special attention to the rifles bore .
he secured cass gauze with four stripes of medical duct tape , then unbuckled his pants as he moved toward rose .
getting belittled by rose .
consider it a poncho , bledsoe said , putting on the hood and glove he d found in roses backpack .
he could nt wait for that first time , after roses adjustments , that he pranced onto riflehires flagship .
do nt make it necessa lansing jerked roses gun from bledsoe and threw it into the fire .
cullen took the miniature roses from my hand and smelled them .
small , soft , fragile , and scented with a touch of roses , posing my right hand in the air , still .
jeremy looked down to see himself standing on a pad of the most colorful patch of roses .
ivies , climbing roses , or trailing ones and some clematis - like flowers .
-the crystal vase , minute and delicately coloured , blushed with rose .
he now grows roses and writes novels .
in a vast formal park an elegant young lady admired pink bedded roses .
paul snipped an exquisite pink rose ( gloire de rigaudie ) .
he advanced the rose in her focus of vision .
he started treating the roses .
he recalled the tropical garden trompe - loeil on that blind paris wall and imagined an ambitious fresco here depicting the pre - catastrophe lane , paradise regained : denises irises and peach tree and hornbeam hedge resuscitated and denise herself , young , lovely , standing in the open gateway with a proffered rose - cutting and smiling .
marie - louise , albertine , agnes , madame hardy and all his other precious sun - loving old roses ( he called them my ladies ) would take umbrage at the intrusion .
when she coughed he reminded her , as a joke , of the superstition that the shade of the walnut was fatal , not just to roses but to people as well .
in the garden mommas roses were dirty too and momma would try to clean them with the hose but that was bad for the petals , she said .
when sweet doll asked momma what they burned all the time momma would say , i do nt know and talk about her roses .
she had lots of beautiful white roses .
she wore white too and smelled good like the roses .
the chimneys belched black smoke again but they were lucky because for a long time the wind did nt blow it their way and mommas white roses were nice and clean .
a bouquet of roses materialized in calistros right hand .
when vision returned , so he was , free , and with a bonus : the chain transformed into a garland of white roses about his feet .
the garland of roses on the floor was back to chain .
when vision returned the spectators saw , o ! , the last of the glittering dust settling on the azaleas , summoned back from death to glossy green and perfect bloom , settling on the nearly naked girl , whole again , settling on the reborn garland of roses , settling on the inert old man , settling on the wildly tock - ticking clock with its hands whirling counter to future .
the bombs blossomed in their midst like exquisite fast - motion red roses , disposing of them and bringing transient beauty to stony fields , spiky vegetation and surviving mud hovels .
in the following prophetic stanzas , the ardent roses had blazed the trail for schools , hospitals , cinemas , soccer stadiums , correct places of worship and administrative buildings bearing effigies of the supreme guide .
' she comes on like a rose and everybody knows ... . ' the spotlight picks out the next model emerging through the ferns .
florence inspects it closely and when she 's happy it 's all there , she sends jesus out to bury it amongst my roses .
we sit in their garden and make girls talk while zeus tends to his roses .
untold secrets of redwood : roses struggle is a heart stopping tale of tragedy that exposes the carnal nature of a divided family , in a supernatural world .
the bloom was off the rose .
7 ) frog and bone 23 : thorny english roses i was nursing a cup of java at my local startups , not doing much , when a very attractive young woman approached my table and to my utter surprise and astonishment , asked if she could have a word with me .
bonnie dune ruts in the moonlight with a long - haired blue - eyed jesus who has a skull and roses tattoo above his butt .
she murders climbing roses .
she asked me to come in , have a look at her roses , a cup of coffee if i liked .
flowers for you , perfessor , said hanna , a few hours later , with her slovenly grin , shoving a bouquet of red roses at me .
they were rigid long - stemmed scentless roses , like frigid countesses .
he wanted to know , meaning for the roses .
i had nt mentioned her roses .
the name dave and toms was spelled out in entwined roses and lilies .
i called her miss as though i did nt know her and explained : a big bouquet , it had to have fragrance , so none of their roses .
fresh ones , fresh - cut roses for everything .
there s the four seasons , for her of course , mercifully low but perfectly audible , the third cleaning job , the new carpet , the painstaking gilding job on the wooden roses of the oval mirror , what s piled up against a wall , above all what s on the table .
he leaned over and placed the rose in her hands and closed her fingers around it .
the elevator doors opened on the twenty seventh floor and i stepped out into a large room equipped with large banquet tables decorated with fresh roses .
he breathed in the scent of roses .
i wonder what they are called i will have to ask they are roses rings in my mind .
if i became a host , every day i could try something new , and smell the roses .
he was just wearing these old black work boots , jeans , and a dirty ` ` guns n roses '' t - shirt .
underneath the bean pole were a number of blue flowers which looked rather like blue roses .
nobody said life was meant to be easy or a bed of roses .
applause and tears and roses thrown .
i swear , if any of us had had roses , they would have been thrown with gusto at their feet .
order of the rose : forsaken petal by joshua d. hoyt acknowledgments i want to thank my amazing wife who has read and edited the book several times putting in many hours of fixing all the many comma mistakes that i make .
copyright 2014 joshua d. hoyt table of contents : prologue chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 epilogue about the author excerpt from order of the rose : black petal ( book 2 ) prologue : a knock at the front door woke tom from dreams of tiny soldiers battling across a wooden floor .
his only jewel , a red rose hung from a chain around his neck .
tom looked at the rose trying to remember where he had seen it before hello tom , the younger man said , and stepped toward him .
i believe that this belongs to one of the order of the rose .
i m of the order of the rose .
he touched it , wiped away the dust from the cover and saw four roses .
a blue , red , white and brown rose engraved into the old leather stood out as their stems interlaced one with the others .
four roses with their stems interlaced .
the four roses symbolize the four elements of the earth , kristiana said .
john stepped forward and looked at the cover running his hand slowly over the four roses .
it says the order of the rose , founded when the world first formed , contained only a group of men who could manipulate the energies within themselves .
the order of the rose slowly withdrew and those belonging to the forsaken petal worried they would not be able to accomplish their task in time .
the order of the rose acted quickly and mercilessly .
the women became known as witches and were hunted tirelessly , but to the great despair of the order of the rose , they had already grown too powerful and the order too weak .
the one who wrote the book sacrificed his life so that he could write the history of the order of the rose .
the forsaken petal hoped that someday a person would come into the world who would re - establish the order of the rose .
chapter 11 : tom woke , on the morning of his seventeenth birthday , from another nightmare about the order of the rose .
you speak the truth , caspin said , he does have the gift of the old order of the rose .
more specifically , a rose .
cody stepped closer to the rose in the door and examined it .
do you think that this has something to do with the order of the rose ?
the book talked about how the colors of the roses represented each of the elements .
cody jumped away from the door as the rose turned blue .
there were three more clicks and the rose turned from blue to red then white and finally brown .
the wood door had a metal handle with a rose carved into it .
in the center of the table four roses glimmered , one white , one blue , one red , and one brown .
yes and look in the tapestry , there re white , blue , brown and red roses on the men , kristiana added .
aithnea walked to the table and leaned close to a vase that held four roses .
these roses look as if they re still alive .
in all of the five places there were men from each color of the rose but neither group appeared to be winning .
opposite of the door , hanging on the wall , an arrangement of four roses hung : blue , red , brown and white .
the roses shimmered lightly and seemed to be alive .
so it seems that were in one of the places that the order of the rose fought for in the other tapestry , caspin said .
a table set up with twelve chairs around it sat in the center with the same four roses in the center of the table .
remember when we were studying the legends of the order of the rose ?
if this boy is able to control his energy like those of the rose , then we may have a chance .
tom felt uneasy about the plan but knew that it was the only chance they had of finding out more about the order of the rose .
the scent of roses touched his nose and he marveled at the absolute lack of pain in his body .
to some the rose represents the ultimate sacrifice .
he stopped twirling the rose and the color faded .
the real question you need to be asking tom is whether or not you have what it takes to be the rose ?
he closed his eyes and focused on the rose that the man had held and the new found resource of strength surfaced .
the noise of the battle all around him encroached on his concentration but he forced it out and kept the rose in his mind .
around his neck hung a necklace with a red rose attached to it .
if you have enjoyed reading and found order of the rose : the forsaken petal to be enjoyable to read please leave a review on amazon.com by clicking here .
excerpt from order of the rose : black petal ( book 2 ) horses could be heard behind them as they approached the half completed bridge .
click here to purchase order of the rose : black petal beyond the event horizon episode one by albert sartison published by albert sartison at smashwords copyright 2015 albert sartison 1.00 smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook .
delicately perfumed roses in blushing pink hemmed the grassy paths to either side .
he dreamed of ocean water showing three flower plants in the color black rising from water unfurling their petals recognizing them as the dream goddesses on terra spoken to people through dreaming states showing them as always roses rising from the ocean waters .
then they started throwing things ( heavy objects , not roses ) , because that was what lycans would do when they showed appreciation .
so she was particularly dismayed when she walked into the office that thursday morning in mid - august and found a huge bouquet of lilies and white roses and japanese anemone and amaryllis all lavishly adorned with white babys breath occupying half her desk .
reflected sunset flavored her tears with the color of roses .
the hawkinsite did not answer but looked at rose with a slight facial contortion that indicated some emotion which , unfortunately , rose could not interpret .
the hawkinsite looked at rose .
the gardener was waiting for him among the roses , his eyes wide , his lips trembling .
he flourished roses before the peep - hole .
morrison shook his head slightly , ` ` my own breath is n't exactly a bed of roses .
but now the bloom is off the rose .
` ` that which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet .
daneel paused , then said , ` ` i am not certain what is meant by the smell of a rose , but if a rose on earth is the common flower that is called a rose on aurora , and if by its ' smell ' you mean a property that can be detected , sensed , or measured by human beings , then surely calling a rose by another sound combination and holding all else equal - would not affect the smell or any other of its intrinsic properties . ''
daneel paused , then said , ` ` i am not certain what is meant by the smell of a rose , but if a rose on earth is the common flower that is called a rose on aurora , and if by its ' smell ' you mean a property that can be detected , sensed , or measured by human beings , then surely calling a rose by another sound combination and holding all else equal - would not affect the smell or any other of its intrinsic properties . ''
daneel paused , then said , ` ` i am not certain what is meant by the smell of a rose , but if a rose on earth is the common flower that is called a rose on aurora , and if by its ' smell ' you mean a property that can be detected , sensed , or measured by human beings , then surely calling a rose by another sound combination and holding all else equal - would not affect the smell or any other of its intrinsic properties . ''
would anyone worry about which books i viewed , what food i ate , what hour i went to sleep or awoke , whether i was fond of cats or disliked roses ?
her clothes were all effortless style : natural fabrics , black skirt and jacket embroidered with abstract dark crimson roses with a white blouse .
the lighting was all arranged in soft blues and greens , and it made the roses on the vines look black .
when he was about four feet away he stopped , finally looking up from the rose .
my cousin madeline picked up a rose that had been a gift between lovers , and the thorns poisoned her so badly she was in bed for a week .
she had her bored - cop face on as she took in the house , the roses , and the grotesque gargoyles , but i could sense that underneath it she was as intimidated as i had been , and for the same reasons .
the door opened and lara slid out , dressed in a long , loose red skirt and a white cotton blouse with embroidered scarlet roses .
it had a winding guard of silver and white - lacquered steel that covered most of the hand , adorned with single red rose made of tiny rubies .
lara sat at the table , wearing white clothing accented with embroidered red roses .
the by - now - familiar garden landscape stretched out behind them : floral bushes ( roses , he thought ) , rolling lawns , tall trees .
you 're so anxious to prune your roses ! ''
` ` when you get that look on your face , marty , i go prune my roses . ''
daniel bent to his black roses .
` ` that master is going to have trouble if he tries to mess with that big one , '' daniel said , snipping off a ground shoot from the root stock of his roses .
` ` i ' m troubled , tyekanik , '' farad'n said , speaking as they rounded a hedge corner and approached a fountain surrounded by giant black roses .
tyekanik stopped at a stone bench which looked upon the fountain and the giant roses beyond .
the coffee was harah 's work , done just as stilgar preferred it : the beans roasted to a rose - brown , ground to a fine powder in a stone mortar while still hot , and boiled immediately ; a pinch of melange added .
becker pulled a rose from the vase in the center of the room and casually smelled it before letting it fall to the floor .
... and you 'll love it when the roses come in .
` ` the roses ? ''
the room 's pillars were wrapped with white ribbons , and there were various arrangements of flowers - mostly white roses or aberteens .
` ` roses are red , violets are blue .
you are my delicate rose - the most precious thing i have .
my pits smell like roses .
taken by rose .
' that gray one - story building with the hedge of rose - colored calyx with the whorl of green bracts at the base ... that is hazeltine corporation . '
they 're overwatering my roses . ''
she was maybe a rose petal over five feet tall , had blond hair , blue eyes , a pug nose , and nearly invisible freckles .
if the war on lachion let up sufficiently for gunnar - dahlgren to equip a ship in answer to tarn 's plea , enough for rose and doc to take off from treating the wounded , then the outcome must be decided , one way or another .
i already got the gist from rose .
it 's not going to be all sunshine and roses , no matter what chancellor tarn hopes .
` ` rose will worry if i tarry too long . ''
i 'd hate to be in rose 's shoes , left patiently at home , waiting for my man to return .
doc 's dancing with rose .
mostly because i feel sorry for her , i go looking for rose .
even if it 's a strictly working relationship , i ca n't help feeling sorry for rose .
our sister ship does n't require a patch via rose ; they can contact us directly .
through crackles of static , i listen as rose sends the calls through .
along with rose and evie .
i noted , idly , that the stench of stagnant water had vanished , replaced by the quiet , strong scent of roses .
cambodia , colombia , and rwanda most recently , but whether in this century , the wars of the roses or the hundred years ' war , your story is the same stupid little story , told over and over again .
the stars are opening up like roses .
the rose left hawaii on may 29 of this year , and by june 16 it had gotten as far as western samoa in the mid - pacific .
the sun was shining down between the buildings ; the roses were in bloom , beautiful .
come over here and pick a rose . ''
take the rose , and smell it .
evans smelled the rose .
evans turned the rose in his fingers , pretending to examine it .
in fact , he was looking past the rose at the man on the bench .
` ` this gives us title to the vacant lot with the rose in it .
eddie wanted to get the writ of trade to moses carver , if he could , along with the information that his goddaughter , odetta holmes - missing for thirteen years by the summer of 1977 - was alive and well and wanted above all things for carver to assume guardianship , not just of the vacant lot itself , but of a certain rose growing wild within its borders .
` ` the rose is takin care of one beam .
` ` because you boys now own the lot , you own the rose , '' john said .
` ` the tet corporation now owns the rose , '' eddie said .
` ` keep the rose safe , that 's first .
and n'matter how big we grow - or how fast - our three real jobs are the same : protect the rose , protect stephen king , and try to screw over two other companies every chance we get .
from time to time roland 's sigul sent him dreams of a field filled with roses , and a sooty - black tower .
lamia cared not at all for the white circles around flaherty 's eyes and the hard red roses in flaherty 's cheeks .
was it the rose ?
did the rose somehow ...
he has forgotten the rose . ''
now there were torches instead of roses flaring in tammy kelly 's cheeks .
we think we ' ve saved the rose .
but now roland could see blood also darkening the bottom of jake 's shirt and the crotch of his jeans , blooming there like roses .
` ` a rose . ''
it was a field filled with roses she dreamed of , and a huge tower made of slate - black stone standing at the far end .
but god remained deaf to her prayer , jake remained dead , the dark tower remained standing at the end of can'-ka no rey , casting its shadow over a million shouting roses , and in new york the hot summer sun shone down on the just and the unjust alike .
it was n't the dark tower , not his dark tower , at least ( although it would n't have surprised him to know there were people working in yon sky - tower - some of them readers of roland 's adventures - who called 2 hammarskjold plaza exactly that ) , but he had no doubt that it was the tower 's representative in this keystone world , just as the rose represented a field filled with them ; the field he had seen in so many dreams .
in the middle of the square , by itself , was the rose .
this building , all one hundred stories of it , had been built instead , and around the rose .
and what better place for such an encounter than within sight of the rose ?
and if anyone tried to harm the rose ?
and they would converge upon the would - be assassin of the rose .
the rose had been able to protect itself when it had been growing in the trash and the weeds of the vacant lot ( or at least draw those who would protect it ) , and that had n't changed .
the floor was carpeted in a dusky pink shade that exacdy matched the hue of the rose .
the rose was no more a fountain of youth than the turtle in the little pocket park across the street was the real maturin , but did he think it had certain beneficent qualities ?
these three men - carver , cullum , and deepneau - had come togetiier , almost magically , to fight for the rose in their old age .
what roland believed was simplicity itself : the rose had shown its gratitude .
i , the last of what was called among ourselves the ka - tet of the rose , salute you . ''
` ` hile daddy mose , godfather of susannah , dinh of the ka - tet of the rose , i salute you with my heart . ''
` ` we 're well met in the house of the rose !
what was once meant to be the grave of the rose !
engraved upon its gold cover were three objects : a key , a rose , and - between and slightly above them - a tower with tiny windows marching around its circumference in an ascending spiral .
the rose had refreshed her - excited and exhilarated her , as well - but she was still tired .
` ` a rose , '' she said .
so he told her , not failing to include irene tassenbaum 's promise of the rose .
it stood at the far end of can'-ka no rey , the field of roses .
` ` must have set up his easel in the very roses . ''
` ` and do you see the path through the roses that leads to the steps at the base ? ''
then feemalo said , almost apologetically : ` ` the cost might not be so great if one were just to consider this world , which we might call tower keystone , since the dark tower exists here not as a rose , as it does on many , or an immortal tiger , as it does on some , or the ur ? log rover , as it does on at least one- '' ` ` a dog named rover ? ''
the sneetches alone would seek you out and slay you before you 'd crossed halfway through the field of roses . ''
before the tower was the field of roses , can'-ka no rey , dim but still lovely in the shadows .
most of the roses were closed against the coming dark but a few still peeped out like sleepy eyes .
the wallpaper was pink , with green leaves and - what else ? -wild roses .
there were no roses .
each night in her dreams , at least once , she saw the tower in that photograph standing at the end of its field of roses , sooty gray - black stone against a troubled sky where the clouds streamed out in four directions , along the two beams that still held .
the rose was singing .
he peered into the heart of the rose and saw a yellow center so bright he could n't look directly at it .
this was unlike the rose in the vacant lot in one crucial way : the feeling of sickness and the faint voices of discord were gone .
patrick pointed to the grassy area beside the rose , then made eating gestures .
pointed at the rose and made drawing motions .
` ` we 'll have a bite here , then maybe i 'll take me a little siesta while you draw the rose .
looking at that sheaf of shining hair made him miss susannah in spite of the rose 's song .
roland gestured to his pad , then to the rose .
he pointed to the rose , to the pad , to roland , and then to himself .
` ` a picture of the rose for you and one for me .
roland hunkered by the rose , leaning into the soothing power of its song and the blaze of light - healthy light - from its center .
he did n't know for sure what waited for him in the dark tower at the end of the field of roses , but even if he managed to put paid to the crimson king , he felt quite sure that this was his last march .
and , despite the power of the rose , sad .
four he did n't sleep for long before patrick woke him with a child 's enthusiasm to show him the first picture of the rose he 'd drawn - the sun suggested no more than ten minutes had passed , fifteen at most .
patrick had captured the rose almost to the life , even though he had nothing but a pencil to work with .
there were more roses now , dozens scattered on either side of the road and brightening the otherwise dull countryside .
here was a stream that had gone dry , but in its bed grew a riot of those beautiful wild roses .
before making a fire and cooking them an early supper - canned goods from dandelo 's pantry would do well enough tonight , he reckoned - roland went into the dry streambed and smelled the roses , strolling slowly among the dead trees and listening to their song .
eleven as dawn strengthened into the clear light of morning , patrick came hesitantly to where the gunslinger sat in the dry streambed , amid the roses , with oy 's body spread across his lap like a stole .
he put his remaining gun aside ( it lay gleaming between two of the singing roses ) because having it close to hand would n't do , no , not in his current mood .
the overgrown road they follow is lined on either side with the remains of rock walls ; wild roses grow in amiable profusion amid die tumbles of fieldstone .
he looked back down at the road - it was becoming more and more difficult to swerve among the roses without crushing any , although he had managed the trick so far - and then , belatedly , realized what he had just seen .
he looked up again , hearing his neck creak like hinges in an old door , and there , still miles ahead but now visible on the horizon , real as roses , was the top of the dark tower .
the roses nodded their wild heads .
and it 's carried by the roses .
there was a whisding sound , thin at first and then growing , cutting through the combined song of the tower and die roses like the keenest blade ever ground on a wheel dusted with diamonds .
some of them rattled down on the road , but roland saw not a single piece of shrapnel strike so much as a single rose .
they came from the roses of can'-ka no rey , they came from the strengthening beams overhead , they came most of all from the tower itself , that for which he had searched all his life , that which was now in reach ... that which was being held away from him , now , at the last .
he began to understand - and with growing horror - why in his dreams and visions he had always seen himself coming to the dark tower at sunset , when the light in the western sky seemed to reflect the field of roses , turning the whole world into a bucket of blood held up by one single stanchion , black as midnight against the burning horizon .
six he hung on for another hour while the shadows of the bushes and the roses growing near the pyramid lengthened , hoping against hope that someuiing would occur to him , some brilliant idea that would save him from having to put his life and his fate in the hands of the talented but soft - minded boy by his side .
he would die among the roses .
patrick was pointing at the roses .
this time patrick pointed first to the roses , then to the eyes in his picture .
so it has to be you who picks the rose and me who gives you cover . ''
roland calculated the distance to the nearest rose .
these were not ordinary roses .
he put it on , then rested on one knee witfi his remaining gun in his other hand , looking at the nearest rose .
the gunslinger took a deep breath , then leaped from cover and at the rose .
roland closed his mittened right hand around the stem of the rose .
the pain was enormous , but the song of the rose was sweet .
and here came the sneetch that would kill him , blotting out the rose 's song , filling his head and threatening to split his skull .
in the end , the rose tore free of the ground , roots and all .
roland , clutching the rose in his bleeding right hand , rolled onto his back , raised his gun , and waited for the sneetches to make their turn .
` ` so now you have a rose ! ''
ten now roland witnessed an amazing thing : when patrick took the rose , he was n't cut .
he was looking from the rose to his drawing , back and forth with tender calculation .
and the rose sang yes , roland , yes - you 'll have it again .
patrick plucked a petal from the rose , judged it , then plucked another to go with it .
an odd certainty came to roland then : die thorns of diese roses only pricked when their roots still tied the plant to mim , or mother earth .
now two brilliant crimson eyes looked out of patrick 's black - and - white drawing , eyes that had been colored with attar of rose and the blood of eld ; eyes that burned with hell 's own fire .
he watched as roland walked among the roses , and sat shivering in the shadows as roland began to cry the names of his friends and loved ones and ka - mates ; those names carried clear in that strange air , as if they would echo forever .
the song of the roses and the tower had n't ceased , but it had grown low and sleepy , little more than a murmur .
this is the harlem school choir , sometimes called the harlem roses in the post and its rival tabloid , the new york sun .
the roses of can'-ka no rey opened before him in a path to the dark tower , the yellow suns deep in their cups seeming to regard him like eyes .
when the sound of it had died out , the blast of a great horn replied , not from the tower itself but from the roses that lay in a carpet all around it .
that horn was the voice of the roses , and cried him welcome with a kingly blast .
roland had no question that diey had once been an infant 's clout , torn to shreds by a certain petulant interloper , who had then gone out onto the balcony for a look back at the field of roses and found himself betaken .
outside the dark tower , the roses of can'-ka no rey had closed for another day .
it was engraved with a wild rose wound around a revolver , one of those great old guns from his father and now lost forever .
he thought it might be roses .
this is your sigul , whispered the fading voice that bore with it the dusk - sweet scent of roses , the scent of home on a summer evening - o lost ! -a stone , a rose , an unfound door ; a stone , a rose , a door .
this is your sigul , whispered the fading voice that bore with it the dusk - sweet scent of roses , the scent of home on a summer evening - o lost ! -a stone , a rose , an unfound door ; a stone , a rose , a door .
this is your sigul , whispered the fading voice that bore with it the dusk - sweet scent of roses , the scent of home on a summer evening - o lost ! -a stone , a rose , an unfound door ; a stone , a rose , a door .
the delicate stems on the roses bobbed and swayed , as if echoing my nod .
and a rose by any other name , blah , blah , blah .
my hand is lost in his , gently bound , like the tender heart of a rose within the bud , waiting for the rain .
we will prune them back , like my roses , to the very brink of death .
earlier one of the crew had brought a vase of roses and put them on the cabinet behind his desk .
fraffin looked at the roses .
the big round mirror was framed in a wreath of metal roses .
in 1993 , three years before he officially died , he rode in the pace - car at the tournament of roses parade .
he would not tell them , for instance , about c. k. summer 's book , the politics of the jaunt , which contained one section called ` ` the jaunt under the rose , '' a compendium of the more believable rumors about the jaunt .
a world as fresh and new as a rose on the verge of opening !
i am going to see time itself open like a rose on a summer morning .
it was a beautiful and half - wild upland meadow , rife with buttercups and daisies and wild roses .
there are wild roses ; she smells them and feels the sexy , delicate heat of spring now tending toward summer .
they are always seen around that particular gazebo , which is located at the top of a hill and looks down toward a rock wall which is pretty much buried in honeysuckle and wild roses .
for a moment eddie saw a rose - a triumphant rose that might have bloomed in the dawn of this world 's first day , a thing of depthless , timeless beauty .
the rose was gone .
remember the rose ... and remember the shape of the key .
remember the rose .
then he realized that it was not blood he was looking at , but roses .
its base , surrounded by red , shouting roses , was formidable , titanic with weight and size , yet the tower became oddly graceful as it rose and tapered .
the tower was a dark gray exclamation point planted in the earth and rising above the field of blood - red roses .
it would do no good to run from that beast coalescing in the sky above the field of roses ; it would catch him , clutch him , and bear him away .
they were red - red as roses , red as blood .
perhaps it was only the memory of the rose in the fire , and the roses which had blanketed that dream - field in such fabulous profusion .
remember the rose ... and the shape of the key .
not before he got to the deli and used his key to go through the door and into the field of roses .
every step was a step closer to the field of roses and the tower which dominated it .
he thought the shape of the key was buried within it - the key he had seen briefly in the fire before the burning remains of the jawbone had changed again and the rose had appeared .
a little way farther along , another graffito had been spray - painted on the fence - this one in what had once undoubtedly been a bright red but which had now faded to the dusky pink of late - summer roses .
then his eyes fixed upon the rose again , and he realized that it was the real key - the key to everything .
the rose was growing from a clump of alien purple grass .
as jake neared this clump of alien grass , the rose began to open before his eyes .
then the heart of the rose opened for him , exposing a yellow dazzle of light , and all thought was swept away on a wave of wonder .
jake thought for a moment that what he was seeing was only pollen which had been invested with the supernatural glow which lived at the heart of every object in this deserted clearing - he thought it even though he had never heard of pollen within a rose .
he could feel it beating like a sick and dirty heart , warring with the serene beauty of the rose , screaming harsh profanities against the choir of voices which had so soothed and lifted him .
he leaned closer to the rose and saw that its core was not just one sun but many ... perhaps all suns contained within a ferocious yet fragile shell .
there was no curiosity or terror in this gesture ; only a great , inarticulate need to protect the rose .
then he saw the rose , growing in its clump of purple grass , very close to the place where he had fallen .
it 's just a rose .
just a rose after all .
he looked back at the rose .
although there was no breeze , the rose nodded toward him .
do roses bloom at this time of year ?
why would a wild rose grow in a vacant lot , anyway ?
he remained on his hands and knees a little longer , then realized he could stay here looking at the rose for the rest of the afternoon ( or maybe the rest of his life ) and not come any closer to solving its mystery .
he glanced at the board fence ; and the verse of spray - painted dog - gerel seemed to leap out at him , perhaps because the paint was the same color as the rose .
he looked at his father 's flushed cheeks and screaming haircut and wished he was back in the vacant lot , looking at the rose and listening to the choir .
because something was wrong with the rose .
tonight only the rose seemed to matter .
you found the key and the rose , did n't you ?
there was something wrong with that sound , and he thought that what was wrong with the machinery was affecting the rose , or vice - versa .
he had bruised his left side yesterday when he slipped on the bricks and fell , and he had banged his head when he fainted near the rose , but nothing had happened to his knees .
if i stand , if i can be true , i 'll see the rose , he thought as he pushed the button for the elevator .
except jake could no longer remember just how he had found the key and the rose .
a rose is a rose is a rose had been written across the bricks in spray - paint which had weathered to the same dusky - pink shade of the rose which grew in the vacant lot where tom and gerry 's artistic deli had once stood .
a rose is a rose is a rose had been written across the bricks in spray - paint which had weathered to the same dusky - pink shade of the rose which grew in the vacant lot where tom and gerry 's artistic deli had once stood .
a rose is a rose is a rose had been written across the bricks in spray - paint which had weathered to the same dusky - pink shade of the rose which grew in the vacant lot where tom and gerry 's artistic deli had once stood .
a rose is a rose is a rose had been written across the bricks in spray - paint which had weathered to the same dusky - pink shade of the rose which grew in the vacant lot where tom and gerry 's artistic deli had once stood .
it was the voice of the rose .
eddie told of the vision which had come to him when roland threw the jawbone into the fire - the vision of the key and the rose .
he told of his dream , and how he had walked through the door of tom and gerry 's artistic deli and into the field of roses which was dominated by the tall , soot - colored tower .
last of all , he told them again about finding the key and seeing the rose .
` ` i want to stand in that field of roses , and i want to see the tower that stands there .
roland nodded , but eddie did n't see ; he was looking into the depths of the fire , where dozens of roses bloomed and faded in the coals .
large hectic roses rode the wizard 's cheekbones ; his blue - green eyes sparkled with a gusty joy far too wild to be sane ; his blue - black hair stood up in zany clumps like the feathers of a raven ; his lips , lushly red , parted to reveal the teeth of a cannibal .
no drowsing scent of roses , of gardenias .
spiders wove their tiny intricate webs over the iron lace roses .
aunt millie cuts those roses now and then , those roses growing wild out there . '
aunt millie cuts those roses now and then , those roses growing wild out there . '
here were soft - spoken men and women , fine carpets and carved furniture , rich colors and textures , and the perfume of lilies and roses , and people tempering their natural meanness and crude ways .
he loved the flower stands which sold bouquets of red roses for almost nothing , and the fancy stores on union square .
there were flowers strewn all over the ground - big gladiolus and white lilies and long fronds of green fern and even big beautifully formed red roses .
and how lovely it was then , painted a deep violet color with green shutters and the trim all in white and the porch railings painted a shiny black so you could see the cast - iron roses so clearly .
she 'd taken him to the window to wave to old miss belle , who had been cutting back the roses with large wooden - handled shears .
he saw its long dark flank stretching back from the corner ; he saw the unmistakable iron railings with their rose pattern ; he saw the sentinel oaks stretching out their mammoth branches like mighty and protective arms .
and he could trace the old rose pattern in the iron railing .
millie dear and belle , both picturesque if not beautiful old women , tended the few roses growing by the side porch which had been saved from the wilderness that now covered the property from the front fence to the back wall all the family appeared for nine o'clock mass on sundays at the chapel , little deirdre a picture in her navy blue sailor dress and straw hat with its ribbons , carlotta in her dark business suit and high - necked blouse , and the old ladies , millie dear and belle , exquisitely attired in their black high string shoes , gabardine dresses with lace , and dark gloves miss millie and miss belle often went shopping together on iondays , taking a taxi from first street to gus mayer or godchaux 's , the finest stores in new orleans , where they bought their pearl gray dresses and flowered hats with veils , and other genteel accoutrements .
everywhere she looked she saw them , great dazzling sprays of roses , lilies , gladiolus .
they were bringing in more flowers now , little wire trees sprouting red and pink roses amid spikes of shivering fern .
deirdre on the ribbon across the great bouquet of pink roses ... well , what are you waiting for ?
how could that man have been there , and here , and what had all this to do with michael , who had described to her the house with the iron roses in the railings ?
a wreath of roses peered down at him from the satin tester above .
she turned to walk to the front of the house , and for the first time noticed a tall vase of roses on the hall table .
after all , this was a commonplace vase , half filled with fresh water , and these were simply florist roses .
she was not an expert on roses , but were n't they generally smaller than this ?
and look at the sterns , and the leaves ; the leaves of roses were invariably almond - shaped , were they not , and these leaves had many points on them .
no , just unfolding , as roses often do , opening little by little until they fall apart in a cascade of bruised petals .
with a faint smile , she went back to the roses , picked one from the vase , and gently holding it to her lips to feel its silky petals , she went out the front door .
it really was just an enormous rose , and look how many petals , and how strangely confused they seemed .
she savored the sweet perfume for another slow second , and then dropped the rose into the garden as she went out the gate .
at two p.m. the man walked the property with michael for half an hour , pointing out the giant camellias and azaleas , the bridal wreath and the antique roses , all of which could be saved .
it actually ... and then she remembered those roses , those strange large roses on the hall table .
it actually ... and then she remembered those roses , those strange large roses on the hall table .
to make whole leaves sprout from the stem of a dead rose .
nothing natural about those roses .
she remembered those roses again in the vase on the hall table .
a huge fragrant bouquet of pink roses stood on the mantel between the two silver candelabra .
a single rose lay against the pillows , with a bit of ribbon tied to it , and another single candle stood on the small table to the right of the bed .
you mutated the roses . '
like the roses exploding on the ends of their coarsened and darkened stems and the leaves with so many points and tiny veins to them .
there were tiny birds made of real feathers , wooden balls skillfully painted with lavish old roses , china candy canes , and silver - plated stars .
` ` have roses prepared for the end of the recital . ''
listen : i know a bank where the wild thyme blows , where oxlips and the nodding violet grows ; quite over - canopied with luscious woodbine , with sweet musk - roses , and with eglantine : there sleeps titania sometime of the night , lull 'd in these flowers with dances and delight ; and there the snake throws her enamell 'd skin , weed wide enough i will finish ; listen : to wrap a fairy in .
suppose you have a picture of a rose , made up of a million pixels .
they smelled a fragrant odor of roses and oranges .
thomas had told me about white court vampires who had been badly burned by the touch of some wedding rings , or the brush of a sweetheart 's rose .
a waterfall fell from the far wall , into a pool around which grew a plethora of plants , from grass to roses to small trees , forming a surprisingly complex little garden .
' i thought fourth of july was bad , but this was worse , ' rose said .
' of course , ' rose said , ' dodes might also have taken it into that air head of hers to blow off work and go to the auburn mill . '
barbie had no great love for either the endlessly grinning andy sanders or for dodee the dim , who had almost certainly helped her good jfriend angie spread the rumor that had caused barbie 's trouble at dipper 's , but the idea that those body parts ( it was the green - clad leg his mind 's eye kept trying to look at ) had belonged to dodee 's mother ... the first selectman 's wife ... ' [ me too , ' rose said , and put her cigarette out in the ketchup .
five o'clock comes early ' sweetbriar rose did n't open until seven on sunday mornings , but there was prep .
when barbie arrives with rose and anse wheeler ( the restaurant is closed again , will reopen for supper - just cold sandwiches , no grill orders ) , they stare in openmouthed silence .
the cook from sweetbriar rose was right behind him .
they were looking up the street at the town hall , where several people - including all three selectmen and the cook from sweetbriar rose - appeared to be having a conference , ' i wonder what 's that 's about , ' norrie said .
they had been lovers for the last six months , and the bloom was far from off the rose .
11 sweetbriar rose had been extraordinarily busy for a monday morning ... but of course there had never been a monday morning like this in the town 's history .
' sandwiches , ' rose said .
good as n - ' then a black rose began to bloom in front of her eyes and the last of her strength left her legs .
and then , even as her stomach cramped from the water , that black rose began to open in front of sammy 's eyes again .
barbie turned to rose , made a cranking gesture , and she started in again .
are you sure he arrived after rose and anse ?
' i am , because he was n't in roses van .
' holy god , ' rose said .
no matter how shocking the crime , unproved accusations are not enough to excuse the way dale barbara has been treated , or to explain the new police chief 's refusal to answer questions or allow this correspondent to verify that dale barbara is still alive , although the father of dorothy sanders - first selectman andrew sanders - was allowed to not only visit this uncharged prisoner but to vilify him ... ' phew , ' rose said , looking up .
' a near - miss rubs the bad luck off , ' rose said .
' plus , ' rose said , ' if you kill the phones and the internet , no one can tell you or anyone else what he 's doing . '
' julia , my god , ' rose said .
' wonderful that they turned out so quick , ' rose said .
' come home with me , ' rose said .
' you will not , ' rose said .
so far as rose knew , she had nothing to patch up with jackie .
' there 's nothing but reruns of the plane - crash footage , ' rose said .
' if people only go once or twice , they should be okay ' rose had confirmed this for herself , on the internet .
' that 's a slim jim , ' rose said , amused in spite of her nerves .
' you 're a brave girl , ' rose said .
' hurry up , ' rose said .
' you 're probably right , ' rose said .
' let 's go , ' rose said .
the restaurant was open and the wheeler kid was minding the store , but said he had no clue as to where rose might be .
' propane , ' rose said .
my real name is as i give it : louis rosen , which is german for roses .
like ... well , like a rose .
once there had been a deli there - tom and gerry 's , party platters our specialty - but now it was just rubble , and weeds , and broken glass , and ... ... and a rose .
there were roses as one approached the dark tower ; roses by the billion , according to eddie , great bloody acres of them .
there were roses as one approached the dark tower ; roses by the billion , according to eddie , great bloody acres of them .
still , jake suspected that his rose was different even from those ... and that until its fate was decided , one way or the other , he was not done with the world of cars and tvs and policemen who wanted to know if you had any identification and what your parents ' names were .
a sign just inside the arch proclaimed this to be the reinisch rose garden , and there were roses , all right ; roses everywhere .
a sign just inside the arch proclaimed this to be the reinisch rose garden , and there were roses , all right ; roses everywhere .
we 're haunted by roses and trains , he thought .
beyond that one , written in letters the dusky pink of summer roses , was this : see the bear of fearsome size !
then she pointed to the sign standing near the rose and facing second avenue .
directly in its path , the rose nodded its delicate head .
susannah shrieked as the scarlet bulldozer blade bore down on the rose , and eddie grabbed for the fence .
he would vault over it , throw himself on the rose , try to protect it ... ... except it was too late .
and as the shadow of the ' dozer fell over the rose , as the blade tore through one of the posts holding up the sign ( eddie saw coming soon had changed to coming now ) , he realized that the man at the controls was n't engineer bob , either .
the field of roses and the tower ? ''
the threat to the rose . ''
` ` jake saw the rose , roland .
` ` in his when , the when of that particular day , the rose was thriving .
in his hands he held a large bouquet , mostly made up of the wild - flowers that grew out on the drop , but with a scattering of dusky wild roses , as well .
her skin was pale , except for two wild roses - pink , like those in the bouquet he 'd sent her by way of sheemie - glowing high up on her cheekbones .
the floor was scattered with the petals of dead roses .
from its field of roses , the dark tower cries out in its beast 's voice .
` ` like roses .
i dream of them often enough , roses in bloom , and what stands black among em at the end of the world .
now the pink storm is carrying him over blasted mountains , now over a fertile green delta where a broad river runs its oxbow squiggles like a vein , reflecting a placid blue sky that turns to the pink of wild roses as the storm passes above .
` ` it was n't blood but roses , ` ` he tells eddie , susannah , and jake .
as , he supposed , a rose was a rose was a rose .
as , he supposed , a rose was a rose was a rose .
as , he supposed , a rose was a rose was a rose .
as the day when the rose would be plowed under drew nearer ?
and maybe there are roses , too .
and roses - the dusky scent of roses .
and roses - the dusky scent of roses .
there are three more to be told , i think , two set chiefly in mid - world and one almost entirely in our world - that 's the one dealing with the vacant lot on the comer of second and forty - sixth , and the rose that grows there .
the dragons must have scattered from hunger , and likely in all the directions of the rose .
lily was winging in from the other direction , and temeraire hovered aloft ; the reapers in a group had barred every point on the rose .
there were modern roses , exquisitely shaped , and older ones , open like camellias , there were trumpet flower vines , and morning glory , lantana , and the biggest bushes of blue plumbago that i 'd ever seen in my life .
her robes were a deep rose color , with rich sleeves buttoned over an undertunic of what appeared to be gold thread .
the marquis de carabas put his hand into an inside pocket and produced , like a magician producing a rose from thin air , the black animal figure he had taken from portico 's study .
under the hammer blows it changed from a shapeless blob of orange metal into a perfect black rose .
hammersmith dipped the rose into a bucket of cold water beside the anvil : it hissed and steamed .
` ` you birds do n't smell like flipping roses , neither . ''
they smiled at the dried brown thing that had once been a white rose , and clucked over the menu and the invitation .
the brown hair curls around her fare , roses twining about a bower .
when he opened the window , the air smelled of roses , and the sea .
atop the last dune small yellow roses grew in a thick carpet , their soapy fragrance mingling with the salt breeze .
he was young and bespectacled , and he was reading a paperback novel with a rose and a gun on the cover .
the scent of pine and ... roses filled my nose .
i 'd call him roses .
` ` the others did n't act this way , '' roses said .
` ` all right , you three , '' roses said .
` ` since you 're so eager to speak , '' roses said , ` ` you can go first , phoenix .
` ` you 'll wear it until you 're deemed worthy to take it off , '' roses said .
i asked , even though roses had already told me i 'd be interviewed .
deep voice , roses , and the woman .
` ` again with the so , '' roses muttered .
` ` i do n't think any more are necessary , '' roses said with finality .
immediately after issuing that eerie ` ` welcome '' -that was n't really a welcome with the ` ` for the moment , anyway '' attached - sunglasses motioned for roses to usher me into another all - white cell , this one empty , devoid of even the circular table .
better , even , than roses .
a young girl was ushered inside the room by roses .
most girls would have gotten a rose or a butterfly on their back or ankle .
trees and roses flourished throughout the manicured lawn .
ashley felt like a piece of granite next to a rose .
but there were signs of the warmer weather to follow in the blooming wildflowers all around : blue jacob 's ladder , yellow fireweed , bloodred wild roses , and purple violets .
the horizon flared up in a rose of flame and swirling snow .
from the height of the jungle road , a coral reef could be seen in the shallows circling the small island , mottling the blue waters in hues of rose and jade .
brilliant hues glowed from the hearts of the caldrons : fiery oranges , magentas , dark roses .
the entire street ahead looked overgrown and forgotten , densely forested with beech and birch , thick with broad - leaf bushes and tangles of wild roses .
she smelled only a hint of roses and disinfectant .
across the bed , the covers were finely textured brocade ; above the headboard , an old tapestry hung ; on the mantel over a fireplace , a crystal vase of fresh - cut roses sat beside an eighteenth - century gold clock with a thick marble base .
the blue pigments came from crushed mollusk shells , the reds from pressed rose madder , as had been originally done in the sixteenth century .
baked red tiles lined the grounds , amid raised beds of roses , trimmed hedges , and artfully arranged perennials .
vases of miniature island roses decorated the room , while a mozart sonata whispered softly from hidden speakers .
the lobby was bright with marble and polished woods , perfumed by large flowering displays of roses , orchids , jasmine , and lotus .
painter leaned against the door frame , holding a paperwrapped bundle of yellow roses , her favorite .
painter replaced some wilting flowers with his roses .
the lily and the rose .
in the case of urban viii - who was born five centuries after malachy 's death - the pope was named ` ` the lily and the rose . ''
the skies had shed the rose of dawn for the deeper blue of morning .
a path led alongside the entry road , winding through manicured hedgerows , small burbling fountains , and perfumed beds of blush - pink roses .
if it turns out to be a dozen long - stemmed roses , i do n't want to be there when naomi finds out .
holden sucked it in like it was roses .
he could n't see the gas , but he suddenly smelled something like roses and lilac and lavender .
they approached the dead roses and began healing them with glittering flashes .
the housekeeper knelt in the mud beside a bush blossoming with large blue and white roses , absolutely soaked , apparently weeding .
she imagined lifting a bouquet of red roses and smelling them , even though she had no idea what roses smelled like .
she imagined lifting a bouquet of red roses and smelling them , even though she had no idea what roses smelled like .
but , in some great confluence of chance and destiny , as my erotic star fell , duncan 's rose , and shone all the more passionately , as his ardor - unlike mine - was directed toward one person : mary sabon .
she was in her marble - walled garden tending roses when i arrived .
she said , cutting a rose and handing it to me .
it was a white rose , but not entirely .
my roses have seen to that . '
' you would n't believe how big a rose - bush can get if you encourage it just a bit , and i had lots of roses planted around the house .
' you would n't believe how big a rose - bush can get if you encourage it just a bit , and i had lots of roses planted around the house .
we might have a little trouble persuading some girl to break through a rose thicket to get to him . '
pol 's manor - house in north central sendara is very much like that - except that her thicket has roses all over it .
beldaran and i were probably not going to spend our time shooting arrows at the roses in the garden below , so our windows were broad and quite tall .
we left the room arm in arm and strolled down an airy corridor that ran along the garden side of the citadel , pausing now and then to admire the roses .
' just to save some time here - ' i held out my hand with the rose lying on my palm .
when the buds opened , each new rose was of a different color .
there are a lot of weeds in this garden , but i 'll get them all pulled out so that the beds are ready for the roses . '
the first of the borunes was as passionate as i was about roses , and he spent several hours each day in his garden .
he was a philosopher , a rose fancier , a poet , and a lutanist of the first magnitude .
moreover , his enthusiasm for roses at least equaled my own .
i carefully cut one of my favorite roses and held it up for him to see .
we talked of roses and only intermittently of the mobilization as the gentle evening slowly grew darker and the stars came out .
radishes and beans are n't as pretty as roses , but they taste better , and if you can grow roses , you can certainly grow vegetables .
radishes and beans are n't as pretty as roses , but they taste better , and if you can grow roses , you can certainly grow vegetables .
what better way to conceal and protect my house than to bury it in roses ?
i set to work the following morning ' encouraging ' my rose - bushes to expand and encroach on the fair meadow that stretched on down to the lake .
it was almost midnight when squire waded across the river just to the south of my house , and we rode on up to the edge of the thicket and on along the narrow path the roses had opened for us .
i 'd visited it any number of times since i 'd buried it in roses , and it 'd always seemed almost unbearably lonely .
' to a place where there are roses , ' i said , smiling .
then i went back to my family , asked the roses to make way for us , and we all went on to the manor house .
and so , though it withers my soul to admit it , our years among the roses had only one purpose - to give geran and his wife time to grow old and die .
if you cultivate money - prune it , water it , and fertilize it - it 'll grow for you the same as roses or radishes will .
then he sadly buried his friend near the stone wall in my garden , and he transplanted a pair of rose - bushes to mark the spot .
you would not believe how big those bushes grew or how beautiful the roses were .
this ' bhelliom ' we are told , is a very large sapphire which was laboriously carved into the shape of a rose at some time in the distant past .
sarsos , on the other hand , smelled of trees and roses .
` ` and adara 's rose ! ''
beyond the edge of the demon - created vortex , a single rose bobbed to the surface .
the single rose that had floated to the surface of the harbor , however , had begun to glow with a strange blue light .
ce'nedra calls the flower ' adara 's rose , ' and ariana thought it might have some medicinal value , even though we ' ve never been able to find anything it cures .
to protect itself , it hardened its essence of blue into the sapphire - which ghwerig later carved into the shape of a rose .
the rose flickered sullenly .
the rose grew dark , and he could feel its hatred .
god 's great flower - garden needs a few weeds to offset the splendour of the roses .
ghwerig not dead , and his rose come home at last . ''
when at last the carving was done , the gem was in the shape of a rose of deepest sapphire blue .
did you do the one about the simple daisy being as beautiful in the eyes of god as the rose ? '
' the legends say that it 's a very large sapphire carved in the shape of a rose it 's supposed to have the power of the troll - gods in it . '
then the sun rose in stately magnificence , touching the sky with rose - tinted crimson .
he lapsed once more into moody silence , staring with unseeing eyes at a bed of crimson roses .
we could call it ' adara 's rose , ' and sick men would bless your name forever . ''
` ` it does n't exactly look like a rose , ce'nedra , '' adara pointed out .
` ` i ' m supposed to be a queen , after all , so if i say it 's a rose , then it 's a rose , and that 's that .
` ` i ' m supposed to be a queen , after all , so if i say it 's a rose , then it 's a rose , and that 's that .
durnik , however , did not give her the rose yet .
he held out the rose in his hand , and his face took on an expression of intense concentration .
aunt pol gasped as she stared incredulously at the rose .
durnik , looking just a bit embarrassed , touched the rose with a tentative finger .
curiously it inspected the rose , dipped its beak into a dew drop , and then it lifted its head and began to sing a trilling little song .
the voices of the young men were very sweet , and the ladies would sigh and throw bright red roses over the wall to them .
his mantle was a pale rose color with silver trim at the hem and around the sleeves to indicate his rank .
the queen looked at the rose doubtfully and cupped it between her two hands .
setting aside the fact that roses do not bloom in the winter , how had aunt pol known that islena would present her with that green jewel and therefore prepared the rose in advance ?
he deliberately avoided the idea that his aunt had simply created the rose on the spot .
the chamber smelled like age , roses , and darjeeling tea .
lord belmont and lady isabella cosgrove - pitt extend a cordial invitation to the king and queen of the roses ball wednesday , the 15th of may , 1889 at eight o'clock in the evening beneath the stars cosgrove terrace st . james park i read the words thrice , turned the card to the reverse , and found nothing remarkable but for the small beetle drawing .
` ` the roses ball is the event of the season , and only the creme de la creme would be invited . ''
even from where i stood , i could see glittering gold streamers and bunting , and hundreds of bloodred roses in vases , clustered on trellises and attached to potted trees .
a huge cluster of potted topiaries festooned with rich red roses mingled with some of the painted trees .
they wore gold jackets with a rose on each lapel .
chin still firmly in the air , i made my way along the perimeter of the room , skirting past topiaries and innumerable roses .
after all ... what can one expect from such a production as the roses ball when one is a young and single female ?
i launched into an explanation of the events surrounding the roses ball and our unexpected adventure .
miss stoker miss stoker goes hunting miss holmes did n't contact me the day after the roses ball .
` ` i was under the impression you had n't received an invitation to the roses ball , evaline .
as he lowered the mug , i asked , ` ` why were you at the roses ball , sneaking around in lady cosgrove - pitt's- '' he covered my hand with his and squeezed , silencing me .
and then there was the fact that , apparently , miss hodgeworth had received an invitation to the roses ball .
unlike when we attended the roses ball , this time miss holmes had n't given me any indication of how she expected to proceed .
this was a different entrance than the one we 'd used during the roses ball , but just as grand .
the sweet rose - colored juice had stained the waferlike bread and wrappings , and a pink raisin plopped onto the ground as he took another bite .
although she was perfectly groomed in a fresh lemon - colored daydress and a particularly fetching bonnet with yellow roses that matched her ever - present gloves , miss adler appeared even more weary than she had on the day we visited princess alexandra .
the gate led us into a tunnel - like entrance made of ivy and climbing roses so thick it would have been dark inside without the small lights .
in highgarden there are fields of golden roses that stretch away as far as the eye can see .
promise me , she had cried , in a room that smelled of blood and roses .
his plate was intricately fashioned and enameled as a bouquet of a thousand different flowers , and his snow - white stallion was draped in a blanket of red and white roses .
to the other maidens he had given white roses , but the one he plucked for her was red .
she inhaled the sweet fragrance of the rose and sat clutching it long after ser loras had ridden off .
ned saw she was wearing the rose that ser loras had given her yesterday .
he wore pale blue silk , his belt a linked chain of golden roses , the sigil of his house .
he even looked a true hero , so slim and beautiful , with golden roses around his slender waist and his rich brown hair tumbling down into his eyes .
ned stark thought of pale blue roses , and for a moment he wanted to weep .
she wore a garland of pale blue roses , and her eyes wept blood .
he could see it still : a crown of winter roses , blue as frost .
she had loved the scent of winter roses .
he marches up your road of roses toward the very same great city we were speaking of . ''
the golden rose of highgarden was seen everywhere : sewn on the right breast of armsmen and servants , flapping and fluttering from the green silk banners that adorned lance and pike , painted upon the shields hung outside the pavilions of the sons and brothers and cousins and uncles of house tyrell .
it was soft gold , a ring of roses exquisitely wrought ; at the front lifted a stag 's head of dark green jade , adorned with golden eyes and golden antlers .
a crest of golden roses ran down the center of his helm .
the other gave answer with his morningstar , but whenever the ball came crashing in , ser loras interposed his battered green shield , emblazoned with three golden roses .
for the sweet , lord caswell 's servants brought down trays of pastries from his castle kitchens , cream swans and spun - sugar unicorns , lemon cakes in the shape of roses , spiced honey biscuits and blackberry tarts , apple crisps and wheels of buttery cheese .
he had replaced his tattered tourney cloak with a new one ; the same brilliantly striped silk of renly 's rainbow guard , clasped with the golden rose of highgarden .
as he rode past a lightning - blasted chestnut tree overgrown with wild white roses , he heard something rustling in the underbrush .
all the colors that had been missing from vaes tolorro had found their way to qarth ; buildings crowded about her fantastical as a fever dream in shades of rose , violet , and umber .
` ` i had a friend at the citadel who could pull a rose out of your ear , but he was no more magical than i was .
the crown of golden roses girded his temples , jade stag 's head rising over his forehead , long black hair spilling out beneath .
he could walk across hot coals and make burning roses bloom in the air , but he could no more aspire to climb the fiery ladder than a common fisherman could hope to catch a kraken in his nets . ''
` ` long have we awaited you , '' said a woman beside him , clad in rose and silver .
` ` now as it happened the winter roses had only then come into bloom , and no flower is so rare nor precious .
so the stark sent to his glass gardens and commanded that the most beautiful o ' the winter roses be plucked for the singer 's payment .
be that as it may , what 's certain is that bael left the child in payment for the rose he 'd plucked unasked , and that the boy grew to be the next lord stark .
she told me a story ... ` ` ` ` ... of bael the bard and the rose of winterfell .
the slim , sad girl who wore a crown of pale blue roses and a white gown spattered with gore could only be lyanna .
he fastened about the throat of each a chain of roses wrought in soft yellow gold , from which hung a golden disc with the lion of lannister picked out in rubies .
` ` the roses support the lion , as the might of highgarden supports the realm , '' proclaimed joffrey .
when the herald called , ` ` lord petyr baelish , '' he came forth dressed all in shades of rose and plum , his cloak patterned with mockingbirds .
long before they were upon it , he knew that it stood abandoned , its weathered stones overgrown with climbing roses .
there 's thousands of tyrell men swaggering about with little golden roses sewn on their doublets , and not a one is buying his own wine .
her mother and grandmother followed close behind , riding in a tall wheelhouse whose sides were carved into the shape of a hundred twining roses , every one gilded and shining .
the only spot of color on him now was the brooch that clasped his cloak ; the rose of highgarden wrought in soft yellow gold , nestled in a bed of delicate green jade leaves .
on the edge of the yard , a lone knight with a pair of golden roses on his shield was holding off three foes .
you gave me a rose .
you threw white roses to the other girls that day . ''
he is only being kind to me , he does n't remember me or the rose or any of it .
outside its tall carved doors stood two guards in gilded halfhelms and green cloaks edged in gold satin , the golden rose of highgarden sewn on their br**sts .
` ` yes , all the lannisters are lions , and when a tyrell breaks wind it smells just like a rose , '' the old woman snapped .
she remembered ser loras in his sparkling sapphire armor , tossing her a rose .
there were wild roses as well , and towering thorny hedges , and a boggy spot where cranberries grew .
so my father decided to nip the rose before it bloomed . ''
a thousand golden roses streaming in the wind , queen margaery 's shy smile and soft words , her brother the knight of flowers with the bloody linen around his temples .
` ` roses from lower on the bush , '' quipped elinor , who was witty and willowy .
joff might restrain himself for a few turns , perhaps as long as a year , but soon or late he will show his claws , and when he does ... the realm might have a second kingslayer , and there would be war inside the city , as the men of the lion and the men of the rose made the gutters run red .
` ` i will not have the rose and the direwolf in bed together , '' declared lord tywin .
he turned toward the sound , but within ten paces he was in a dead end , facing a blank wall of rose and white flowstone .
the rose and the lion joined there , to shatter stannis baratheon 's host and burn his fleet to ashes . ''
and then there are the roses .
fifty , sixty , seventy thousand roses , in the city or camped outside it , i ca n't really say how many are left , but there 's more than i care to count , anyway . ''
should the roses seek to hinder me i 'll gladly trample them underfoot . ''
ser loras tyrell gave her a rose . ''
the stone itself was cracked and crumbling at the corners , discolored here and there by spreading white splotches of lichen , while wild roses crept up over the king 's feet almost to his chest .
waspwillow , dusky roses , wild mint , lady 's lace , daggerleaf , broom , prickly ben , harpy 's gold ...
the sun was coming up behind them , and she watched them go from black to grey to a thousand shades of rose and gold and crimson .
as renly 's widow , she might have worn the baratheon colors , gold and black , yet she came to them a tyrell , in a maiden 's cloak made of a hundred cloth - of - gold roses sewn to green velvet .
` ` a rose of gold '' was for the tyrells , no doubt , as ` ` the rains of castamere '' was meant to flatter his father .
they will know about the rose , she told lord selwyn , they will laugh at me .
our little rose has a good many ladies waiting attendance on her , night and day .
before she could rescue her son from the roses , the press brought her face - to - face with her uncle .
` ` perhaps you miss your autumn roses .
margaery had brought a great bouquet of golden roses .
she remembered a day at evenfall , and a young knight with a rose in his hand .
he brought the rose to give to me .
a few more days , and the only roses left in king 's landing will be margaery and her ladies and a few guardsmen . ''
cersei had learned suspicion at her father 's knee ; this could well be some trap , a lie meant to sow discord between the lion and the rose .
the knight of flowers was in white silk , with a belt of golden roses about his waist and a jade rose fastening his cloak .
cersei had uprooted every rose , and all those beholden to her uncle and her brothers .
this time ser ronnet held a sword and not a rose .
he 'd never courted her , had hardly looked at her at all , but he bore three golden roses on his shield that day , and brienne hated roses .
he 'd never courted her , had hardly looked at her at all , but he bore three golden roses on his shield that day , and brienne hated roses .
he should have plucked the rose by now .
a rose of jade and gold clasped ser loras 's white cloak at the shoulder , and the wind was riffling artfully through his brown locks .
their smiles withered like roses kissed by frost .
ronnet had a rose between his fingers .
` ` they like the smell of roses but have no love for lions , '' jaime observed .
i gave her a rose and told her it was all that she would ever have from me . ''
had that doddering old worm forsaken the lion for the rose ?
by now the both of them are safe in highgarden , hidden away behind a wall of roses .
roses streamed upon her banners ; fore and aft a white rose upon a red escutcheon , atop her mast a golden one on a field as green as grass .
the white roses drew back , as men always did at the sight of victarion greyjoy armed and armored , his face hidden behind his kraken helm .
` ` you of the rose !
the white roses were falling back before the iron tide .
` ` soon enough all the power of the reach will be marshaled against us , barber , and then you may learn that some roses have steel thorns . ''
all of it came pouring out of brienne then , like black blood from a wound ; the betrayals and betrothals , red ronnet and his rose , lord renly dancing with her , the wager for her maidenhead , the bitter tears she shed the night her king we d margaery tyrell , the melee at bitterbridge , the rainbow cloak that she had been so proud of , the shadow in the king 's pavilion , renly dying in her arms , riverrun and lady catelyn , the voyage down the trident , dueling jaime in the woods , the bloody mummers , jaime crying ` ` sapphires , '' jaime in the tub at harrenhal with steam rising from his body , the taste of vargo hoat 's blood when she bit down on his ear , the bear pit , jaime leaping down onto the sand , the long ride to king 's landing , sansa stark , the vow she 'd sworn to jaime , the vow she 'd sworn to lady catelyn , oathkeeper , duskendale , maidenpool , nimble dick and crackclaw and the whispers , the men she 'd killed ... ` ` i have to find her , '' she finished .
i am awash in roses .
from blue roses , no doubt .
` ` he will bring a rose for you , '' her father promised her , but a rose was no good , a rose could not keep her safe .
` ` he will bring a rose for you , '' her father promised her , but a rose was no good , a rose could not keep her safe .
` ` he will bring a rose for you , '' her father promised her , but a rose was no good , a rose could not keep her safe .
but her tongue lay on the floor by the rose , drowned in blood .
a red sun rose and set and rose again , painting the snows in shades of rose and pink .
` ` he had a rose on his shield , the man who gave this to me .
we were jousting before some great lord , riding crunch and pretty pig , and men were throwing roses at us .
it 's a simple rose knot , something any worker would use .
` ` roses !
odelette dabbed essence of roses behind marie - josephe 's ears and on her throat and between her breasts .
a pungent and musky odor obliterated the fragrance of roses .
` ` i beg your pardon , monsieur - but my nose is filled with the scent of roses , and i can not compare another fragrance . ''
` ` if you intended to drive me away , '' chartres said , ` ` you might as well have pelted me with roses . ''
` ` sherzad is less grotesque than i , '' count lucien said , his voice like a rose : perfect , beautiful , hiding thorns .
she put the rose in her mouth , chewed it and swallowed it .
petals of roses had been sprinkled as a welcome gesture .
the room was dimly - lit , with the light scent of roses .
when she left the confessional she felt so light that it was almost as if she could fly and there was a heavenly scent of roses so strong it almost made her dizzy .
they say his stigmata smelled like roses .
gladys dutifully leafed through a catalogue until she came to an arrangement of sweetheart roses and babys breath .
stacy took the rose and drank in its heavenly scent .
he gave a low whistle as he handed her this time the full dozen roses .
your baby probably wo nt have the difficulties reecie has , but even if she does , i promise you -- roses words could not be more certain , you will not regret having this child .
the first thing she saw were the roses he had given her in various stages of decay .
when stacy was getting ready to go to work that afternoon , she glanced out the back window and saw the roses scattered where she had thrown them two days ago .
arthur was on time and had brought her a wrist corsage made of white roses and emerald carnations .
behind the sofa was a drawing of a rose that i found in one of our homes , it looked like the one off beauty and the beast , with a glass case around it .
` ` dad , was it the day we put in the roses for mom ? ''
the sweet scent of the red roses with baby breath fills my nostrils .
he smiled at me and slowly pulled his hand from behind his back , revealing a bouquet of yellow roses .
as i reached down to grab her collar , i noticed that the air had a strong scent of roses .
tulu giggles with a girly tone and closes her eyelashes then feels the tinkling warmth , the rapidly coolness , opening her eyelashes and views the pink open - toed leather foot sandal with the three - inched heel and a single pink rose - shaped flower bundled at her pinky toe .
claps invade the quiet room as vovina vainly stands with arms outstretched for her fake roses .
kiwi petites at five feet and four inches , wearing a yellow bright loose fitted floor - length dress with colors of blue , red , green , orange , pink , purple , silver , and gold geometric shapes presented in four blocks : one block of squares , a second block of circles , a third block of wavy horizontally lines , and a fourth block of tear drops encompassing the length from the straight neckline to the fluttering squared hemline , shows off her bright red rose designs on her sandals .
taffy gingerly touches the square wooden oak chop block , sitting quietly on the high - back padded chair of pink and red roses , scanning the still and empty room .
hundreds of roses beautifully view in eye balls , and sweetly sweet in nose holes from lilac dog roses to orange , yellow , and white small cabbage roses , and pink , red , crimson , and mauve garden roses which are really thorny plants used as an excellent perimeter defense for any lawn or yard area from trespassers of the human - kind or mammal - kind .
hundreds of roses beautifully view in eye balls , and sweetly sweet in nose holes from lilac dog roses to orange , yellow , and white small cabbage roses , and pink , red , crimson , and mauve garden roses which are really thorny plants used as an excellent perimeter defense for any lawn or yard area from trespassers of the human - kind or mammal - kind .
hundreds of roses beautifully view in eye balls , and sweetly sweet in nose holes from lilac dog roses to orange , yellow , and white small cabbage roses , and pink , red , crimson , and mauve garden roses which are really thorny plants used as an excellent perimeter defense for any lawn or yard area from trespassers of the human - kind or mammal - kind .
hundreds of roses beautifully view in eye balls , and sweetly sweet in nose holes from lilac dog roses to orange , yellow , and white small cabbage roses , and pink , red , crimson , and mauve garden roses which are really thorny plants used as an excellent perimeter defense for any lawn or yard area from trespassers of the human - kind or mammal - kind .
she fondly thinks of yesterdays in south beach before the honeysuckle ball at her daddys farm when baycliff would bring her a handful of wild pink roses ( without cow drool ) .that he had collected around the cow pastures during his visual inspections of the baby calves and loose fence posts .
they say that a single butterfly symbols the one persons soul while a large numbers of butterflies are viewed as a set of bad omens as taffy giggles at the silly superstitions then gently flings her arms in the wind while the butterflies flutter away towards the pretty garden roses .
pemona stands , twisting her lips , funny then rotates her neck muscles around the woody floor while noting there s no sight of nice or mean teens then strolls three steps , dropping the gourd to grass and leans carefully into first bush of full blooming cabbage yellow roses , touching gingerly the soft silky petals , smiling innocently at the tender gesture that reminds her of home in south beach with her parents and baby sister .
pemona babies her arm , holding the batch of prettily de - thorned roses inside the overflowing gourd , staring beautifully at acres of pink , yellow , and red flowered honeysuckle vines pouring over miles of green landscape while she sighs then breathes , deeply , missing the faint whistling sound , and swiftly feels a sharp pain attack her earlobes once the brain stem senses the sensation .
remember , that honeyberry batch over mamas prized carolina roses .
baycliff neck snaps his skull to the flower garden , jabbing a dirty finger nail at the disorganized batches of pretty roses , shuffles his cowboy boots in a half - circle , moving closer to the rose garden as mccamy follows , hypostasizing .
garden roses in the middle of a forest , ill be around never seen thisever .
different varieties , colors , sizesya got dog roses , carolina roses , and cabbage roses .
different varieties , colors , sizesya got dog roses , carolina roses , and cabbage roses .
different varieties , colors , sizesya got dog roses , carolina roses , and cabbage roses .
mccamy parks his hands on his waist , eye burning the thorns then the roses back to the thorns , pondering deeply baycliffs english words : hiding something .
baycliff and i pair our sharp minds and tender hearts in togetherness figuring out our roles in my majestic plot using our wickedly humor , playfully banter , soft whispers , warm hands , and thoughtful gifts of stolen wild roses and stolen homemade sweet treats from his mamas kitchen counters .
baycliff covers her bare naked shoulders with his right white - sleeved bicep over amitas black tight and tiny waist hour glass corset with a string of blood red tiny roses lining the lace over her breasts .
taffy whines as she suddenly stops , turning into the big space with a living set of long sofa and two matching loveseats which are colored in vines of red roses with green leaves over a crme beige background fabric as she enters and stares at the gathered teens standing in the middle of the room as baycliff , amita , and hico follows behind her .
she models her black lace glovettes , her three caret fake diamond engagement ring on her left hand , bare naked black tight tiny waist hour glass corset with a string of blood red tiny roses lining the lace over her breasts , no jacket and a diamond necklace and solid black mini - tea topper hat slid down over her face left side as the black veil covers her left eyeball .
the thin patches of black grass , tall dark purple weeds , and gray wild flowers growing on the ground is creepy , since the color dances funky in the harsh wind , when i compare to the rosy red roses , cherry pink tulips , and white dogwoods flowers lounging beautifully around my house .
we sit prettily at the solo yellow table with a clear vase of bright pink roses .
i view the roses then the sky , then the concrete pavement strolling along with her while trying to ponder another non - criminal solution .
my tele - sight has noted with mystery that pbot has replaced all the burnt dummies with a harem of new models and zips back to roses side .
the pretty red waves have beautifully destroyed the flora garden of roses , tulips , daisies , tall green fern plants , shaded overgrown old trees , and funny animal shaped bushes .
i immediate sniff the odors of sweet honeysuckles , ripped strawberries , and fresh flower fragrances , walking down the yellow - colored brick road lining with shaded trees that dance over the zillion flowers of roses , daisies , lilies , marigolds , and violets as tiny brown squirrels peek and boo along our path towards the house .
her hair is pull back into a tight bun on the crown of her skull like an old spinster maid , while she carries a big spread of white roses between her ten finger pads .
the walls hang with a series of long swirling and twirling plant vines of red roses from the ceiling , draping down to the flooring tile , and then over the tile in tiny individual red rose petals .
i view my tiny ten toes swimming in loose soft red rose petals , smelling with my nose holes the sweet aroma of roses .
two dish platters holds two meats , two fishes , two vegetables , two fruits , and two bread rolls under the two glass - covered white steam flowing platters complete with a circular chocolate cake with bunches of cute chocolate roses on top of the first tier between our plates .
however , the pretty wedding altar nicely decorates in white flowers , consisting of roses , carnations , lilies , tulips , irises , and other perfumed flowers that i do nt care to research for their scientific names .
wbot places a very large piece of chocolate cake covered with the cute white roses from the top tier of the circular dessert in front of me as i smell and see the lovely site of heavenly delight .
i un - pack my limited possessions and stuff the items into the small two drawers on the small mirrored chest then gracefully pirouette to the great big nice room with my own private terrace and solo entrance into my personal rose gardens and best of all the assets a locked door knob as i giggle , living the princess life during the day and a thief at night .
the candy pink slip dress wears a two feet trainnawi drag a two feet train behind my ass with that matches the prettily arm bouquet of pink rosebuds that cut into my left forearm since some asshole forget to trim three of the roses green pointy thorns but do nt worry my skin eat them .
then , the white lid drops to the floor as the hidden item is a bouquet of strong powerful fragranced wild roses that colors in purple and orange flowers freshly plucked from the rose gardens outside the royal castle .
i love the smell and beauty of the flowers then rann purchases thirteen baskets of pink shaded roses for me .
her top and bottom lip paints wine - color that matches her finger nails and toenails around the strappy designer high - heeled sandals while apple cheeks crease in rose - color and eyebrows dust in gold , blue , and green shimmery powder that enhance her light brown eyeballs that flecks sometimes with the proper light in golden flakes .
i puzzle with curiosity as i march around the dark corner , seeing the bright overhead lights illuminate the floor , and view blade sitting comfortably upon a beaten rose flower designed beige sofa with his propped bare feet and toes in the air without the use of a foot stool .
drake softly details like a set of butterfly wings closing his eyelids , smelling her sweet fragrance of roses , grinning with a toothy smile .
mella , your lips are softer than roses .
then , daniel suddenly stops struggling against her wing cocoon , allowing a blanket of maroon heat to cover him like a bed of thorny stemmed roses .
she holds upright the freshly snapped stemmed and de - thorned red roses which are loosely bundled and tied with a purple ribbon .
i quickly collapse into darkness then i awake in heaven on bed of white roses , feeling numb .
well , the rose you swiped is happy , also .
that rose will live for decades to come .
i lovingly admire the finger painting job of pink wild roses with short four - leaves and long green stems that i have colorfully etched from the tip to my shoulder fabric to the top of my hip on my white battle vest using my angel - magical finger nails since i bore easily .
she stashes the straight sword inside the white leather long pouch on her back muscles and impatiently waits for the advancing teen angel while chase admires the delicate finger painting job of pink wild roses with short four - leaves and green stems etched from tip to shoulder of her white battle vest using her magical finger nails .
music from guns n roses from the 1980s song paradise city playing over the hidden audio speakers behind the 24 doors .
i entered the tiny park with its towering ash trees and walls covered with late roses and felt my jangling nerves settle slightly .
luckily , she was outside pruning her roses when i came down , which always tended to put her in as nice a mood as she ever had .
but where is my love gone with his cheeks like roses .
eric looked at her , thinking how beautiful she was : a flower among the flowersgentle , soft , caring ; fairer than all the garden roses around .
the extremely tan young woman had a rose tattooed on her right shoulder and a diamond nose piercing .
i stopped to look up admiring the beautiful climbing roses that covered the entrance but really tilting forward to hit the first step and analyze the military style dressed men with razor sharp machetes attached to their backs .
eva had drafted a rose operated by a remote control that could spray incense into the air from the heart of the flower , giving the room a floral aroma .
what i do remember certainly is nt all hearts and roses .
he pulled out a dozen red roses wrapped in soft pink tissue from behind his back .
she filled it up and arranged the roses .
a huge bouquet of red roses was cradled in his hand , and she wondered why they had given him flowers and not amber .
leaving the bouquet of roses on the seat , danni ambled out of the car with her friends following .
it was really sweet what darren said about you in his speech and how he gave you those roses , marcy said .
instead of finding the pizza delivery man on the other side , she found herself face to face with the roses shed left in ann and geralds car the night before .
i just sit and watch the night come in , shading the sky in roses and light blues , royals , and violets , until finally deepening to black .
the group from the meeting watches closely and i can feel a blush climbing up my face like roses on a trellis .
i can see the faint glimmer of dawn just beginning to color the sky with the barest hint of rose .
the crimson rivulets drip down to my shirt , spreading like blossoming roses .
crimson beads fall from his arms and chest onto her pink robes , the stains growing like rose blossoms as they spread .
his hands tangled in her hair , sweat excreting through his pores , the smell of dust mixed with roses and the pounding of his heart .
i could feel the heat radiate from him mixing with the cool air of meropsis and the sweet pungent scent of the roses .
she had long black hair that was gathered up in several braids which were tied together and looked like a rose .
to finish it off , they used a roses petals to color my lips .
all of the roses fell to the ground , and large sharp thorns returned in place of the flowers .
it was gathered in many braids , and then they were placed together , forming roses around my head .
calla lilies were threaded into the roses .
he had picked a rose the color of my dress .
a polished rose stone , the size of a marble , rested in his palm .
did you see my roses ?
the next morning was all sunshine and birds singing , the air smelled like roses and every piece of food i ate was like a gourmet meal as we drove to the hospital to check in haile .
i accelerate toward the colorful , elongated , pergola engulfed with climbing roses and green vines .
i m tempted to stop and indulge in the earth smell of old stone and roses , but i think zachary chasing after me is more fun .
maybe i could bring you a wild bouquet of roses and wear a bow tie , write a short note in black ink , tied with a neat ribbon like they did in the eighteenth century , mm ?
i like lilies , not roses .
i was going to get twelve dozen roses for you .
i appreciate the sweet smell of the rose , but its his scent my senses desires more .
did you know a white rose symbolizes pure love , absolute faithfulness and loyalty , wavered by neither time nor distance ?
slowly , channing steps closer , removes the rose from my hand and places it on the table below the mirror .
channing ignores my surprised face and takes my hand , leading me past the bed of roses to our favorite bench .
i suppress a sigh of relief as her sweet smell of roses fills my nostrils .
most of her hair had been pulled to the top of her head , falling in small , intertwining ringlets , strewn with tiny , cream - colored roses .
jesse stared up at the back of her crimson dress , the rose pinned to her shoulder , beads still hanging off her deer antlers .
i still had a vase of dried up blue roses from a high school science project that tony had stayed up half the night helping me with so i would n't fail chemistry .
tabitha stopped running and held her body perfectly still , like the stem of a rose , while her hair danced in the wind like its leaves .
the group he spoke to turned to stare at her as she stood in her plain , common dress , a weed among the blooming roses .
the grounds were immaculate with vibrant - green grass , bushes sculpted into the shape of animals , and roses in full bloom .
even the smell changed to lavender and roses .
anger snapped to attention and bloomed like a rose in my chest .
sleeping roses , exiled , beguiled , and dovetailed have foreign rights contracts with a turkish publisher .
her books include : sleeping roses across the ages exiled beguiled dovetailed earths guardian blood and snow ( 1 - 12 ) the cindy chronicles vampire lies ( blood and snow season 2 ) a beauty so beastly vampire secrets short stories : rose , undercover cindy witch the hunter 's tale gabriel after the kiss contact information rashelle workman would love to hear from you .
her books : sleeping roses , exiled , beguiled , and dovetailed have foreign rights contracts with a turkish publisher .
the bonita float holds lady ann while lying horizontally in a flat lounge chair covered in prettily yellow roses .
her head piece is made of yellow roses with white babys breathe flowing over dark green leaves kinda looking like a funeral wreath on top of her straight brown hair .
the food items are neatly arranged on an oversized biggy platenawplatter with a small glass clear vase of three red rose buds .
the sky is sizzling hot , humid , and cloudless with a rose and yellow blazing sun , unless ya wear black tinted sunglasses , like me .
landing amongst a patch of roses sheltered behind a willow tree .
there s a posy of pink teacup roses in her hands .
there are red roses on marilyns crypt .
mom called it a perk of her job , getting these bent lilies and fading roses .
his slips might not smell like roses when he went to use them , but if he was jumped maybe they would nt be found .
her pale skin still had blooms of roses in her cheeks , though they were fading .
as i bent to kiss her cheek , i caught her scent of roses , and my childhood flashed in my mind .
my mother loved roses , and my father would bring her a bouquet every time he came home from a mission .
how fortunate we are , richard , to come upon two such lovely roses .
it was decorated with flower paper , embroidered bed covering , and two vases of roses all in shades of yellow and pink .
he outstretched his hand to reveal a bouquet of orchids with red roses and lilies mixed in .
there was a living room area decorated in roses and orchids in large crystal vases .
she saw rachel dancing amongst the roses , with simon moving alongside her , a smile on his face .
reynald blinked in surprise , and sarah blushed as crimson as a rose in full bloom .
her best church dress was laid out , and soon she was bedecked with red and pink roses .
on the way to the restaurant i passed the flower shop where she found the perfect silver roses for our wedding .
she held the silver roses that she always wanted .
do you think roses would be over the top ?
the stone held no picture of my grandparents , but fresh red roses were neatly arranged in an urn matching the tombstone .
how else would i be able to bring fresh lilies and roses to my mother at her grave every few days ?
when the stone dropped to the ground , i placed maries flower in the copper vessel with the bunch of white roses .
in fact , he smelled sweet , like roses , but slightly different .
the only thing that had changed was that a white rose had bloomed between her feet .
a white rose towered over the locket , just as pretty as the hand - crafted beauty that surrounded its stem .
she knelt , taking in the powerful scent of the rose .
gently , as though it were made of glass , she picked it up , making sure to loop the chain over the rose without hitting the floral wonder .
some of these species did nt even belong here ; just as kithara grew her roses not from a bush but from the ground , these variations did the same .
the sweet smell of the roses .
yes , and i believe her favorite flower was a rose .
they all seemed to be rose petals , but of different colors , colors that she had nt even known were possible for a rose to become .
this specimen is as light as air and has the fragrance of a dozen roses .
she saw and smelt bread rising under a smoky fire ; she longed to stroke the roses that were gathered by the bundle in long , ravishing ribbons .
i bet you ll still be assigned to armory , your father will help secure a good marriage contract , and everything will be roses .
but my roses will have to come from someone elses garden .
well , gideon broke the silence , i think that even though you re not going , you deserve to have a rose .
he reached behind my ear again , and with a wave of his hand a thornless long - stemmed red rose appeared .
a rose for a rose and without so much as a breath , i did iti allowed myself to fall .
she s probably expecting it after that little stunt you pulled with the rose .
i paced around my bedroom , and then i did something i d done every night since gideon had gonei watered the rose he d given me .
i can never tell whether you re planning to give her roses or push her off a balcony .
the rose , that rose , still perfect when everything else in my world had gone to hell , was the last straw .
its ruined , abigail was saying , holding a broken stem that was all that remained of the rose i had given her .
its not ruined , he said , waving his hand over the petals , and the rose magically came back together , the petals falling into their places .
abigail took the rose from tristan .
i d have been swept off my feet by the rose and the green eyes and the , well , the rest .
i pulled abigail away from it , and then i planted the rose for her in that baking soil .
abigail showed off her newly - planted rose , and sela joked with her about her brightly - patterned socks , so unlike anything she herself would be allowed to wear at the palace .
surrounding him are other senior football playersall wearing their jerseys since its game dayall of them holding two roses of various colors alternating from yellow to pink to white , but he is the only one holding red .
as nice and awkward as this gesture is , i do nt like roses .
ryder walks up to me , the de facto leader of the group , finishing the last line of the first verse , handing me the rose .
i roll my eyes after i take the roses hoping he does nt see the annoyance etched on my face , but i m caught by hilary who smiles apologetically .
he snatches the flowers from her hand and turns to sulk to the kitchen , muttering something about how he d like to shove these roses where the sun do nt shine , but i do nt believe it was directed to my aunt .
not when i hear something about how much someone hates roses .
i have seen roses damask 's , red and white , but no such roses see i in her cheeks ; and in some perfumes in there more delight than in the breath that from my mistress reeks .
i have seen roses damask 's , red and white , but no such roses see i in her cheeks ; and in some perfumes in there more delight than in the breath that from my mistress reeks .
ill sing you a sweet song if you say to the notes of these roses fill the air , floating around me , drowning out everything , all my problems , all my worries , all my issues .
i got fight in these roses , and i still ca nt be scared though , i do feel the breeze from the open door and i feel the temperature of the normally warm , stuffy room drop , and my hand stills above the keys before slamming down on a wrong chord .
a rose by any other name would smell as sweet . ''
with a ruby rose and emerald leaves resting on the hilt of a golden sword .
the roses stem coiled tightly down the silver blade .
i d only worn it once , which was definitelynotenough because it was gorgeousa pink toned cotton dress with roses on it and a bow at the back .
the roses were the wrong size and the colours were glaring .
moments later the shower started and travis sang every rose has its thorn .
red roses , pink gardenias , yellow daisies , pink tulips , and others i could nt name .. one of those flowers stood out from all the others , seeming to call to me .
i knew immediately about the rose .
holding the rose tightly i lifted off the ground , flying back towards the shrine or , as more and more lights called it , the castle .
there were all these flowers and there was a rose , an light stone rose .
she picked up ness ; already half adorned with her flower girl outfit , and swung her around the kitchen until the paper roses that had been tacked to her skirt came flying off in all directions , covering us all in pink petals .
blod laughed out a few nervous breaths , clutching her bouquet that matched the paper roses on nesss quickly - repaired dress .
war leaves its trail in moonlight so pale its shadows they flow in rivers , in rivers so put on my mask i 'll go where they ask so i might once again see the roses of may staining my soul and stinging my eyes the red on my hands wo n't wash away , wash away no where to run from what i have done i ' m no longer , no longer a rose of may fate holds the blade before you mirrored in maiden 's eyes far from myself i fly into the perilous skies and they said follow the blade before you fear fall and courage rise leave all your tears behind you far from where innocence lies cage of the kings no need for wings so turn them to stone from roses to bone when you look at me what do you see ?
war leaves its trail in moonlight so pale its shadows they flow in rivers , in rivers so put on my mask i 'll go where they ask so i might once again see the roses of may staining my soul and stinging my eyes the red on my hands wo n't wash away , wash away no where to run from what i have done i ' m no longer , no longer a rose of may fate holds the blade before you mirrored in maiden 's eyes far from myself i fly into the perilous skies and they said follow the blade before you fear fall and courage rise leave all your tears behind you far from where innocence lies cage of the kings no need for wings so turn them to stone from roses to bone when you look at me what do you see ?
war leaves its trail in moonlight so pale its shadows they flow in rivers , in rivers so put on my mask i 'll go where they ask so i might once again see the roses of may staining my soul and stinging my eyes the red on my hands wo n't wash away , wash away no where to run from what i have done i ' m no longer , no longer a rose of may fate holds the blade before you mirrored in maiden 's eyes far from myself i fly into the perilous skies and they said follow the blade before you fear fall and courage rise leave all your tears behind you far from where innocence lies cage of the kings no need for wings so turn them to stone from roses to bone when you look at me what do you see ?
and you said break free from all that holds you kings hand and maiden 's tear run now into my arms together we 'll conquer our fears led here by fate no longer afraid so here now i lay my roses of may as melody and harmony began at the start of the song , arias voice joined in with a complex arrangement of ascending scales .
i trailed my fingers over the intricately carved bed - end then noticed that the cupboard was carved with the same rose pattern .
her lips were the color of roses and when she grinned it was crooked .
he s wearing a nice black suit , and he s holding a bouquet of purple roses .
he sets down the roses on his bed and pulls me close to him .
on the table next to me , there is a beautiful bouquet of purple roses .
she could smell a warm scent , something reminiscent of tea roses .
a tattered straw hat with a yellow sash tied around poked up from behind a hedge of roses .
i make henri promise not to touch the roses , i keep them up myself , they need shaping and he just has nt got the eye for it .
i d love to see the roses .
finn took her by the arm and began a lilting monologue , up front the sun is nt quite right for roses , they like it hot in the afternoon , after they ve gotten a nice deep drink in the mornings .
there s a lady down the lane likes to bring hers all through the neighborhood , i thought you might like a nice vase of roses for your window shell say , all the while waiting to hear your compliments .
finn moved from one to the other lifting their heads and smelling the full roses .
on hot days we would lie on our backs in the shade with the deep scent of roses around us .
on the top of the hill , she could smell the roses in the cooling air before she could see them .
a single rose , which had been sitting amongst a collection of other colourful flowers , was floating in mid air above the vase .
she held up the rose in front of philip .
sam sniffed the rose that philip had given her .
the rose fell out of her hand as she fell .
in doing so , he trod on the rose , which had fallen to the floor .
the last thing he remembered from his dream was the rose crushed under his fathers foot , and the soft , sweet words from samantha blake .
the crashton community hall had been stylishly decorated with large , silky ribbons ; ambient lighting ; silk table cloths draped over old , rented tables , fancy candles shaped like roses lit in the middle ; and the stage set up with a dressed - up microphone .
dean managed to claw his way through the crowd , lacey smallwood at his side , fighting off threatening blasts of ice or acid or fire or apple sauce or whatever with her rapidly growing barrier of roses .
chantilly roses dripped from the trellises attached to the outer framework .
he closed his eyes caught to the sudden marinade of delicate garden scents traveling the dewed wingtips of robins ; berries mixed with perfumes of lilac and spring roses welcoming new morn .
i have looked through a wall of crystal panes , seen flower bearing petals of eight ; a rose of our royal tombs .
jawen gave him a white handkerchief embroidered with a red rose .
someone was rubbing a cloth on his face , white with a red rose .
the secrets keeper and the heir the second in the roses garden and the sea series by jackie mccarthy * * * * * copyright 2013 jaclyn mccarthy smashwords edition 2.0 this ebook is licensed for personal use only .
your brother told me something of your story , pella said , referring to his brief encounter with rose , so i know you re not without your struggles .
cricketcome on rose pleaded .
at roses silence , his features fell into a look of shame .
i supposejust keep it simple , he attempted after roses tears had passed .
but you asked rose began .
maybe you re the rose after all .
roses appear to be a delicate flower , you see , but are protected by vicious thorns .
in her efforts to create the character of benson rose , shed fallen deeply in love with her invented twin sister , not because the girl represented roses love for her brother , which she knew well , but because the girl represented all she could ever know of her brothers love for her .
kaille recoiled from roses searing gaze , her livid fury , but he fought his case .
before long , roses sobbing faded .
the heat of the captains body had became unbearably hot where it contacted roses by the time she noticed herself reacting to it .
to roses great relief , she heard the study door click shut once again .
after one spin too many she fell over , dizzy , into roses arms .
a rose , said lucy without hesitation .
then a rose it shall be , she said .
do nt worry , lucy said , retracing roses focus .
the men surrounding them , calls of misses monkey stolen from their lips , looked at the sobbing boy in shock , and then at rose , who glared seriously at each of them in turn .
well , he was demoted rose said .
no , i mean rose stammered as fenric opened his door and limped inside .
he stayed still for several long moments , during which time the blood ran cold in roses veins .
so , when we say , for instance , that having a woman aboard brings a curse upon the ship , kaille said , throwing out an example that made roses heart skip a frightened beat , its in some ways an easier way of saying that having women around makes things more complicated ?
that all makes fine sense , captain , auk said sensibly , his attempts to remain upbeat increasing roses sense of unease .
it was nt nothing harmful rose felt a shift in the wind .
to roses relief , the broken auk jerked himself from the bow and ran blindly aft , his plea repeated to the gusting winds .
dried vines and weeds surround the wilted roses which obviously could nt stand the heat either .
these are for you , sage says , handing me a bouquet of crimson roses .
the rose smells glorious .
nestled upon his rough palm was a rose carved from a small bit of wood and attached to a piece of twine .
i released my hold , taking the rose necklace with me .
i lifted my hand to my chest feeling the wooden rose .
a dozen roses or maybe two ?
on the ornamental walls hung dried bellflowers , with many wilted lilies and fresh red roses .
it was as if roargorth was a lion who could find his heart in a rose .
he did nt realize his face was blushing like a rose until elisa said : do not be shy , modest hero of your people .
he pulled one knot with care , and the bag opened with ease and all the knots fell like withered roses .
he holds out the rose to me .
does it twist your insides to think of franciss heart plucked from her body like a full red rose , beating tremulously in the palm of my hand ; her face , still as stone , dressed with the mask of fear ?
the other option was that rose was a.witch she whispered to herself .
the secretary looked up startled by both the sound of roses voice and the use of her name , for in all the time they had worked together , rose had never spoken with her .
his face was strong , with a nose that had clearly been broken on more than one occasion , but there was a twinkle in his pale green eyes that even from this distance made roses heart skip about .
as luck would have it , there was a hair salon next to the clothing store and the sales lady , sensing roses big change , walked her in and introduced her to a man with blue hair , named jason .
it was dark as rose raced into the yard and fell to her knees at the base of the tree .
the nurses kept their distance from rose .
willow had a small , designated section of rose bushes that she liked to go to think , tend , and smell her favorite flower : brilliant , stark white roses .
hanging from the ceiling in long vines were white flowers , mostly roses and hydrangeas , willows favorite .
the roses were white and pure , delicately tended and watched over to produce such big and lush flowers .
she loved her roses .
her roses were dead .
chelsea had had a few beers , herself , but she remained the perky , perfect small town girl for whom everything , her whole life , came up roses .
` ` a rose by any other name would smell as sweet , '' declared belch .
the gold letters of rose and thorn 's apothecary shimmered against the olive - green storefront .
` ` the plants growing in rose 's and the shop 's interiorit all looks quite ancient , does n't it ? ''
rivers flowed backward and the clouds in awkward were always shaped like roses .
i was beginning to regret making them into roses .
the white fluffy roses looked different , somewhat darker on the edges , as if they were real roses beginning to wilt and die .
the white fluffy roses looked different , somewhat darker on the edges , as if they were real roses beginning to wilt and die .
roses are orange , violets are green , you ve made a mistake starting this scene .
huge , elaborate painted murals of trees with low hanging limbs and vines full of white roses climbed the tower walls .
love is nt roses .
the vines crawling along the bedroom wall were made pale by the moonlight , the white roses luminescent .
through it , the climbing vines and moonlit roses stared at me .
~peregrine storke~ the longer we walked , the darker the clouds became , the roses above us steadily wilting .
he loves me , he loves me not foster joked , his gaze going from the rose - shaped clouds to the glass ball he held in his palm .
it was a pristine tower surrounded by beautiful trees with man - sized leaves and clouds shaped like roses .
there will be lots of food , a hot tub , and in the morning , well go to the rose parade .
he brought yellow and pink roses from his grandmothers garden , and he gave them to me after the ceremony .
back at our apartment , jocelyn took a side profile picture of me smelling the roses and another picture of me on the floor with my head surrounded by a rainbow of all the books she had watched me read all semester for my c.s .
on sunday , she receives five long stem roses and a note in the front seat of her locked car : five days before the fall .
she paused just long enough for hoang - ha to catch the rose in her cheeks like a crab scurrying away from the shore along a beach .
devon pulls a bouquet of roses from behind his back and hands them to her .
as the aroma of roses surrounded them , aylan surveyed the area to see if anyone was looking in their particular direction , and quickly cut a single rose with her dagger .
we have to be careful now , people will be able to see the rose .
yeah right guys , very funny , which one of you planted the rose ?
it must have been one of the hand - to - hand guys , bowregard pondered as he picked up the rose and lifted it to his nose .
he found a rose on his bed after practice yesterday , and he has been going crazy trying to find out who left it for him !
or even worse , perhaps he was thinking of the girl with the rose ?
you are the girl with the rose !
it was a ladys hand - held mirror with a silver frame of embossed roses that surrounded the oval looking glass .
the roses went all the way around it , with stems that became the handle .
like making them a cup of coffee , or buying them roses on a random day . ''
i grab and pop the rose on his forehead , giggling .
in his hand he holds a single rose .
on top of the shop , there was a second floor with a balcony , where a squat , indonesian - looking man ( presumably jim ) coaxed water from an unknown source into the shape of an enormous bouquet of exquisite roses .
my sons cheeks were turning a pretty shade of rose .
mallory always loved roses , and , despite having to be in the hospital , frequently commented on how pretty the pattern was on her hospital gown .
maybe you want to wait around for geo himself to come calling , show up on your doorstep with a fucking bouquet of red roses ?
yes , but first let me present you with these , he said holding out a bouquet of yellow and orange roses .
well every rose has its own meaning does it not ?
yellow roses are a symbol of friendship but i do nt know what the orange stand for .
skylar sat her roses on the dash board and grabbed his offered hand before sliding out of the car .
carol helped , wanting to know what mom thought would be better , roses with daisies or just roses for her bouquet .
carol helped , wanting to know what mom thought would be better , roses with daisies or just roses for her bouquet .
he was dressed in a morning suit with a white rose attached to the left breast , and his long hair was slicked back behind his ears .
as it turned out , they caught ryans mum heading round to the roses house as they reached the front gate .
and with that , she went through the roses gate and made her way up their drive .
he turned his head to the right and was shocked to find daisy roses face barely an inch from his .
it said a great deal about how far their relationship had come in the past week that he was prepared to head round and knock on the roses front door .
the roses house was different to his , being laid out in a large l - shape , rather than the more traditional rectangle .
ryan had always wondered whether the roses had a thing about seeing people before being seen , or whether they used it as an early warning so that they could decide whether or not to answer the door .
i had the police round earlier looking for you , and i ve just heard from the roses that they want to speak to daisy too .
i guess i , too , had grown used to all of the roses and statues .
on the top was a brass inlay of a rose .
on the desk was a bouquet of red roses , through which peered a name card .
the bunch of roses on the table was intended for my girlfriend from a boastful and overbearing guy donovan who was her ex - boyfriend .
but my explanation did nt produce much effect , and every morning he came to that place and passed on a bunch of roses via the receptionist .
beck spins his chair to the left slamming his wheel into cox the eldest brother who s a lawyer by trade and profession and likes to wear a goatee in his face and red framed eyeglasses over his eyeballs while the next older brother perry wears a full beard up to his nostrils and down to his throat with a set of blue framed eye glasses where barton has a set of black brushy sideburns that clashes with his set of orange framed eyeglasses so it seems that each brother might be physical handicapped in a wheelchair but their facial hair is matted in a distinguishing format for easy identification since they all possess a healthy complexion of peachy - rose skin tone and black hair and colored eye frames .
the rest of the cake decorates in tightly bunched single pods of butter crme bright lavender roses buds wrapped in tiny vivid green butter crme vine leaves slapped by the hands of three - year old children in a weirdo pattern against the delicate pretty pure white butter crme icing all over different angles of the cake like someone failed their geometry test as i giggle with a girly twang during the happy birthday song .
last years harvest empress sets a small fake diamond but glittering crystal encrusted tiara over my messy hair as i accept the pretty arm bouquet of fresh cut red long stemmed roses then she hands off the white cowboy hat as i shove the roses into my left elbow and accept the hat .
last years harvest empress sets a small fake diamond but glittering crystal encrusted tiara over my messy hair as i accept the pretty arm bouquet of fresh cut red long stemmed roses then she hands off the white cowboy hat as i shove the roses into my left elbow and accept the hat .
he wears a black tuxedo , a white shirt , and a neon purple and candy pink poker - dotted bow tie around his neck muscles while his right open palm extends outwardly to me as he stands at six feet and three inches upright on a pair of black leather shoes , not inside his wheelchair beside a stark white grand baby piano with a big crystal vase of red long stemmed roses flaming from the center of the polished wood inside a large room with a wall of mirrors on my right and a wall of black wallpaper on my left with a double fireplace center stages the room .
you can have the roses , since they go sour after three days , before monday morning .
this is not about the silly roses or the stupid crown .
i hold my right fist with my key cars over my eyeballs since its freaking six - thirty in the morning because its the winter time in south alabama and the sun freakingly gets up at six oclock and goes to sleep at five oclock in the early afternoon as i jerk open the drivers seat scooting into the leather sniffing the sorta snobby snot back into my nose holes from cintas tart treatment of me smelling the sweet aroma of fresh roses that i left inside the car for the night then slam the door shut cranking the engine without producing any physical wet tears in my eyeballs since cinta is just a little upset with me.nawher .
i pop it open leaning my body back behind the seat grabbing the arm bouquet of red long - stemmed roses since the fresh petals could stain the leather seats then i gallop for a second time with the roses in my left hand through the garage slamming open the unlocked door with my right hand moving in the enclosed laundry room and yell to my angels in heaven in piccolo music .
i pop it open leaning my body back behind the seat grabbing the arm bouquet of red long - stemmed roses since the fresh petals could stain the leather seats then i gallop for a second time with the roses in my left hand through the garage slamming open the unlocked door with my right hand moving in the enclosed laundry room and yell to my angels in heaven in piccolo music .
i stare at the pretty rose arm bouquet that measures from my middle finger to the length of my elbow with almost fully bloomed twelve deep colored red roses while i caress the tip of bottom flower on the right then quickly pluck a single rose petal from the rose tossing into the air as i recall garths words last nightlove vow and .
i stare at the pretty rose arm bouquet that measures from my middle finger to the length of my elbow with almost fully bloomed twelve deep colored red roses while i caress the tip of bottom flower on the right then quickly pluck a single rose petal from the rose tossing into the air as i recall garths words last nightlove vow and .
i stare at the pretty rose arm bouquet that measures from my middle finger to the length of my elbow with almost fully bloomed twelve deep colored red roses while i caress the tip of bottom flower on the right then quickly pluck a single rose petal from the rose tossing into the air as i recall garths words last nightlove vow and .
i pass another 80 - feet high full canopy oak tree on my right with its own cedar wooden bench around it housing a set of orange wild roses under your bee_hind giggling that an orange rose represents the emotion of desire and fascination quickly thinking about stealing one rose for garth but axe that silly idea as i stomp my boots closer to the front porch walking passed a third oak tree that covers the entire ground but the short green grass grows nicely under the thick overstory as i suddenly stop and stare at the lawn .
he wears a black tuxedo , a white shirt , and a neon purple and candy pink poker - dotted bow tie around his neck muscles while his right open palm extends outwardly to me as he stands at six feet and three inches upright on a pair of black leather shoes , not inside his wheelchair beside a stark white grand baby piano with a big crystal vase of red long stemmed roses flaming from the center of the polished wood .
each bird drops a soft single petal of flora roses and daisy flowers upon the cool marble .
why did you pull my roses from the flower garden then scatter them into the living - room ?
i exhale , accepting the rose .
you re my rose , risa .
that meal is avery roses favourite , said the screen , but there must also be a side salad and a fruit platter for dessert .
that is when he shook his head to answer my question , and quickly handed me the rose .
i pulled the rose to my nose and smelled it .
then i remembered it was not a rose , but something edible and i jerked it back down .
mother came in to find me eating my rose ( how could i resist ? )
the rose looked as satisfied as a rose can .
the rose looked as satisfied as a rose can .
of course i could nt turn back , of course i had to chance the glove being the wrong one if it is nt the correct one , we can just put the rose one on her !
if she stuck around , shed have killed the whole bouquet , not just the rose .
when i tapped the head of my rose fairy , she peeked out from under the brim of her rose blossom hat and the sweet scent of roses filled the air .
when i tapped the head of my rose fairy , she peeked out from under the brim of her rose blossom hat and the sweet scent of roses filled the air .
he went on to discuss details with rose , and selena tuned them out as she thought about matt .
selena returned with rose to sams office the next morning .
sam stared back at rose , unmoving .
she waited with rose in the meeting room while sam drew up the new contract .
sam promised to be in touch with rose for dates to be back in new york .
pale pink roses draped her mothers casket , trailing like a floral curtain down the church isle .
her mother used to love pink roses and the hymn amazing grace that the choir sang as the pallbearers wheeled the casket to the front of the sanctuary .
* the next day in class when nalae opened her backpack it was full of pink roses .
her casket was draped in pink roses .
vianez was surprised to see there were still roses blooming in gloras flowerbeds , regardless of the weather .
she calls them leah roses , old jess said , glancing down at where vianez was looking .
not a rose .
a faint smell of roses perfumed the warm summer air .
it had a low neck and a fitted bodice embroidered with dozens of delicate pink roses .
there was no mistaking the pale green silk and embroidered pink roses .
you mean like red roses mean love .
if you wanted to tell someone you loved them you would send them red roses .
i could see mr . fitzgibbon , simon and several other men hurrying among the roses as they set up tables and chairs .
the garden was at its peak and the air was perfumed with the scent of mr . fitzgibbons carefully tended roses .
she carried a dozen large pink roses in her arms .
he wrote on plain paper , ' roses are red and violets are blue , geography is boring do you think so too ? '
in his arms he carried a massive bouquet of pink and purple roses .
these are menorial roses .
i placed my roses one at a time .
her hair was done up with ribbons , and she carried a small bouquet of lavender roses .
there was a glass vase with two dozen red roses on the counter , tied with a ribbon that led to a bottle of sparkling cider in the fridge , compliments of dad , i was sure .
sharon and kevin entered the building and she submitted her fake i d which indicated her name was sharon lepont , a cousin of roses .
a flare of psychic awareness passed between them and the strange sense of power emanating from rose rapidly built .
when i linked with rose , she somehow drew five other multipaths into the network with us .
do you think roses integration in our network has grown our abilities ?
its not just because of rose but the others she drew in , kevin said .
the experiment was a success then , sharon said with satisfaction as though it had been her idea to strengthen the psychic network with roses abilities .
his body felt oddly uncooperative as though compelled to obey roses command .
he peered at rose and ken with piercing green eyes .
they marched purposefully into the lobby area with rose .
it was doctor zimmerman and he was planning a series of tests and experiments for rose .
these are police officers who are doing follow up questions about roses escape , zimmerman said .
chapter 19 kevin was still sleeping as rose finished her breakfast in the large , luxurious two - story house in redmond .
she had visited the prison that rose had been staying at and used her ability to weaken roses mind and taint her with flawed reasoning which would fundamentally change her .
well be in one section and rose will be appointed a leader at some point .
he had a couple of his psychometrists read the energy from the letter and confirmed what he s suspected , that he was being manipulated even as he had benefited greatly from roses financial predictions in the past .
do you remember the formula that was used to neutralize roses psychic abilities ?
this will be important to ward off any attacks by rose or kevin or even psi - tech , julie said .
no doubt , he s joined with rose who has recently been cured from her condition and escaped from the mental institution .
we know about rose and kevin , julie said smoothly .
so how did you learn about roses manipulations ?
it definitely helps us that psi - tech is trying to hunt down rose and kevin because we do nt have the resources to do so .
the only concern i have is that psi - tech may keep rose and kevin prisoners in their own facility and keep it hidden from authorities .
she could nt come up with a more precise time so she tried focusing on rose and important events revolving around her .
emily explained to skylar and kate what she had recently seen and learned about rose and a possible way of stopping her .
we need to know more about how roses ability works so we can discover a way of stopping her , jeremy said .
i m just the leader in the underground movement against rose .
jeremy pushed back against roses new attack and felt emilys assistance .
images of rose flashed in his mind .
he weakly struggled to defend himself against roses and kevins attack but it was hopeless now .
candles and red roses make up the centerpieces .
red roses !
so to surprise my cousin , i painted some of the white roses red .
he has a giant sized bag of smart food in one hand and roses in another .
i gape at the amount of potted plants , roses , cards , balloons , boxes and gift bags that have been shoved in this room .
the door slowly opens and peter walks in carrying a vase full of red roses .
then , he places the roses on the ground beside my bed and walks over to me .
he paused with a wry smile as he glanced over his rose tinted spectacles at the boys robe .
pink buds appeared and blossomed into dark pink roses .
the doormaster looked over his rose tinted spectacles at liam .
a single rose entwined a two handed sword .
mica rubbed his thumb over the rose .
the doormaster stroked his beard and peered over his rose tinted glasses .
the black material added to the warm layers of clothing , and the pattern of roses was nice .
i saw everything through sheets of color : violets and roses blossomed before my eyes in the light of the silver moon , highlighting the lower slopes of the gray - brown tree trunks before me .
aromatic lilac , roses , lilies , and orchids together , created a unique perfume and even the ancient trees , with their weathered arms , and solemn lean , were magnificent .
it was so powerful , like musk roses mixed with something sticky sweet .
everyone stared at lucinda , even brian who was still bent over the roses .
her childhood was nt all roses and rainbows .
in the box was a twin set of knives with ivory grips and printed pink roses climbing the grips in spirals vines .
the stone settled against her chest heavily and selena gripped it tightly as she turned back to rose .
its okay , she said , noticing the anxiety in roses eyes .
selena stood in front of rose , pushing zoe behind her as well .
it was hard with rose and zoe screaming like banshees behind her .
selena followed the direction of roses gaze and gasped , not at the hole in the roof , but at what hovered just above it .
once they were sure rose had made it safely to the ground , titus , zoe and selena shimmied down rope ladders thrown over the side .
the queen of goldun is all knowing , interjected wil as he stepped forward to scoop roses still form from the ground .
selena asked as the fae waded into the pool with rose .
selena did nt hesitate as she dropped into the pool and launched herself against rose .
she was grateful when an opening door and the sound of roses enthralled gasp interrupted them .
yes , our dear rose was instrumental in your upbringing , was she not ?
now , her chin rested on roses shoulder .
what shed just said sounded like one of roses life lessons .
selena pressed a hand to her quaking stomach as she thought of rose and zoe .
she was doing this for titus , for her future in - laws , and for rose and zoe .
the brothers grimm returned to the world of men with their ship to invite rose and zoe to the ceremony .
before i could answer she squealed and cranked up the radio , singing along at the top of her lungs to paradise city , by guns n roses .
i drifted past bouquets of pink and red tulips , roses and sunflowers sold by local vendors , past street performers strumming guitars , playing saxophones and trombones .
* * * wow , these are really beautiful roses , vicky commented , sniffing at the large blooms surrounding the gazebo .
the soft scent reminded her of the roses outside the gazebo in lizs garden and the conversation shed had with darien about other monsters .
her rose and jasmine perfume , a touch of fear , a hint of desire , her natural smell , and his own rich aroma mingled to form a heady mix that tugged at his body .
even more so because he had an ugly black eye and was carrying a bouquet of roses in his hands .
and the roses are just an apology ; i know you love them michael sighed and put the bouquet on the coffee table in front of him before sitting down .
while the first group took care of the weapons , another one , formed by rose and two women beth did nt recognize , took care of their injuries .
when she opened them this time , they glued themselves onto the beautiful red bouquet of roses that he handed her .
he also gave her a box of chocolates and a sexy black leather jacket but the roses were her favorite .
bushes lined her home , dark with blackened roses that had somehow bloomed .
our house was in fact quite plain except the beautiful rose designs on the glass windows and the door , the roof was tiled in a dull gray color , some of the roofing slates were either missing or were badly discolored .
red roses filled her flowerbeds along with many other types of flowers that i had never seen before .
in the middle of the hall was a large round table and on top a large crystal vase , showing the blackest roses i ve ever seen .
the table was surrounded by many white plush chairs and white roses filled many black vases , still following the color scheme .
i watched it flutter against the glass , almost tangling with the pink roses growing along the sill , the ones i d given my grandmother last year for her birthday .
i stared at the roses , at the dark veins carving across each dry petal .
she held up the strand of hair , narrowed her eyes , and said , whatever killed the roses is spreading .
i watched through the window as she carried it to the roses planted along the sill .
the backyard looked strangely palethe roses , the flowers potted next to them , even the herbs planted out in the yard frail and muted grey .
but as she carved a small trench in the dirt , burying the strand of hair , she was nt chanting about the roses .
in a gentler tone , he continued , let me see your hand , so fragrant with barbed - petal roses .
this is why i m surrounded by dandelions , roses , tulips , and daisies and a couple of other rare flowers marigolds , asters , jonquils , narcissus , and rosemary .
well mrs . lady tyrant talked to rose and rose convinced her to enroll me , but rose never mentioned you going here .
azalea and dez have n't hung out with each other since the fall out with rose and azalea .
it was saturday and they had scheduled an unexpected visit to rose 's and dave 's house .
i screamed for rose and dave but no one came to my aid .
when i told rose and dave , they had me hospitalized .
when i told rose and dave that i would be moving out , they told me the truth about everything ; my true parents , my gifts , how they found me , everything except what truly happened all of those halloween nights .
mums new project was renovating the 16th century knot and rose- gardens ; she was replanting several heirloom species of tudor roses .
were off to losthwithial to pick up roses .
red hair faded to a pale rose , eyes as bright green but there were wrinkles , her smile as blinding as ever .
it was a beautiful place with century - old oak trees on a small hill , quiet , and laden with crape myrtles and roses , white graveled paths and mausoleums that exuded coziness and eternal rest , not here lies death .
the old house was a soft rose color , two - story texas colonial with dormer windows , wraparound porch and a front parlor .
she has a birthmark on her pussy shaped like a rose .
the roses were all dead , cut back and mulched .
lovely like eyeing the roses as they bloom and sprawl to life , clothed and in every way imaginable endowed with naturally - attired belle and comeliness .
he slowly moved closer to her , sitting right beside her and facing out over the water which was reflecting the rose and red colors of the setting sun .
in fact , the only thing slightly girly in the room was a blue ceramic vase on the bedside table that held a single rose .
silky hair tickled his nose , smelling faintly of roses and lavender .
in the bushes behind them pink roses burst out at random matching adams perfectly adorned tie and corsage .
by the time they reached the stables , the sky was fully light and streaked with rose and gold .
finally she confided in rose .
` ` i know i have said no ... .. but today , i got a bouquet of a dozen roses from a said henry star , asking may he take my daughter out for dinner on her special once in a lifetime sweet sixteen birthday . ''
i was staring at a red rose , some of the petals were already opened , but mostly the flower was still a bud .
she looked at the rose and laughed .
the rose only complemented her beauty , and i did nt know what to say anymore .
this , she said referring to the rose , makes me happy .
i stood up and gave back the rose to lamare .
the rose tucked behind her back .
especially the roses .
lizzie and lucas found it fascinating listening to the old stories about dragons and knights and felt rather guilty hiding the secret of roses existence but still they were sworn to uphold the trust , and they would not break it .
i can feel how sad he is , how alone he feels and i know there s something i can do to stop it but i ca nt make myself do it you want to tell him about rose , do nt you , he remarked softly .
i open my eyes and see zac holding a red rose , smiling radiantly at me .
a yellow rose bud appears then starts blooming into full petals .
all the seedlings into my flower pot pop into various colored rose buds forming a big bouquet of flowers , when i giggle and smile .
i hold the flower pot deciding where to display my roses when yachel enters the room .
she giggles touching the roses .
i laid back down , hoping to dream of roses and butterflys and james coming home to me uninjured .
by the way , several more flower arrangements were just delivered , including a huge vase of yellow roses .
the cast gathered around as jake handed her a bouquet of yellow roses .
she hugged the yellow roses , her favorite flower in the world , then looked out at the emptying room .
at last the singing stops in a rising crescendo as the children fall to the ground , i look at their round smiling faces chuckling red and am reminded of my own childhood and a game based on death , ring a ring of roses .
taking the lid from the urn and placing it in the plush grass beside him , he drank in the smell of burnt roses from the ashes within , unable to contain himself further , a solitary tear rolled from his cheek and sank onto his wife 's ashes .
beads of sweat built on his forehead as the smell of roses wafted through his senses once more , he did not want to witness further pain and shook his head to dispel the scent .
zarah felt happy after talking with rose , which was rare .
she sighed and set her backpack on rose 's bed before she went into the bathroom .
` ` she 's afraid rose .
he stepped into the darkness with rose .
` ` i do not believe it was him , '' she reached for rose .
she threw lailias and council members aside in an attempt to strike rose , but they held her back .
chapter 40 : on to the next rose did not say anything as they walked through the wilderness back toward the gift shop .
a few minutes into the ritual rose heard eric 's voice waver .
his blood rushed to his head , and he dashed toward rose , anger fueling his stride .
` ` i feel strange rose . ''
eric made eye contact with rose and she did not seem worried so he kept dancing , believing staying in time was more important than addressing the fire .
eric knew from rose that it might have been centuries since life had touched this place .
with zip in his hands and in his pockets , he soared away from the spirits back toward rose .
he landed by rose and tried to talk to her .
they drove towards rose 's house .
make sure rose and eric gets some too . ''
eric fell on his back and looked up to see rose walk out of the hole in the wall , hands outstretched , her face resolute .
a picture of rose was on a table in a small mock pond of pink lilies .
eventually , and after a fair round of misunderstandings , i get a simple and yet nice pack of blue roses .
i ca n't think about anything right now , the knocking on my door is starting to irritate me so i quit thinking , i fake a smile and after grabbing the blue roses i open the door .
but it is not a normal garden , for it only contains dried roses .
dead roses .
dead but yet beautifully disposed roses .
i cross the crystal barrier carefully , and a small rocky path appears within the roses .
i finally give in , and i sit on the floor , near the dried roses and i do n't hold my tears anymore .
a garden of dried roses .
those roses are like her , perfect in their own way , and require long care to become eternal , as they are .
alex , half living i turn around and everything in her chamber greets me ; the black roses do n't look black anymore , the intense power of their colour shines and lights the place , the high and roofless walls protect us both from anything that may come against us .
wavering in the centre of the studio , between teacher in one corner and the main door opposite , wondering whether to intervene or not , roses hesitancy allowed teacher time to pepper the wood around the lock with holes .
ceri demanded , first of rose and then of the rest of us .
teacher had , in fact , hidden himself away in roses sensory deprivation centre once again , but this was know only to a few people .
i was in the canteen as they entered , at a table with rose and griff , and i saw mccreadys gesture of helplessness as barney led the way to a vacant table , hoped that all would be well for both our sakes .
it was an unlikely accommodation , for the two of them had never really got on together despite having rooms in the same house ; mccready could only suffer with patience roses morbid extravagances and it required a comparable effort for her to bear witness to his ideas .
or as great a time as rose would permit herself .
as if to excuse the perversion of the idea , i said , anyway , he slept with rose , did nt he ?
its always the insane who survive , coming up smelling of roses , said mccready , doing a cart - wheel along the pavement and sending loose change spilling from his pockets .
a tall robot hovers before my eyelashes holding an arm bouquet of red long stemmed roses in one metal limb and a wrapped box of gold paper in the .
vbot hovers before my eyelashes holding an arm bouquet of red long stemmed roses in one metal limb and a wrapped box of gold paper in the .
i plant a thigh - high leather boot into the brown soil from the zipper holding an arm of rose long stemmed roses , without the stinging thorns from vbots personal delivery of ranns gifts , this morning .
i smell , not the fragrance of roses , carnations , daisies , tulips or buttercups , we walk down the hill through the flat meadow of flowers then down into the dark soil .
the sweet cold winds gently blow over the angry heat of the wormhole as the three ram ship hang like beautiful blood red roses from the bush .
its from mr . colby , at the rose and crown .
he commands the rose , a ship in newport harbor .
all it talks about are ordinary things , like his roses , but its addressed to major cane .
and why tell him about his roses ?
the letter had read , make sure you take care of the roses on the grave on charlestown road , because i will be returning from lexington .
i silently wish that lizzy were here to help me , but i know that she is helping make things right at the old enclave with rose and that thought brings me comfort .
she s wearing plenty of makeup and smells heavily of roses .
a rose would still smell as sweet , even if it were called by a different name .
i crouch down next to a patch of roses , and gingerly brush my finger against the smooth and delicate petals , their fragrance sharp and sweet .
the roses are dead .
two hours before school , i was holding my tiny , green watering can , tilting to water the flowers , when i saw a gray - eyed boy , standing near the roses , sniffing .
ken , the kurosawas chauffeur and leading guard , stepped into the daylight , outside the wire - rimmed fence that used to hold off the withered roses .
i nearly gagged as the sharp scent of blood went up to my nose , and sensing my alarming situation , scar cupped the mask on my face , engulfing me with the light smell of sweat and roses .
the scent of roses went up to my nose .
the wind blew my hair to my side ; the roses beginning to rise from the surroundings .
a huge crystal chandelier hovers over a glass table in the center of the octagon - shaped room , and on the glass table there are orange calla lilies mixed with white and red long - stemmed roses .
a huge bouquet of red roses rests on the seat .
i do nt know how he manages to get me down and pin me to the floor so quickly , and with such gentleness that i feel i have fallen onto a bed of roses .
the floor was wood , covered by a massive carpet with a flower design : a single rose .
the other thing you should know is about the rose , he said quietly .
the one black rose is the rose the heir to a kingdom gives to the girl he wants to be his queen .
the one black rose is the rose the heir to a kingdom gives to the girl he wants to be his queen .
i could give the rose a hundred times , but only once the right girl takes it will she tap the powers of the fairy court and our bond .
for many of our choices , if we tried to give a girl the rose she just would nt be able to take it .
each royal family has only one rose for each prince , which means we ca nt go giving out five roses at a time .
we ca nt just take it back from a girl if it starts to not work out , once we give the rose and once she accepts it , its for life .
all i could think to say was , a black rose is nt very romantic .
samuel , for example , has never offered the rose to a girl , because there s never been a girl he thought he d want to spend the rest of his life with .
but , when a girl accepts the rose , what happens ?
would nt my taking the rose just make me part of the court ?
no , not once a girl takes the rose .
for a girl to become part of the court , the girls who are already part of the court have to help choose that girl , and she has to not want the rose .
if she wants the rose , then trying to become part of the court could be disastrous for her .
so , what is it about me that makes you think i could accept a rose ?
could i really accept a rose ?
i liked her a lot and i offered her a rose .
if they thought i was going to accept his rose instead of samuels they d probably do everything they could to prevent it .
still , hearing that according to the fairy world i was destined to accept his rose made my being interested in him even if he was a jerk make more sense .
if i were to offer you the rose , his family would attack mine .
before you accept the rose you have to be sure its what you want .
i ve known that you were meant for the rose since the second i laid eyes on you at the airport , when you knew right away that something was going on and you handled it so well .
so , give me the rose , i said .
taking a deep breath i said , how is it possible that both holt and samuel could give me a rose ?
it would almost be worth accepting his rose just to see the reaction on her face .
the summer and winter courts are not exactly on good terms , and you are supposed to accept my rose , not his .
to accept his rose .
she drew a rose on your dress , carley pointed out in awe .
red and white roses in a spray covered the lid .
its nine in the morning and someone dropped a bouquet of black roses in front of the mansions gate .
at nine oclock , i collected the bouquet of black roses that always show up at this exact time .
when i had entered the mansion , guji blocked my way and snatched my roses away .
i saw his maids carry my roses out of my room .
song hyun handed over a black rose .
when i look into your room , i saw bunches of roses , both dried and fresh .
tell me how could you sleep in there with all those black roses ?
having read that , i dumped the rose at the nearest bin to me .
he smiled sweetly and handed me a rose .
a black rose .
yellow roses .
# 9 did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete proving natures laws wrong it learned to walk without feet funny it seems , but by keeping its dreams it learned to breathe fresh air long live the rose that grew from concrete when no one else even cared tupac amaru shakur during the phone interview , you mentioned that you had worked with kids .
# 9 did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete proving natures laws wrong it learned to walk without feet funny it seems , but by keeping its dreams it learned to breathe fresh air long live the rose that grew from concrete when no one else even cared tupac amaru shakur during the phone interview , you mentioned that you had worked with kids .
-the end- acknowledgement the last piece of poetry ' the rose that grew from concrete ' is originally by tupac amaru shakur .
ya , they were one of my favorites , along with guns n roses , aerosmith , and black sabbath .
she was holding a beautiful bouquet of red roses .
i studied the rich red colored roses .
to my surprise , he was sitting on the bed with a dozen roses .
sure , let me just put these roses in a cup .
i took a moment to sniff the roses and inhale their delightful aroma .
i placed the roses in a cup from the bathroom and filled it with water .
as we got out of the car , the smell of roses enveloped me .
just recently the roses have gotten bigger and the smell stronger .
the oddest thing was i found a rose that grew in the shape of a heart .
her updo with the miniature roses and strands of pearls was a work of art .
the spray is cool , i like the sound , and i can smell sweet almond and roses .
really , i ' m fine , '' i say , rushing my words , glancing at the rose as if to ask it for help .
i pick up my rose masterpiece , kiss it gently , and then set it back down .
my stomach spins when uncle hands me a painting of two roses , one red and one white .
dang if i did n't think two roses was sittin ' on my doorstep .
two entangled roses pop off the page .
i shake my head no and gaze at the roses .
i stare at the roses .
i dip my brush into pink and add petals to a rose while reizo works on the stem in pencil .
it was as if they were a rose blooming in the spring , but donna was the entire rose and the other girls were just the leafy stems .
it was as if they were a rose blooming in the spring , but donna was the entire rose and the other girls were just the leafy stems .
the vase on the counter was filled with red roses i 'd not noticed before .
a plant grows under the water , with a prickle like a thorn , like a rose , that will wound your hand .
and that everything was n't roses and sunshine all of the time ?
she held some roses and a trophy she won in a spring dance contest .
he held it to his nose and savored the memory of roses and stolen kisses .
at the base were a dozen red roses .
cause you do n't really want to do anything about that far away ghetto problem , preferring to limit your interest to an occasional comment when you 're chatting with your golfing buddies or snipping roses at the garden club .
she had long golden - brown hair , deliciously slender , smelled like roses , and always dressed really cute .
meanwhile , retrieved a rose that i had hid in my sleeve and gently sat her down .
at the sight of the rose , or perhaps from the impact of the moment , she started to cry .
and she sent an image of a bunch of red texas roses , with a cardinal like the ones in her yard fluttering nearby .
you should have planted more vegetables instead of all those roses !
before he left , rosa gave him provisions , and rosehips from the roses in the garden .
back to top 3 the rat and the rose but the hermits had heard his call .
he yearned to go down to that land of milk and honey and dance with rosa in the moonlight and make love with her in the scented darkness , and in the morning watch the lambs playing in the fields , and admire his wifes cabbages and ducklings , and see the dew on the roses sparkle in the sun .
on the day the rose was fully opened , calibur happened to pass his old cave on an errand to cut firewood for the hermitage .
seized with the desire to show his gratitude to life and the goddess , he climbed down the dangerous slope and picked the single rose .
taking water from the spring , he filled the hollow so that the rose floated in it .
then he had a long drink of the icy rose - scented water , and looked around , and the mountains seemed to enfold him , and for a moment life was no riddle , or if it was , he and every other living thing , and every rock and the clear air and the blue sky and the water of the well and the rose floating in it , were all the answer he needed .
and , saying he was tired , he laid the icon at her feet , went out into the night and wept among the roses which he had planted for her .
suddenly he heard loud bleating and a flock of goats came running into the clearing that was once his cottage , and began eating the roses and tearing up the grass .
still , sometimes he prayed in secret to the goddess for the return of rosa , and he tried to live a balanced life , between the hot noisy forge and the cool leafy garden of herbs and roses and cabbages , which he had replanted .
and the light that engulfed them spread into the thorns , and they returned to the waking world and the agony of the thorns to see a strange sight : a wave was passing through all the branches , and as it passed the tendrils grew rosebuds , and the sharp points shrank , and the tendrils that held the lovers uncoiled , and rosa and calibur embraced before the whole company that were now gathered about them , while all the roses began to bloom .
some said afterwards , and it entered the legends of aeden , that they looked up and saw that the heart of the woman was like a rose glowing with living fire , and the man was holding aloft a fiery sword like arcratine , the guardian sword of the sacred grove where the shining heartstone crowned the tree of life .
and we can rebuild the cottage , and raise ducks and grow roses again !
he gave me flower bouquets filled with blue irises , my favourite , and roses , daisies and all sorts of different varieties to fill my room .
shed love it more than any roses or diamonds or an ultra - thin cell phone .
more alcohol would certainly help recapture some of the magic of the previous night , so i found a few bottles of a good cava and nine roses .
the sheet was just covering her breasts and i placed the roses beside her and uncorked the cava .
her birthday had been that weekend and i brought her three roses and eliades , the myth of eternal return .
i met marina at the airport with three roses and she looked more beautiful than ever in the light snow .
i try to recall the days when it may have evoked a comfortable feeling of predictability ; but now i find it too obscure a memory , too distant and tainted ; i stare at it in an attempt to make it real -- the sharp green hedges and sleek white fences marking boundaries , lush and blossoming fruit trees dropping petals and spotting well - manicured lawns , tall stemmed dahlias top heavy and leaning against sides of chimneys like frail birds , miniature roses thorny and blood - red languishing on trellises , sharp gleaming metal of bikes and scooters and pogo sticks tipped onto their sides , stray balls adrift , rolling along like tumbleweeds in some phantom breeze .
and the roses i sent you .
you are like a rose to me .
inside a manila envelope , someone left one black rose and a copy of what looked like a student senate bill .
she smelled like a flower in bloom in the spring , like the roses in our front yard .
i ' m glad my dad did n't plant roses under my window .
hmm , i am going to have to make sure that the roses are thriving i guess .
well just make sure he is n't allergic to roses .
careful young lady you are nt old enough to be dating and i do nt know how to plant roses .
speaking of roses , how is ted ?
this time he could nt calm them so he just put the roses in my arms and had me to walk to the front of the stage .
i was twelve years old and sitting comfortably in the cool shade of a rose - apple tree .
that , cunning as they all are , they do nt realize their judge , jury and executioner stands before them , painted in roses and ink .
i wince as he lightly traces the intricate patterns of roses and a phoenix rising from the ashes that now adorns my midsection .
mavis had set each table with red roses from the garden out back , standing in water glasses , and jazzy tickled the fleshy petals with her fingertips .
the walk to the old house ventured through the garden by way of a forged path around an english roses hedge .
i wanted to give these to you , he handed her a bouquet of thirteen roses .
if you want to wait , i have no problems with it , she smelled the roses .
she led him over to the bed that was surrounded by white candles and red roses .
well , it was nt that it drove me crazy , but whenever he apologized , even if it were something where an apology was nt needed , he gave me a bouquet of red roses , with one white rose in the center .
she looked at the gold broach that had twelve red roses engraved on it , with a white one in the center .
good , will you please have a dozen champagne colored roses sent to his room along with a 97 bottle of cabernet ?
well , christophers at the funeral home finalizing the arrangements and roses closing up the diner for me .
all young people and elders alike are running toward them , throw roses them .
she pulls the tape off the flap , lifts the flap up , and looks in at a dozen , bold white roses looking back up at her .
these are the roses of peace .
i do nt have time to stop and smell the roses .
i do nt even like roses anyway , they make me sneeze .
a colorful tattoo on his forearm spelled out rosalie just above a red rose .
daniel placed the rose on her side table .
her pale skin took on a tint of rose and she smiled .
a long - stemmed rose erupted proudly from a slim vase placed in the centre of the table .
roses and gardens digest was the one she chose .
the scent of lilies and roses made the hospital smell more like nature and less like rubbing alcohol .
five red roses .
the chameleon doodled on a lined pad while thinking ; the words read : violets are blue , roses are red mrs . hokobu will soon be dead catchy , but probably not one of our bestsellers , the chameleon thought .
she smelled like a mixture of roses and woman , and it spiked his temperature up a couple of notches .
it was roses , sweet and seductive , combined with red - hot female .
the sweet scent of roses wafted through the room .
i guess it made it all that more believable since i was holding roses .
he pointed to a large bouquet of yellow roses on a chest near the bathroom .
she was dressed in a pair of dark slacks and a white blouse with hand - sewn red roses across the front .
the wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them , and the desert shall rejoice , and blossom as the rose .
the apartment had old - fashioned wallpaper decorated with tiny pink roses , and a hardwood floor that needed buffing .
so , what 's new in rose 's world ?
her cheeks flushed a deep rose and she punched his arm , muttering a half - hearted shut up , while skye responded with a roll of his blue eyes .
you tell us when you find out , general rose stated .
chocolate roses and a white chocolate ganache covered the top of the cake .
centre stage a posy of roses arranged in a clear ball - shaped vase provided a touch of unexpected colour .
in the summer when the garden was in full bloom she kept the silk daisy in the glove box , filled the little vase with water and placed a fresh rose stem into it .
my mother used to grow roses and it was often my job to pick them for the house .
whenever i see roses i think of my mom .
the people who owned the house before me , loved roses and they left many varieties in the garden .
i ducked behind a group of older men out for a stroll , and then after a glance behind my shoulder , i slid behind a cart and a man selling roses .
a man with corn silk hair offered me a rose .
he seemed perfectly content to sell roses all day .
he did nt seem to understand and went back to selling roses .
i tried not to bump tables and knock over the vases holding roses as i weaved between them .
as he entered their stateroom the aroma of lavender and roses drifted out .
the early roses are beginning , andre tells me , and the lilies promise well .
the roses and lilies in his garden may have faded , but the year turns toward the good darkness and will turn to the light again .
well , terry , if you take the matter to court you must expect that andrew will not come out of this smelling of roses .
this wilder side to maxi , more like a cornered tigress than a sweet english rose , must have played a big part in the attraction nick felt for her .
hank went voluntarily , realizing that roses words not here , not now , were more appropriate than she knew .
jen and alex were dancing to the stone roses .
in a churchyard on a hillside where the flowers grow and twine , there grow roses amongst the posies , on the grave of clementine .
big purple roses , some overlapping , some enormous , some curiously small .
exactly , says rigby , motioning his hands and bowing down as if he were waiting for claps and roses .
you ll come out of this smelling like a rose , and this way i do nt get shot down by some pig when i m trying to turn myself in .
green tablecloths covered several round tables in the back half of the room , and centerpieces of yellow roses adorned each table .
you can take a little broken ugly thing , stand at the right angle , and see it as beautiful , as glorious as a rose and as a star . ''
i know you think you re on the road to bein a swell , maybe runnin a gin joint or bein a bolito boss for the queen bee one of these days , but i m here to say it ai nt all wine and roses , and you d do well to beat another path through those tangled woods right now .
he noticed for the first time that she was wearing a gown , a fine lemon - colored satin frock with mauve la france roses painted on the skirt .
she says you ve begun to see life is nt always a bed of roses .
as he started recounting the battle , tam smiled to think it was like having the queen herself brief you on that family squabble of yesteryear called the war of the roses .
` ` the journal says you want to try and give the europeans a run for the roses . ''
the coffin , at the foot of the altar , was completely covered in yellow roses and white daisies .
the him in question had even left a bouquet of roses resting on the roof of the car .
he continued to look out at the crowd with a sexy snarl as girls pelted him with undergarments and , every so often , roses .
he tried not to think of anything as he prepared to place the rose on the outline .
but trust me he is not deadhis spirit still lives here the words unfroze him ; he dropped the rose and looked up .
a sting the color of roses climbed steeles cheek .
instead of fresh carnations in china vases in the centre of each table , there were tacky fake roses in fog stained , mock crystal flutes .
` ` rose - marie sugars please call me rose , '' she introduced herself warmly .
marla backed away from rose and dabbed her eyes with a tissue , at that moment she felt such contempt for her , that she wanted to run screaming to the police and blow the lid clean off her dirty little secret .
marla straightened her back and sucked air in through her teeth , attempting to rustle up a smile before roses assault grew worse .
` ` okay , jayy , you get going to roses and ill call you later . ''
the adrenalin was pumping furiously through his veins and his heart was beating so hard , he was certain that rose would be able to hear it .
anna looked at the gun and then back at rose .
now he had to get the other story from rose .
her story was pretty consistent with what i got from rose .
she called on anna for help and she put her onto rose and told her that she would take care of it if she promised to leave her alone after that .
ben rubbed his scar and thought about rose and ed and then looked back at jay , a smirk creeping over his face .
on it sits a small white teddy bear holding a rose .
i whisper and my eyes rest on the teddy bear holding a rose .
when he was young , sister roses stare seemed like nothing more than rage .
thaddeus turned the hacksaw in his hand and , wondering if the sensation would be seen as pain or relief to her now , began to saw at the flesh of sister roses neck .
as thaddeus strode out of the main door , beyond a hall porter beset by maniacs , he turned and rammed sister roses head on the spiked railings circling the building .
i think what you saw as a circle was a rose .
i had to race in bath and when i went out i bought some red roses a beautiful great and perfumed bunch .
to supper from stefania with my beautiful bunch of roses redheads and the box of chocolates in hand i played to the bell of house of stefania .
already i said handing her roses .
the house with the lincoln glowed white and had roses growing by the front porch .
a briefcase opened and out rushed oil fields , elephants , roses , bears , a mercedes , tigers , a handgun , computer disks , and stairs , stairs , stairs , lit by a dark blue light .
but i would like to ask rose and charlene to help with the serving at the reception . ''
the old man caught ellen rose 's eyes peering at the candy in the jars .
chapter 2 ellen rose was n't what they expected .
chapter 6 under the impression that it was an afterthought james dean reckoned they could stop by ellen roses house and see if she was at home yet .
it did nt take them long to get to ellen roses house .
as they walked along the path towards the front door , karla trailed her fingertips over the roses growing along the low fence .
the sun was warm , the scent of roses heavy on the air .
the smile of garbo and the scent of roses .
garcia was sure glad he had reported on the phone instead of in person.-even from thirty miles away , he could almost see how angry laquidera was and how red his face was.-the boss sure did nt like to be crossed.- i guess were going to have to ask some more pointed questions , norton , he told his buddy after he hung up the phone.-the boss is even angrier that alvarez is missing than he is about mendez , i think.-come on , we ve got another load of lumber to take over to where that guy , oreilly , is building his new house.-then well need to think of other ways to look for both of them.-garcia would have been even more concerned if he could have seen the hotel room after jorge had finished having his temper tantrum.-he had put his booted foot through the glass - topped coffee table.-he had thrown both end table lamps against the wall and a pretty mantel clock and a beautiful vase full of roses lay in pieces on the floor.-his stream of curse words ranged from spanish to english and back to spanish .
just as the first of the vehicles that had been described in detail to harrington by the surveillance teams came into sight , a uniformed man alighted from his florist delivery truck.-he took a huge bouquet of roses from the back of the truck and made his way to the front door of the building where the offices of the smugglers were located .
hey , it must be your birthday , mrs . blackaby.-do you know how lucky you are to have a husband who cares enough to send you two dozen yellow roses ? -as the first of the drug runners were entering the building , he was in serious conversation with the receptionist about the flowers which the delivery man kept between him and the three men who headed for the elevator .
well , of course , they re gorgeous and yellow roses are my favorite but i ca nt imagine why anyone would be sending them to me.-two more men headed for the elevator and then a third came hurrying after them.- how about opening the card and seeing who sent them ? -that could nt hurt could it ? -i do nt have any idea where i would find someone else with your name.-do you ? -while she reluctantly opened the card on the little plastic holder that was stuck in the vase with the flowers , the delivery man ( a.k.a .
hey , fellows , i m trying to deliver these beautiful yellow roses and this lady has the right name but she does nt seem to think they were meant for her.-would you look at this card and see if you can help me out ? -as bolton had hoped , the men had stopped and passed the card from one to the other .
a rose ?
each card was marked with an exquisitely drawn rose , with thin black lines coloring the edges of the red petals ; it was the same shade of red as ryus headband .
the edge of the card had pricked her finger like the sharp thorn of a rose .
tawnya pointed at rose .
she wanted to cry , weep for release , but roses presence held a certain sense of control over her .
quickly , tawnya grabbed at rose , but her hands went through empty air .
tawnya sat rigid , continuing to look at roses beautiful face , and then flinched at feis forceful touch .
ah , my bookmark , she said , snatching the rose engraved tarot card from the grass .
she looked at the card with the rose , then looked up at the lady again .
a card with a rose appeared in front of his eyes , willing him to take it and observe the details behind it .
you will end this , came roses words .
the mark of the rose emblazoned in his pupils , then disappeared when ryu crushed it in his fist .
emotions , roses voice echoed , weaken a fighter .
akumas body appeared , smoky and intangible , the dark soul releasing itself completely from roses body .
he had one of the janitors bring out a bushel of single roses in one of those wheelie carts and stand it by the podium .
during the procession i saw gary reith place a rose by the flagpole .
he put everything up systematically on the floor with one eye on the rose .
he studied the rose a few minutes .
he took up the name of the rose by umberto eco , which he bought in english at the berlin hauptbahnhof .
he saw pictures of a pile of roses .
come on , tell me , and we can have you out of here in time for a pint across the road before dinnertime , and no charges laid , and you both smelling as sweet as roses .
she had curly , brown hair that always smelled like roses .
in biology , april even gave me a note that of course smelled of roses .
those were usually overflowing with roses in the summer .
it was appropriate that they d settled on a love seat bedecked with pink and white cabbage roses and quite estranged from the hustle and bustle of the main house .
the lady of the house smelled great , like jasmine and grasse roses , and she was wearing a very elegant , lavender dress .
he reached for me with one hand , and reached for the rose with other .
the fragrance of the roses and other flowers floated from the garden on a gentle breeze .
but he had an axe and a gun and all i had were a few rose shaped golden candles and a red tablecloth .
shed had much success in mimicking them , and just like with others , maggie got a goofy smile and opened up like a flower , only it was nt so elegant as a rose or a lily or even a dandelion .
sheila went to the door and returned with a dozen red roses .
why is he sending you roses ?
sheila slammed the roses into the trash and left the apartment without a word .
william had already arranged for a local florist to deliver two dozen red roses to darlene parsons , the lead in whom he had developed an interest .
it was a tidy neighborhood of modest homes with children playing in front yards , a man working underneath his car in one driveway , and neighbors chatting over a property - line raised bed of roses in another yard .
a minute later a waiter in a dark tuxedo appeared and gave gloria a single rose .
she thanked him and put the rose into a small vase near her place setting .
it was a lame ` ` roses are red '' poem , but it was mine , and it was for me , so i did n't care .
he did n't mind as much as mrs . higgins was deaf as a post anyway , although it did n't stop his face from turning as red as a rose .
her dress was black with big red roses all over it , i m gon na kick your poxy head in , you lesbo bitch .
mary , my bride would like soft pink roses with lots of baby breaths , says alex , smiling .
those intertwining roses and stems , though faded and yellowing , had been a fleeting contact with her memory when he opened his eyes first thing every morning .
looking around at the roses and azaleas before turning his attention back to us .
displaying slightly better manners , mary kate , who had been hanging back , moved forward , touching a rose petal gently with her fingertip .
covered in elaborate , swirly , pink roses , i figured i could scavenge enough thread .
no more be grieved at that which thou has done : roses have thorns , and silver fountains mud : clouds and eclipses stain both the moon and sun , and loathsome canker lives in sweetest bud .
when he took his jeans off to snuggle under the eiderdown rose had provided he half expected them to stand up on their own .
the drama teacher and school principal were with the cast , handing roses to each of the performers .
after a month of delivering the milk , mike began leaving a single rose with it .
however , he sang a gruesome song with a tune similar to ring around the roses , a song that remained in lilys mind as stubbornly as a jingle , a little piece of your flesh .
it smelled of roses and , predictably , jasmine .
their fascination with her rare heirloom roses must have been too much temptation to resist and they had risked trouble to pick her a large bouquet , which they held out for her with appeal in their eyes .
slightly annoyed , she looked at the jagged stems of the roses , ripped from the plant carelessly and she worried about the thorns that were probably embedded in the twins hands .
in the summer red roses twined in through the slats .
she knew that it was nt the cold that made him shake , his lips were a healthy rose color , not blue with cold and his teeth did not chatter .
burnette : cargo lock 5 , best selling science fiction crime thriller kenji , a god of war fantasy novel the complete paphos series all greek to me i. c. springman copyright 2013 i. c. springman smashwords edition dedication to edward snowden , chelsea manning , and all those who risked so much to give us a snowballs chance contents before - came back haunted 1 song of the dispossessed 2 somewhere near texas ( i lost my man ) 3 you are a tourist 4 lately 5 the glory of economy 6 roses for the dead 7 this charming man 8 hard to explain 9 breaking into cars 10 bizness 11 via con me 12 people like us 13 trust 14 hidden systems 15 ghost in the machine 16 reboot the mission 17 you can leave your hat on 18 things ai nt what they used to be 19 a mansion and a yacht 20 serve them well 21 london calling 22 the palace guards 23 step into my office , baby 24 of all the gin joints 25 the killing type 26 riding shotgun down the avalanche 27 lost in hollywood after - if i did nt care it turns out that 730 top shareholders are able to control 80 % of the operating revenue of all tncs ( transnational corporations ) .
6 roses for the dead so what is it with you and your mom ?
in the front of the van , dwarfed by a bowl of long - stemmed roses , john shook his head .
while to john she said in a low tone , eyes narrowed in rage , and you - give me those damn roses .
behind her back someone kicked the bowl over and there was a free - for - all to see who could grind the roses most thoroughly to a pulp .
my eyes must have been either tainted by the color of the rose or maladjusted , because i was only able to see through a reddish hue .
he talked to the rose now .
it began with the faint smell of charred wood that mixed sickeningly with the scent of roses .
i closed my eyes and took my memory back to what i had seen through the eyes of the rose .
there were still roses blooming along trellises and ivy clinging to the buildings .
its intended to remind him of roses and honey , he supposes , but in reality its the aroma of desperation .
roses swaying in the breeze , waves of that same breeze rippling across a field of long grass , a flock of birds twisting and turning like one organism , not a thousand .
she was just starting her drink when david stood before her , a dozen red roses in his hand .
it had a beautiful country pub with climbing roses and ivy rambling over stone walls .
she had the venomous fragrance of a thousand roses from the vale of death .
frank switched on the stereo and the grinding guitars of guns n roses filled the car .
jason found himself wishing frank would turn the guns n roses back on .
she would throw money at the cab driver , then fly past the bubbling fountain and blooming roses through the apartment , to his arms .
plain livingdinner at home , trimming the roses , checking the bees , bubble bathswas new , special , and perfect .
at twelve - thirty on august 8 , alex was arranging a dozen orange roses when matthew called from the airport .
rebecca watched her daughter mourning the loss of her own roses and sunflowers that once lived in her own yard outside her safe home .
holding a bouquet of two dozen white roses and another bottle of cristal champagne , his eyes flashed with desire .
he stroked her dark soft hair with his lips and smelled its damp , fresh scent which seemed like wild roses .
the smell of roses and lilies followed her like a train .
she breathed in the sweet smell of blooming roses .
there was some other smell under the scent on roses .
the ideas had started with sending her a dozen roses affixed to a love - note , and had peaked at me serenading her from the parisian rooftops ... dressed as don juan .
he ended the monologue , referencing the lady in black who leaves a rose at rudolph valentinos tomb every year .
there was a scene in the film , just before the mystery woman left the rose at valentinos crypt .
he stopped on the way at a flower shop and picked up a beautiful bouquet of pink roses , his mother 's favorite .
even though pink roses were her favorite , he knew she would never admit that she liked them .
he even thought of leaving the roses with the receptionist .
after waiting about ten minutes , he grabbed the roses and got out of the car .
preview and purchase via russell 's website go back to contents carmens roses copyright 2014 jennifer barraclough published by jennifer barraclough at smashwords all rights reserved .
a rather dilapidated wooden villa , painted white and blue , set in a wilderness of a garden filled with cascades of climbing roses , red and pink and white , tangled around the old fruit trees and overhanging the slimy green water of a neglected pond .
the narrow wooden deck looked down over the steep slope of the garden , a jungle of roses , ivy , passionfruit , jasmine , bougainvillea and other tropical plants not known to me , a tree laden with lemons and near the bottom another tree , huge and gnarled , which i thought was a plum .
she called it after one of those roses at the back felicite et perpetue .
i had gone on to the supermarket to buy some food and wine for a simple supper , which i ate in the warm spring twilight on storms deck , while perpetua picked her way along the wooden balustrade with dainty steps , poised like a tightrope walker above the steep bank with its profusion of rambling roses .
i ve rather given up on pruning the roses in recent years and just let them grow wild , as you can see .
they re old english roses , you know .
underneath a stack of self - help and vegetarian cookery books i found the folder of watercolor paintings of old english roses .
as storm had done , i chose roses as my subject , starting with the copper - pink variety called albertine .
i could understand why storm had given up on the dense wilderness , and could also imagine how easily she had stumbled and fallen after having a drink or two , for under its tangled covering of rambling roses and creeper the ground below the deck sloped down at a treacherously steep angle .
and before dinner i sat out on the deck , breathing the scents of rose and jasmine , watching the sailing boats pass to and fro in the harbour , admiring perpetua as she pranced along the balustrade , and enjoying a glass of the lovely new zealand wine .
well , its a shame the roses were nt correctly pruned earlier in the season .
her face was brightly painted , her long loose hair had been tinted auburn , and she had a red rose stuck on each side of her head .
chapter 16 the preview home at the flat for it did seem like home now the blue and yellow jar had been placed in the middle of the table and filled with roses .
with a sense of dj vu i cautiously made my way down the steep bank , overgrown with the tangled stems of the old roses , now covered in dead flowers .
carmens roses is the first in her series of interlinked novellas , which continues with blue moon for bombers and finishes with the windflower vibration .
he went back to the car to fetch the roses he bought his aunt .
he retrieved the roses and ran back towards the glass doors of the hospital just like every person was forced to do unless they wanted to get wet .
well i brought you some roses , he said happily .
she asked about her health and commented on the roses .
it was a private estate of detached houses with large frontages of manicured lawns that featured a kaleidoscope of coloured roses .
the second delivery , a dozen red roses , bore the get well wishes of cecil and gloria habersham .
beautiful paintings hung on every wood - panelled wall , and the ceiling had deep , moulded cornices and an enormous rose , from which a chandelier hung , its electric lights sparkling in the crystals .
two david sniffed the rose and adjusted the ribbon .
red was her favorite color and she only liked roses with a strong scent .
unscented roses were a waste of time to her .
shed once told juicy that a single rose was a romantic gesture , but an entire dozen smacked of desperation .
would she notice the rose ?
she sniffed the rose and her smile grew .
and while the rose was pretty , please do nt do stuff like that , foxtrot .
the rose i found on my car this morning .
the roses dried up months ago .
did you like the rose ?
you re so pretty like a rose .
he remembered the paint and the roses .
there was a rose on my car yesterday morning .
the texts said things like did you get the rose ?
and you re so pretty like a rose .
a pretty rose deserves better than a big prick .
she led the group closer to the car where warren was bagging samples of the shredded remains of at least a dozen roses thrown across the interior .
the side was spray painted in blood red : every rose has its thron holy .
the rose was sent right after you met her .
there were about ten dozen roses in vases around the room .
the roses had raised tommy after her mother nancy died in childbirth .
safe too from the revenge of the shirleys at the methodist church , unless nate shirley made a surprise visit on the off - chance that merry gay rose might be singing at the morning service .
his face bloomed with blood red as roses .
it was as if these were the real roses and those before had been only propped up people about to fall .
to stay with the roses for a few days , she 'd told her grandfather she was going and he 'd told her parents where she was gone .
that said , he walked off with the rifle and his lantern swinging , along the side - yard between his house and the house next door to the rose 's .
in the wind rushing around the northwest side of the house , she made a beeline for the fence jamb overlooking the lane and the bent pear tree , limbs broken from the weight of the solid pendulous pears they had shared with anse and jean only weeks before , the gritty , tart fruit cobbled into sweet doughy pies for them or sometimes simply baked whole with cinnamon and sweet butter from the rose 's milk cow .
that evening on the rose 's front porch , at sunset , hoss in his rocker called out for merry gay inside the house to come listen .
really merry gay thought it possible that tommy might be considered the enemy too because of will and also her association with the roses , her family .
after his hunting buddy redbone 's funeral , hoss rose would never take death serious again - life , yes , but not death , which he had no control over .
her cheeks grew flushed , roses of pink .
the roses had kin - people all over charlton county and they showed up at the courthouse in folkston on the day of the trial .
all were armed and one nervous townsperson and county official was overhead to say , ` ` if them roses want to burn down the courthouse , i 'll not only let'em i 'll holp 'em strike the match . ''
i wonder how many anniversary bouquets were sold here , how many valentine roses were given to lovers , and how many wreaths were made for funerals .
life was roses .
burns shot her a look that would have withered plastic roses .
anger made the detectives blue eyes flash , and another , darker emotion flushed his cheeks a light but obvious shade of rose .
she wore deep blue jeans that made her red shoes bud as roses do in early spring .
i made my way back to the procession and noticed the group was forming a line in which to put a rose , or other tokens of expression , atop the casket .
i put the kite and a letter i d written amid the roses and carnations , then left the church biting my lip .
the americans did nt fire guns at the embassy of the holy see but rather blasted guns and roses .
when i first heard , what we have here is a failure to communicate , in the guns and roses song , i ran down to the blockbuster and got all pauls movies .
he scribbles roses information down , then tears out the page of the notepad that she had written on and hands it to the officer .
he repeatedly works himself into a frenzy while on duty at roses building .
he quickly scans his surroundings for witnesses , then sprints off towards his own home , quickly glancing back at roses building in case a rogue attacker happened to materialize while he was venting his rage .
to protect people like rose , johnny says , pumped about his new assignment to protect the girl .
do you think its rose ?
she combines several different alcohols into a glass and plops down the bright green concoction in front of rose .
* * * a rose , johnny says .
the detective picks up the rose with a gloved hand and smells it for freshness .
so , we have a white rose , and a rose white .
he aims it first at rose , then at the black jester , who begins to rush him .
the bullet does nt lodge in rose , but continues its deadly path directly into the black jesters chest .
from behind the killers costume , from inside the black jesters mind , michael looks at his beautiful rose and aches with remorse seeing the fearful expression on her still - bruised face .
a beautiful arrangement of yellow roses sat on the dining table .
she walked over to the roses and noticed the table had been set and a bowl of salad and steaming garlic bread were ready to eat .
roses , daisies , and i love tulips . ''
he was startled by the array of colours that greeted him ; roses , gerberas , hydrangea and chrysanthemums of pinks , yellows and greens were all neatly wrapped with ribbons and raffia .
mine is a double of four roses , a smooth tasting american whiskey , with a short beer on the side .
we eased into a couple of seats at the bar , and roxy , the bartender , set up our drinks , which were the sloe gin fizz , beer , and a double of four roses .
roxy came over , poured us each a beer , and laid a double of four roses beside mine .
i walked to my desk , opened the bottom drawer , and pulled out a bottle of four roses .
with that , i lifted my hand , and the bottle of four roses went crashing into his face .
matt saw the bottle of four roses lying invitingly on the floor , picked it up , and put it to his lips .
i walked over to the window , picked up my bottle of four roses , and poured a shot for each of us .
i put the cap back on , replaced it , and reached for the four roses .
he was shaking , and his hands could hardly hold the bottle of four roses .
a yellow rose , thomas said in a low voice , but everyone in the room was perfectly still , they could all hear .
a yellow rose stands for sympathy .
his smile was infectious as rose and a few others let out a chuckle .
warden donald bright had joined rose dixon and several other uniformed prison guards at the foot of the alley .
you know , you pull them off the roses , throw them at the neighbours windows , and run off before they see you .
she is parked in the center of the white sofa covered with bright pink and red roses attached to dark green plant stems sewn into the fabric .
hawk leans into her nose profile smelling her perfume of roses and vanilla spice .
in speaking of the roses , sheridan had a forensic team run some test on them .
the roses and the symbolism as you named it a few minutes ago .
i was a little occupied at the time , but the city adopted a policy of raising a yellow rose , one for each of the missing victimsthat included me .
the yellow rose evolved into a symbol of hope for a city that desperately needed it at the time .
this was once been used by the doge for his personal visits to the church , mario explained as he led morgan and jake behind the great marble pillars of rose and teal .
and then he fumbled it , the phone landing in a bed of yellow roses near his shoes .
relax darling the assuring voice of rose interceded .
i have no hope she uttered to rose you should be optimistic rose poked her .
she passed by rose who was busy at the staff - room attended to some students , they had a minute and she gave her the keys of the car .
the guy is not poor as they described him , in fact i had seen him before here i swear i did rose , but by that time he looking that poor but to my surprise , he is driving the same model i used to have and seems like he is on a good life she frowned at rose .
with a bit of polish this option could still allow you to emerge from the shit swamp smelling of pure english roses .
she smelled the spicy - rose scent of sals cologne .
in fact , they resembled crude facsimiles of the villa scarlett and sal had stayed in up on the rim of ngorongoro crater , only she did nt think these would boast interiors flush with long - stem roses and persian silks .
joe smelled the sweet smell of brush roses mixed with the salt of casco bay .
devon felt like the little boy in the st . exupry story who lived on an asteroid with a rose .
his mother sat a vase of yellow roses , shrouded with babys - breath , on a stainless steel table .
crowded on a table before the drapes and in front of an inset mirror and around the sink were vases of roses and daises and various hyacinths infused with babys - breath , all black and white in the shadows .
so she ignored the red roses , the dahlias , the tulips and the sunflowers .
he had grinned at her and from behind the counter ; he lifted a bucket containing blue roses .
when she left the shop , she was clutching the bouquet of blue roses , which she laid down in the still damp resting place of her husband .
his left hand took the rose before he offered his hand again to alison .
i could nt help but to stop at the mailbox on my way to the street and run my fingers over the hand - painted roses .
i ve been consumed for most of my life with trying to find the cure for cancer , and i know what it means to put your nose to the grindstone , forgetting to stop and smell the roses .
there had been attempts at flower beds along the sidewalk edge , but they had gotten so trampled in the winter that the roses were now grown in tubs that were taken inside before the first flurries .
he was holding a bouquet of mylar balloons in one hand and a vase of roses in another .
as i walked among the hedge of roses , a fresh idea sparked to life .
roses had been my friend deidre 's favorite flower .
i picked six roses off the park 's bushes and ran to my lexus .
as i reached deidre 's building , i remembered i had left the roses in my car .
i returned to the lexus and snatched the pink roses off of the passenger seat .
clasping the roses tight in my hand , i walked up the stairs .
desperate , i brought the roses up to deidre and tried to rest them in her hand .
i looked at the dainty fuchsia roses stuck to my fingers .
as the tea and oats cooked , i noticed a single rose .
the rose was attached to a note left by kevin .
hurriedly going in , i ordered six dozen roses to be sent to deidre .
i had also sent deidre those expensive roses .
i kept it well fertilized and it ended up growing gorgeous roses year after year .
a search was launched and before long i was in the police station with rose , my wife of thirty - nine years , holding my hand .
i was recalling the inscriptions on the bases of some of the wolf - statues i had bought with rose in bulgaria and romania .
i was tempted to say to the family home north of the town , where i presumed rose would be settling down to watch television , but i could nt face her .
i return to roses statement .
i went in search of rose .
shortly after the second trip , i heard , on the grapevine , that a post would be available in sofia for a british diplomat , and after talking it through with rose , i applied .
* * * chapter five the note from rose goes on .
on my way through the reception i noticed a white envelope in the pile of mail on the floor , by the door , with my roses handwriting on it .
it did nt come as a complete surprise of course , i had seen roses volkswagen parked outside a solicitors in nevers several times so i suspected we were close to this point .
attached , was a sheet with a statement by rose , but i did nt want to read it .
after the loss of annie , losing roses respect was the hardest thing to bear .
now i have finished reading roses note , i reflect on it .
* * * chapter nine alone in the roof - space i am thinking about roses note once again .
that was when i found the divorce papers , half out of my jacket pocket , and reread the note from rose .
then into my mind came clearly the words from rose , i still know this about you , however , that you loved annie deeply and would never harm her .
over the main course , we talked about my battle , some of the questions that were still left unanswered and i told her i had decided to tear up the divorce papers and try again with rose .
i put the phone down and rolled over to look at rose .
the police do nt come out smelling of roses either .
i know you will be too polite to ask , but yes , my father was one of the ones that did nt come up smelling of roses .
it is a clear summers day and the roses are out in full bloom across the brick walls of the courtyard at chapel court of christs college .
i turn away from the service , towards the trees behind the execution site , and focus on clutching the enormous bunch of red roses i have brought with me , fingering the thorns along the stems .
he eyes my roses curiously and looks down at his own offering of a small bunch of carnations .
then i wander down to the graves themselves and lay the roses gently down on the freshly dug earth .
she 's pretty like a rose .
that is until we tire out and decide to slow down and smell the roses .
jerrick bought a bouquet of 11 red roses for lidya , following the russian tradition .
an odd number of roses indicated a romance while an even number indicated a funeral .
this year , march 8 fell on a saturday , and jerrick prepared dinner for lidya and bought her a bouquet of red roses .
jerrick glanced at the bouquet of red roses and recycled his present .
cake had five levels , and white , snowy frosting covered the cake with pearl - like beads outlining the edges and sprinkled with white and red roses .
jerrick headed out the door and bought a large bouquet of red roses in the flower shop in the hotels lobby .
he brushed the dirt and debris from the head stones , using his hand , and then placed the roses on his mothers grave .
that makes twenty one red roses in all .
he was all spiffed up and bearing a bouquet of white and red roses .
you note everything : your last glimpse of sunlight ; your last smell of a rose ; the last time you will ever feel the breeze on your skin .
i am methias griffin , a keeper of the rose .
your building has no official title for your office , you re too vague to find on - line , and on the door and your card , it simply says your name and then a drawing of a single rose .
see what he can find out about a solid gold ring with a flower engraved on the top , maybe a rose .
not good , he said aloud as his eyes fell over the symbol of a rose .
rock truly has the rose .
the rose is in play , malcolm agreed .
my estimates before on how likely it is that the rose is in the open may have been somewhat off .
delega is leaving oak island and that move leads us to believe that rock is in control of the rose .
the word is the rose is in the open , anna riley is missing and rock is roaming boston free as a bird and you have no fucking idea where the damned shit is !
if you lose me , you lose any chance at finding the rose .
the civilians name is piper , he said he s part of an organization called the keepers of the rose and that they help keep in tact , ancient valuables .
ahh , it says , the keepers of the rose .
the keepers of the rose , nate repeated .
its solid gold with a rose engraved on it .
what is the significance of the rose ?
they do nt seek the pieces specifically , but the knowledge they hold , and that s what the rose is , just knowledge , nothing physical .
they call themselves the keepers of the rose and you have it or so we think .
those choices , those hardships , from the beginning at oak island up until the point where nate and her found the journal describing the keepers of the rose , it all pointed her to the chance that there might be more to this than what she initially realized .
the keepers of the rose , for instance .
we need the rose to save more people and move the whole worlds precious information to those safe areas .
the us government is just as corrupt as the keepers of the rose .
we were just checking up on this ring , the one with the rose , like the coopers .
this is the journal of a man who was in the organization , the keepers of the rose , that s what they call themselves .
the keepers of the rose , he repeated .
the keepers of the rose , they call themselves .
my job was to provide information on you and if applicable , to locate the rose and relay that location as well .
you keep the rose , you re more likely to get through , rock said .
his sole purpose was to retrieve rock tilton and the rose and his reward for accomplishing this task would be his brother .
we believe to have acquired the rose .
the rose is yours .
but they did nt have the rose , they are inconsequential .
the rose is mine .
there is a portion of the rose that is missing , rock is trying to find it .
and we need to find the rose and get it back .
you re meant to keep the most important information away from selfish and evil people , just in case they were the ones to find the rose .
i m afraid by letting you have these pages , they will fall into the wrong hands , just like the rose .
not at first , not when you had control of the rose .
i would have seen the pages and had the rose .
the rose and these pages should never be together anymore , they should remain separate .
we should be investigating the cabin site and making headway on our leads involving the keepers of the rose .
does she have access to the rose , would rock give her the pages ?
my guess is she might still be with rock , if he s ok . hell meet up with her when he has an idea of where the missing parts of the rose are located .
we find sayla , well find your rose or the copies if she still has them and hopefully well find rock .
the rose is well protected .
wait , you re ok . sayla , i know who you are , i know you re with the keepers of the rose but i need to know if you have rock .
it was a place he knew would be watched by both the delega group and the keepers of the rose .
with that kind of power , nothing would happen to him as long as he could convince delega or the keepers of the rose that any harm to him would see the copies to the other side .
the rose and everything you ve found since .
if the men arriving were members of the keepers of the rose , this situation could easily end in more violence .
he is a selfish individual who wants the rose for personal gain .
the rose might mean absolutely nothing except to be a potential learning tool .
but i do nt know , we had too little time to look at the rose and these pages .
if i do nt check in within the hour , the copies will be given to another party with instructions to be delivered to the keepers of the rose .
plan for the rose , what s the result of me handing over the information .
i intend to give each country its so - called safe zones once the rose has been deciphered .
the rose was never supposed to exist .
the keepers of the rose are selfish , i was once one of them .
sieb was the head of the us government task force that was meant to deal with the possibility that the rose was real and its information correct .
lets just say i gave him this place and all my information so he can obtain the rose and however high he rises because of this , i come along .
i want a place in the safe zones should you acquire the rose and i want you to use your resources , technology , and men , to get my brother out alive , away from the keepers , who now hold him hostage .
interesting to be sure but not the path to get you the rose .
vitori believes hell trade anna directly for the copies of the rose and the missing pages rock has recovered .
then go inside and watch to make sure dr . redman has no trouble when he starts dissecting the rose .
not only that , but you also have to dodge the resources they have at the keepers of the rose .
the keepers of the rose now had him and anna and delega and agent sieb .
because we still have the rose and the copies are destroyed .
sayla opened the bag and rock saw that the rose was tucked safely within .
the rose is nt out of reach yet .
so i ve now given each of you a chance , talk to him and convince him and the rose could be yours .
that is not to say that it was actually any good , it is more an indictment of modern critics that they are so terrified of expressing an original , or at least , truthful , opinion , that a turd could pass for a rose just so long as it is the accepted view .
he led a comeback against michigan that was still talked about fifteen years later , and followed that up by winning the rose bowl mvp in a romp of usc .
with a heavy hint , he announced how hungry he was and suggested they check on the progress of miss roses feast .
he got close enough to see the rose tattoo on the mans arm .
he took off a necklacea replica of the rose he had tattooed on his arm .
a medallion of a long - stemmed rose hung over his heart as if it were protecting it .
miss roses apartment was three doors down and across the hall from beths room .
part four war of the roses chapter 73 the last train to clarksville was a silver camaro with new york plates .
he had many similarities to his brothers , including the rose tattoo on his arm , but one difference was the cadence of his voice .
she then struggled to remove the rose necklace that carolyn had given her at the cabin and hung it around carolyns neck .
at roses garden centre .
okay , its roses garden centre , brighton road , its on the a259 .
roses garden centre was a big , pleasant looking place a few minutes from brighton town centre .
it took me a long time to get clean ; but with roses love and support , ill never touch smack again .
the house was a lovely little bungalow near to parnell park ; with roses round the door and pottery animals in the front garden .
steve left work early , called claire and told her to be ready to go out to eat and stopped by the florist to pick up some roses .
steve never gave her details of his wall visits or the trip to arlington , the way he felt when he knelt at the kennedy grave as the sun went down , the flame and the single long stem red roses someone had put there burning a lasting image in his mind .
the pedals on the roses in the vase on the ledge above the sink were crispy and brownish .
she tossed out the old roses .
my nose has never detected crud when it should ve been smelled a rose and vice versa .
the doorway itself was framed with a digital display of blooming roses , in lieu of the main attraction .
the manufactured scent of roses hung in the air .
real roses from gramms garden always replaced the fake ones come late spring .
after gathering the enormous bundle of pink roses from her lap , samantha tentatively stepped forward and laid them upon the casket .
after a brief stop at gramms grave to restock the flower cup with fresh pink roses , she took up residence at the now familiar headstone of her mother , leaning against it as if it were her moms steady shoulder .
as he placed the small bouquet of red roses near the headstone , joe stiffened .
formal gardens , planted with lavender , roses , and box hedges in the european style , cascaded down the hillside to steps beach , one of the quietest and most prestigious beaches on the island .
there were white roses everywhere .
once , when his father was alive , langdon had heard his mom begging his father to ` ` stop and smell the roses . ''
then his father had carefully placed the rose on a high dusty shelf in the darkest corner of the living room .
a few days later , langdon got a stool , retrieved the rose , and took it back to the store .
for centuries , the symbol of the rose had been associated with maps and guiding souls in the proper direction .
when diagrammed inside a circle , these thirty - two points of the compass perfectly resembled a traditional thirty - two petal rose bloom .
the brass marker in saint - sulpice was a memorial to the world 's first prime meridian , and although greenwich had stripped paris of the honor in 1888 , the original rose line was still visible today .
` ` the priory keystone has been said to lie ' beneath the sign of the rose . ''
the lid bore a beautiful inlaid design of a rose .
langdon stared in wonderment at the lid 's hand - carved inlay - a five - petal rose .
` ` the five - petal rose , '' he whispered , '' is a priory symbol for the holy grail . ''
she paused , closing the box lid and eyeing the five - petal rose inlaid on it .
` ` did you say earlier that the rose is a symbol for the grail ? ''
in priory symbolism , the rose and the grail are synonymous . ''
` ` that 's strange , because my grandfather always told me the rose meant secrecy.he used to hang a rose on his office door at home when he was having a confidential phone call and did n't want me to disturb him .
` ` that 's strange , because my grandfather always told me the rose meant secrecy.he used to hang a rose on his office door at home when he was having a confidential phone call and did n't want me to disturb him .
sweetie , her grandfather said , rather than lock each other out , we can each hang a rose - la fleur des secrets - on our door when we need privacy.this way we learn to respect and trust each other.hanging a rose is an ancient roman custom .
sweetie , her grandfather said , rather than lock each other out , we can each hang a rose - la fleur des secrets - on our door when we need privacy.this way we learn to respect and trust each other.hanging a rose is an ancient roman custom .
attendees understood that whatever was said under the rose - or sub rosa - had to remain a secret . ''
langdon quickly explained that the rose 's overtone of secrecy was not the only reason the priory used it as a symbol for the grail .
rosa rugosa , one of the oldest species of rose , had five petals and pentagonal symmetry , just like the guiding star of venus , giving the rose strong iconographic ties to womanhood.in addition , the rose had close ties to the concept of '' true direction '' and navigating one 's way .
rosa rugosa , one of the oldest species of rose , had five petals and pentagonal symmetry , just like the guiding star of venus , giving the rose strong iconographic ties to womanhood.in addition , the rose had close ties to the concept of '' true direction '' and navigating one 's way .
for this reason , the rose was a symbol that spoke of the grail on many levels - secrecy , womanhood , and guidance - the feminine chalice and guiding star that led to secret truth .
` ` under the sign of the rose , '' he whispered .
the keystone is an encoded stone that lies beneath the sign of the rose .
beneath the sign of the rose.in architecture , there was no shortage of roses .
` ` the five - petal rose , '' sophie said , pointing suddenly to the spine of one of teabing 's books .
` ` the rose has ties to the five - pointed pentacle of venus and the guiding compass rose .
the rose has always been the premiere symbol of female sexuality .
the priory of sion , to this day , still worships mary magdalene as the goddess , the holy grail , the rose , and the divine mother . ''
the keystone is supposed to be hidden beneath the sign of the rose . ''
` ` it was stored in a rosewood box inlaid with a five - petal rose . ''
` ` the rose , '' he whispered .
the rose is magdalene is the holy grail.the rose is the compass that guides the way.teabing felt foolish .
la clef de voute - a stone key beneath the sign of the rose .
the key to the grail is hidden beneath the sign of the rose .
langdon held the wooden box up to the light and examined the inlaid symbol of the rose .
langdon looked again at the rose .
beneath the rose .
the wooden rose had popped out of the lid and fallen onto the desk .
speechless , langdon stared at the bare spot on the lid where the rose had been .
the poem 's final reference - rosy flesh and seeded womb - was a clear allusion to mary magdalene , the rose who bore the seed of jesus .
far too obvious.apparently there existed some other five - letter reference to the rose 's seeded womb .
i wish i had a shilling for every time i 'd run searches for the rose , mary magdalene , sangreal , merovingian , priory of sion , et cetera , et cetera .
the grail indeed , she thought , noting the references to the rose and her seeded womb .
` ` you told me earlier , '' she said , '' that the timing of the priory 's plans to unveil the truth about ' the rose ' and her fertile womb was linked directly to the position of planets - orbs . ''
this longitudinal rose line is the traditional marker of king arthur 's isle of avalon and is considered the central pillar of britain 's sacred geometry .
roslin this ancient spelling , langdon explained to sophie , derived from the rose line meridian on which the chapel sat ; or , as grail academics preferred to believe , from the '' line of rose '' - the ancestral lineage of mary magdalene .
every surface in the chapel had been carved with symbols - christian cruciforms , jewish stars , masonic seals , templar crosses , cornucopias , pyramids , astrological signs , plants , vegetables , pentacles , and roses .
when the waiter brought celia 's dessert , it was a single rose and a diamond ring .
you ' ve got to admit , the president was lying down and took some pretty big hits recently , but he 's come out of it smelling like a rose . ''
` ` i tried for red roses , '' he said , ` ` but i almost got shot sneaking into the rose garden . ''
she 'd yanked her straw sunhat on so hard the brim touched her ears , and she was takin such snaps with those garden - shears of hers that you'd'a thought she was madam durfarge choppin off heads instead of vera donovan cuttin roses for the parlor n dinin room .
i stood up enough to peek out the window over the sink , but her back was to me and she was workin her shears again for all she was worth ; roses were fallin into her basket like dead soldiers with bloody heads .
the light in the dooryard had gone from that strong afternoon yellow it has in july to a kind of faded rose , and the shadow of the house layin across the driveway had taken on a funny thin kind of look i 'd never seen before and never have since .
the small talk continued as the manager personally took bond up in the lift and showed him into one of the handsome grey and white directoire rooms with the deep rose coverlet on the bed that bond remembered so well .
lovely roses to look at .
james bond got to his feet and went over and read the lead labels of the roses he had been gazing at .
when bond went down the shallow steps to the street and asked the commissionaire for a taxi , a canonflex with a telescopic lens clicked away busily from a red roses laundry van at the neighbouring goods entrance , and in due course the same van followed bond 's taxi while a man inside the van reported briefly to the action room of the special branch .
the red roses laundry van watched the front door shut behind james bond and then moved off at a sedate speed to its garage not far from scotland yard while the process of developing the canonflex film went on in its interior .
he held out the glittering gun as if he was offering james bond a rose .
despite the jamaican heat , she was looking fresh as a rose .
it 's a rose noble of edward iv . '
through the slats of the jalousies bond looked across the little garden , aflame with hibiscus , bougainvillea and roses , which ended in the tiny crescent of white sand half obscured by the trunks of the palms .
he even recorded the scream of a rose being picked .
` ` and after a wonderful dinner i was going to see if it 's true what they say about the scream of a rose . ''
the dragon - fly flashed away through the roses and over the jagged glass on top of the high garden wall .
she poured some of the liquid , a light olive oil , scented , as was everything in that part of the world , with roses , between his shoulder blades and , after flexing her fingers like a pianist , began massaging the sterno - mastoid and the trapezius muscles at the back of the man 's neck .
there were roses all the way , fields of them alternating with the vineyards , hedges of them along the road and , at the approach to the airport , a vast circular bed planted with red and white varieties to make a red star against a white background .
the desk was bare except for a bowl of roses .
from that moment his life had been nothing but roses .
roses , roses , all the way .
roses , roses , all the way .
the colonel reached and picked a rose out of the bowl and sniffed it luxuriously .
the colonel did not answer or look up from the rose .
underneath could be seen a brassiere consisting of two large pink satin roses .
the walls were white and the curtains and chair covers were of a small patterned chintz of red roses on white .
it was a charming double bedroom in modern miami style with dark green walls , dark polished mahogany floor with occasional thick white rugs , and well - designed bamboo furniture with a chintz of large red roses on a white background .
he drank a well - iced pint of rose d'anjou and had a hennessy 's three star with his coffee .
to one side there was a low mound , perhaps a tumulus , completely surrounded and covered with brambles and brier roses now thickly in bloom .
the red squirrel that had appeared at first light and had been steadily eating away at young beech shoots ever since , ran a few feet nearer to the rose - bushes on the mound , picked up something and began turning it in his paws and nibbling at it .
bees clustered thick among the roses on the mound , and from where he was , perhaps twenty yards away from and above the mound , bond could just hear their summery sound .
it was a scene from a fairytale - the roses the lilies of the valley , the birds and the great shafts of sunlight lancing down through the tall trees into the pool of glistening green .
something was moving among the roses .
now , silently , the petals of the rose seemed to swivel and expand , the yellow pistils drew aside and sun glinted on a glass lens the size of a shilling .
as if satisfied , the petals softly swivelled to cover the eye and very slowly the single rose descended to join the others .
then the three small men walked quickly back through the rose and white drawing - room and across the dark carved mahogany hall and out through the elegant front door .
chapter 63 in a quiet neighborhood just west of embassy row in washington , there exists a medieval - style walled garden whose roses , it is said , spring from twelfth - century plants .
chapter 67 west of embassy row , all was silent again inside the walled garden with its twelfth - century roses and shadow house gazebo .
` ` the circumpunct , '' langdon said , ` ` we already know has many meanings -- one of its most esoteric being the rose , the alchemical symbol for perfection .
but , when you place a rose on the center of a cross , you create another symbol entirely -- the rose cross . ''
there were roses in her cheeks .
the roses were just dormant stalks , sticking up out of a surface lumpy with horse manure and shredded bark .
keith appeared at the door , bearing a huge bouquet of roses .
it was in fact a vast , vulgar , wedding cake of a house , smothered in enough climbing roses to make martha stewart wince .
he found out where tara worked - she was a doctor at a red cross aids clinic in one of the shantytowns - and had dozens of roses delivered to her every day .
inside , a hundred - foot ` ` aisle '' lined with thousands of white roses led to a dais - style altar .
but when she closed the door she left behind a faint fragrance of rose and jasmine .
there were four dozen beautiful red roses in a vase .
she gave the roses to cynthia .
after each court victory , there would be four dozen red roses on jennifer 's desk , with a card from michael moretti .
when jennifer returned from the courtroom after winning her next case , there were five dozen red roses waiting for her .
she put on a full - flowing dark green skirt and an off - the - shoulder blouse embroidered in giant red roses , that revealed her patina of suntan .
and connie garrett was dancing around the room and everyone applauded ... mrs . cooper said , i ' m going to give you wyoming ... wyoming ... wyoming ... and adam came in with dozens of red roses and michael said , they 're from me , and jennifer said , i 'll put them in a vase in water , and they shriveled and died and the water spilled onto the floor and became a lake , and she and adam were sailing , and michael was chasing them on water skis and he became joshua and he smiled at jennifer and waved and started to lose his balance , and she screamed , do n't fall ... do n't fall ... do n't fall ... and an enormous wave swept joshua into the air and he held out his arms like jesus and disappeared .
frail , bent almost double with age and grief , peter templeton lead his beautiful daughter towards the rose covered altar .
she would have preferred a dozen roses .
the day after her encounter with mark harris , she was in the models ' dressing room , getting dressed , when three dozen roses arrived for her .
when the note with the roses said ` ` leaping lizards ' day , '' diane had laughed and said , ` ` sweetheart , lizards do n't leap . ''
her skin ran the gamut from a translucent white to a deep rose , depending on whether she was angry , tired , or excited .
the bedroom was beautiful , done in dusky pink , with a canopied bed and a commode decorated with pink roses .
the walls of the suite were upholstered in blue - and - white silk damask , with marble baseboards , and the rugs and curtains were the color of faded sweetheart roses .
did n't i tell you everything would be coming up roses ?
he sent her two dozen roses .
everything is coming up roses , he thought .
gus venable rose and stood before the jury .
the next morning when mary arrived at her office , there were a dozen red roses with a note : ` ` thank you for you . ''
the following morning , a dozen red roses were delivered to lara 's apartment .
they rounded a curve , and there , next to the water below , was a beautiful white - shingled , two - story house surrounded by delphinium , wild roses and poppies .
there were orchids and roses and lilies and chrysanthemums and rare blooms she could not even begin to identify .
they especially liked its beginning : ` ` if you want to smell the roses ... '' the second meeting was with the breeders stud farm , and the third with the lexington coal company .
he used to send me red roses .
no matter how bad the show is , little old skeet comes out smelling like a rose . ''
eighty - six square meters of amber were eventually crafted , the finished walls dotted with fanciful figurines , floral garlands , tulips , roses , seashells , monograms , and rocaille , all in glittering shades of brown , red , yellow , and orange .
tulips , roses , sculpted heads , figurines , seashells , flowers , monograms , rocaille , scrollwork , and floral garlandscall forged in ambercsprang from the walls .
picasso was suing sherlock and other unnamed defendants for injunctive relief in an effort to stop them from urinating on his roses .
he got his roses from a supplier in jacksonville , which in itself took another box of paperwork .
the warden refused his request to be classified as a gardener , so the roses were deemed a hobby .
the roses in question were belinda 's dream , a pale pink rose , not particularly beautiful , but loved by picasso nonetheless .
he was n't fond of picasso anyway because he was a notorious liar , and peeing on the man 's roses just seemed appropriate for some reason .
sherlock encouraged them by assuring that they were in fact helping the roses by adding fertilizer .
they had quietly preassigned the case to justice finnyarber , whose mother had once raised roses , and after a few hours of research he had informed the other two that urine would , in fact , not change the color of the plants .
so two days before the hearing they reached their decision : they would grant the injunction to keep sherlock and the other pigs from spraying picasso 's roses , but they would not award damages .
we are issuing an injunction against all inmates urinating on the damned roses .
durant lurched backward as blood roses blossomed from punctures in his olive - colored shirt .
begin the journey in the shadows and complete it in the light , where a retreating star finds a rose , pierces a wooden cross , and converts silver to gold .
` ` what about where a retreating star finds a rose , pierces a wooden cross , and converts silver to gold .
where a retreating star finds a rose , pierces a wooden cross , and converts silver to gold .
a placard at its base informed in two languages cristo na cruz christ on the cross c. 1550 escultura em madeira policroma polychromed wooden sculpture ` ` where a retreating star finds a rose , pierces a wooden cross , '' pam said .
` ` where a retreating star finds a rose , pierces a wooden cross , and converts silver to gold .
making small talk for the benefit of anyone who might be eavesdropping , general rose escorted secretary kott to his air - conditioned quarters to rest and freshen up before the all- important dinner meeting tonight with the filipino politicians and military men .
for a brief moment the sheet blossomed into pink - white flame - it was like a magician conjuring a rose into his palm - and then it all vanished .
` ` jason , listen , when this ... is all ... over , i want you to send a dozen red roses to moira .
soon enough he 'd send a dozen red roses to moira , soon enough he 'd take martin 's ashes to the cloisters in new york .
he 'd sent the dozen roses to moira , then discovered when she 'd called him that they were a silent good - bye from martin to her .
the air had suddenly been perfumed with the tincture of history , a spicy , mysterious scent of rose and cedar .
` ` how many roses should i send to the funeral ? ''
the heady scent of old world roses came to moira as she was led toward a man sitting at a glass - and - wrought - iron table , laden with food on mexican fired - clay plates , and pitchers of red and white sangria stuffed with slices of fresh fruit .
he stood for a moment , then lay the bouquet of white roses at the foot of the stone .
he had never pried into her relationship with martin , but he assumed it had been romantic , since martin had given bourne standing orders to send her a dozen red roses should he ever die .
here graceful gardens complement rose - bordered paths that lead to gazebos and verandas from which the wealthy observe the splendours of the harbour below and the out islands in the distance .
mcallister ran out into the walled garden with its trellises and white wrought iron furniture and rows of roses and rock - filled ponds .
roared jason bourne as the wall blew apart beyond the stately gardens filled with rows of lilacs and roses .
delta shoved the assassin into a cluster of roses , stripped off the plastic and heaved the firebomb into the boarding far above and to the left of the french doors thirty - odd feet away .
i ' m setting him loose among the roses .
again , he fired several prolonged bursts , crouching , ducking , moving from place to place behind the roses .
it 's got baby roses . ''
` ` would you also like me to make baby roses bloom during a january blizzard in montana ? ''
they reached the entrance , a latticework archway profusely covered with baby roses , and walked inside .
` ` that 's something a lot of people here would n't understand because you cover every accommodation you make , every crime you commit , every mouth you shut with a basket of roses .
the air was hot , filled with the attar of roses and of sophia .
the walls were papered with light floral shades of rose and pink .
the smell of freshly mown grass , the fragrance of roses , and hay - it was like paradise to me .
i asked as i stopped to smell a yellow rose .
` ` of course , when my son is president they wo n't wheel me out like rose or miss lillian .
you can call a rose a tulip but it remains a rose ... . we must go back several decades - before the killings began .
you can call a rose a tulip but it remains a rose ... . we must go back several decades - before the killings began .
cai had loved yellow roses , as had lisette .
two other nurses , equally as thick as rose , appeared on each side and began to undress patrick .
` ` i wanted to do the roses tomorrow . ''
` ` well , why do n't you work on the roses today while i ' m at the office , then tomorrow we 'll do the mulch . ''
the man held a sizable bouquet of white roses .
the roses did , in fact , come from the blumchengallerie ; the uniform from the charity bazaar of a catholic parish across town .
naomi kraig brought a small collection of roses she 'd picked from her garden .
they were seated in the garden , beneath a pergola of sweet - smelling roses , in the shadow of the two churches and campanile , the tranquil oasis framed by blossoming pomegranate trees .
blood roses blossomed on vincenti 's shirt .
wild raspberries or wild roses , maybe , a remnant , somehow spared by the ploughs , now bare and dormant but still thick and dense with thorns .
a tangle of chest - high bushes , a miniature grove , wild raspberries or wild roses , bare and dormant , thick and dense with thorns .
oh , these voices , out of the darkness they come , and sometimes she awakens with a vision burning behind her eyes , a vision of a vast slaty tower standing in a field of roses .
` ` a kid in this place would stand out like a rose in a patch of poison ivy , if you know what i mean . ''
` ` for example , i see a bee on my roses .
does this kind only get pollen from roses ?
why are n't there more roses growing wild if bees carry rose pollen all over ?
so i read up on bees , and maybe roses .
the yard was planted with the camellias and roses that mrs . buckley had loved .
carey osland must live in the corner house with the big climbing roses by the front porch .
` ` i ' m carey osland , i live in the house with the roses , on the corner , '' and she pointed .
then i pulled the rose pink nightgown over my head , switched off the bathroom light , and made my way to the bed in darkness .
i held the little thing as i had seen babies held in pictures and made plans to burn the rose pink nightgown .
now that i 'd finally , finally gotten married , why was n't it all roses ?
as i turned to go inside , i looked over at the roses i 'd planted at the corner of the concrete porch at the back of the house , outside my kitchen .
i 'd hired a yard service to do most of the heavier work , but every now and then i got out and put in bedding plants , or trimmed the roses .
it was sweet , the kind of thing you found in a mall store , with a stuffed teddy - bear and a display of red roses .
bringing me here , the roses and champagne ; calling ethan to discover us .
he 's playing a mix on low , a song i remember from one of our first dates , and there 's even a rose lying on the pillow of his freshly made bed .
it 's my dad 's turn , reading , with a single red rose clutched in his hand .
the fences were lined with hedges and roses .
still , the small gardens inside were handsome , blooming with purplish - pink crocuses and tangled with roses .
` ` an evening gown the color of roses .
a young man stood in the hallway holding an enormous bouquet of rubyred roses .
she relocked the door and carried the roses over to the kitchen counter .
she buried her nose in a rose , inhaled the dampsweet perfume .
across the room , the girl we 'd been talking about rose , and i was able to make out the bags in her hand , the stores she 'd shopped at .
she was an angel , i decided then , and as i helped them mount the horse , caroline holding on to rose , who lolled drunkenly over the neck of the horse , i had a sudden thought .
i could n't even let it slow me down because wilson had let go of rose and rose was falling , her mouth wide in a scream i did n't hear above the echoes of the gunshots and the rushing of pain in my head .
it would be called the star of something or the rose of something .
but also the keen silence of her hair , which always smelled of vanilla and roses ... how could he ever trust her , even when he laid his head on her breast after they had made passionate love and wanted - wanted so much - to feel secure ?
a pergola , almost hidden under luxuriant pink climbing roses , ran along one of these , and in the center was a small fountain with white marble benches around it .
she was light in his arms , and , despite imprisonment , her hair still smelled of vanilla and roses , reminding him of happier times they had had together .
at that moment , damask roses could n't have smelled sweeter .
as spring turned to summer again , and the mimosa and azaleas had given way to lilies and roses , an uneasy peace returned to tuscany .
the salesman spoke in a low , respectful voice , as if he 'd rather be anyplace but here , and yet he kept trying to nudge jimmy toward more expensive stones , ones with angels and cherubs or roses engraved in the marble .
` ` i ' m a drummer for guns n ' roses , the rock band .
` ` the drummer for guns n ' roses is named matt sorum , and you do n't look anything like him . ''
a sixty - year - old guns n ' roses fan ?
and , according to bobby minton , the gift was n't going to be a bottle of cutty for leon and a dozen roses for roberta .
it smelled of roses and a hint of orange .
he was round without being quite portly and his lips were the thickest part of him ; they sprouted from his face like a rose .
the tip was like a rose thorn .
when you read their writings , life appears to consist in a warm sun and a garden of roses - in the smiles and frowns of a fair enemy , and the fire that consumes your own heart .
he turned to jo and nicholas and said , ` ` we shall give you candlelight and wine and roses and put a curtain on the cell so that the two of you can entertain each other safely and in privacy while i look into the matter of annie and the mortal . ''
` ` and wine and roses , '' he reminded her wryly .
or trying to ; he was sure there was a hint of rose peeking out of one cup .
` ` red roses might have been sweeter than red doggie pooh bags . ''
` ` what do you think about moving the bench away from the strolling path and closer to the koi pond , just on the other side of the cottage roses ? ''
she murmured , then beamed up at him as if he 'd given her a bouquet of prize - winning roses .
or perhaps tulips if you think that roses say you just want him for sssssex . ''
` ` the one in rose and silver . ''
the roses were as black as the blood of the dead serpent .
the corruption that had claimed the roses had not spared the manor .
magnus turned and made his way past tangles of black roses and undergrowth down toward the rusted gates .
the skechers had to be hers , from before ; they looked ragged , well - worn , and had tribal patterns of black thorns and roses all over them , hand - painted .
the pixies frequently played around it despite - or maybe because - the site being snarled with the thorns of a rose gone wild .
madame lefoux glanced up from an emerald - green silk bonnet she was trimming with satin roses .
the cap had blue silk roses clustered above her left ear , which gave her an oddly rakish appearance .
the lighting was muted , orange lamps throwing shadows across the floor and rose - colored walls .
i could have painted flaming roses in tribute to my ex - girlfriend , who 'd torn my heart apart yet still managed to make me admire her .
i imagined a dozen roses showing up at her dorm anonymously .
the roses , the bracelet , a romantic dinner .
when we reached the outskirts of the city , ms . terwilliger made a stop not for coffee , but for a bouquet of burgundy roses that she thrust into my lap when she returned to the car , much to hopper 's dismay .
it was like being in a shrine ... to roses and doilies .
there were vases of silk roses carefully centered on crocheted doilies , figurines of puppies carrying roses in their mouths on lace doilies , and delicate rose - covered tea sets placed on paper doilies .
there were vases of silk roses carefully centered on crocheted doilies , figurines of puppies carrying roses in their mouths on lace doilies , and delicate rose - covered tea sets placed on paper doilies .
there were vases of silk roses carefully centered on crocheted doilies , figurines of puppies carrying roses in their mouths on lace doilies , and delicate rose - covered tea sets placed on paper doilies .
it took me a moment to remember the roses , and i held them out with a forced smile .
` ` it 's been a while since i ' ve met a woman who appreciates roses as much as i do , '' said adrian , ever quick on his feet .
inez pondered this as she put the roses in a vase ( which had roses painted on it ) and allowed us to sit in her mauve parlor .
inez pondered this as she put the roses in a vase ( which had roses painted on it ) and allowed us to sit in her mauve parlor .
the scent of roses was cloying , and i counted at least three plug - in air fresheners responsible for the oppressive atmosphere .
` ` diamonds and roses ? ''
that was n't to say rose was n't a sucker for accents .
along with rose , dimitri , and neil , there were three other guardians in the room , creating an almost comical scene , considering how docile olive looked at the moment .
i recognized that look on rose 's face , the one that said her fist had an appointment with someone .
and the suspicion bloomed slowly in agnes like a great black , red - edged rose .
her mother turned back to the sink and picked up another plate , which she dipped into soapy water and began to scrub with special viciousness , as if she intended to wash the pink roses right off the china .
suggested conall , looking over to their right , where a little berm covered in wild roses seemed to be the kingair formal garden hedge substitute .
i wondered briefly where in the world he 'd gotten a rose at this hour , but then decided that he probably could have run just about anywhere to pick one and been back in plenty of time .
` ` especially if there are no roses being left on my pillow . ''
the bed still had grandma 's lacy quilt on top of it and the room still lightly smelled of roses , a smell that had seemed to permeate grandma .
we all followed the granite steps to the huge wooden overhang above the front doors and i noticed the potted roses trailing up each one of the massive support beams holding the structure up .
groaning , he put a hand on his stomach and i narrowed my eyes , praying he did n't toss his cookies on my beautiful new roses .
alanna had set more potted roses along the banisters ; the pot bases a swirled black and white marble , with faint streaks of red in them .
the roses themselves alternated between deep red and a white as pure as snow ... or vampire skin .
the roses had been strung along the railings , so they looped around them , all the way to the top , the colors mingling beautifully .
even more candles and roses were spaced throughout the room , a few petals floating in the fountain , and i shook my head as we left it .
candles and roses , also in the weddings colors , made up nearly every other flat surface .
the far end of the tent held a low bench with candles and roses and a wooden arch directly over it was draped in the twining flowers .
i gave her a quick hug , handing her my bouquet of white roses and then taking teren 's unadorned platinum band from her .
my tiny cubicle was swarming with balloons and roses and cards stuffed with well wishes .
each pew had a bouquet of white and pink roses attached to the end , the pale pink flowers matching the shade of the bridesmaid 's dresses .
it was decked out in white chiffon , more roses , and a few tall candles .
i 'd be dressed ina black corset dress and hold black roses .
and neither would i. becky stood out like a daisy in a sea of dead roses in her cheery colors , while we were dark in our morbid outfits .
` ` things have n't been roses between the schools since .
professor lefoux 's glass was all gears in grays and blues , lady linette 's was roses in reds and pinks , and sister mattie 's was vines and flowers in greens and yellows .
each stripe was patterned with pink roses .
there were cream roses nested in large gold sugar bowls .
i 'd be holding a bouquet of dead roses and wearing a morbidly black sexy lace dress , which would flow behind me as i walked between the tombstones .
` ` you expected to be holding a bouquet of dead roses and wearing a morbidly black sexy lace dress , which would flow behind you as you walked between the tombstones . ''
vases of dead black roses , portraits of alexander and me , scented lavender votives scattered throughout the mansion .
heather came over , gave me an evil look , put a silver faux - diamond - encrusted tiara on my head , and handed me a bouquet of red roses .
i do n't know how he 'd gotten into the apartment given the fact that vampires could n't cross thresholds uninvited , but he 'd left us a bloody rose and a simple message : the best kill is one that is fully appreciated beforehand .
chapter 5 raze looked at the video feed of a blackish rose arrangement perched on vash 's desk and pronounced , ` ` creepy . ''
` ` torque traced the roses back to a florist in chicago .
behind her back , the white roses he 'd brought her tangled with her hair , but she did n't care .
hoping to put him at ease , she teased , ` ` roses !
touch bases with them and- '' raze kiled the cal when kim entered the room with a dozen black beauty roses .
` ` is that what the roses were about ?
the fabric was white with a garden of red roses .
roses of all colors with soft , inviting petals and beautiful fragrance to please her .
her tongue swept the pinpricks to close the tiny holes , to allow her to breathe , to cry out her pleasure to the roses , to the gods .
she stumbled against the cave wall , mindless of the roses , and slid down to the floor .
` ` on the roses .
they 'll love the roses . ''
` ` he admitted you were the ones who thought of the roses .
first roses and now stars .
he carried an enormous bouquet of white and red roses mixed with ferns and baby 's breath .
ivan shoved the roses at her and stormed off , in no way appeased by her feeble attempt to get into his good graces .
marie pulled open the enormous refrigerator and turned , a huge bouquet of roses in her hands , the vase cut crystal .
he detested the way alexandria kept caressing the petals of one of the white roses .
and of course i would never throw roses out , aidan .
she was quiet a moment as she arranged the roses .
her fingers tightened around the stem of one of the roses .
` ` his name is thomas ivan , not sir galahad , and i doubt very much if he personally took the thorns from the roses . ''
she touched the petals of the nearest rose and bent once more to inhale their fragrance .
what are roses compared to that ? ''
if my roses wither , i 'll know exactly who 's responsible .
` ` i ' m going to take my hand off your eyes , but you are n't even to look at my roses .
thank you for the roses .
stefan stepped squarely in front of his prize tulips , while aidan glided in to wall off the roses .
the bed was large , a heavy four - poster carved elaborately with roses and twining leaves .
desari laughed , blushing a soft rose color .
` ` i always thought i 'd want a huge wedding with the long train and roses everywhere , but i really just want you .
she stared at the flowers , at a heart made of pink roses .
` ` oh , miss gilbert - i mean , mrs . maxwell - you should n't have , '' she said as aunt judith handed her a small bouquet of pink roses .
meredith was standing nearby , holding a bouquet of red roses and looking pensive .
meredith bent down and placed her bouquet of roses in front of it .
she found a single rose lying across the boulder near the hot springs .
color rose , turning her pale skin to a soft rose .
you can fill the scarletti palazzo with a million roses .
witches use black dahlias , werewolves use black foxglove ; made vampires use black roses ... '' ` ` and there 's a chain of dubs called the black iris , '' kestrel said , coming to stand by the others .
not an iris , not a dahlia , not a rose .
spring was the only time esme enjoyed being outdoors , before the cloying heat of summer settled like a wool blanket over the countryside , while the air was still drowsy with roses and lilacs , and strawberries lay hidden like easter eggs in lush , dewy vines .
it was a fine old place , beautiful in the spring and summer when the roses and crepe myrtle were in bloom .
* * * everyone had left by the time sarah got up and walked back across the cemetery , pausing briefly to pluck two roses from the fresh mound to place one each on her mother 's and sister 's graves .
not just the dirt , but the funereal - home scent of hothouse roses .
large , almost square , with pale rose - colored formica counters running al the way around , a huge refrigerator , two ovens , and a central island with a vegetable sink just for good measure , it was a dream kitchen .
i was sure the saltwater was going to kill the roses rather than the aggressive insects jenks had infected them with , but that , too , was in the plan .
jenks and i spent the better part of the afternoon squashing bugs , doing more than the saltwater to rid trent 's roses of pests .
a vemon version of a dozen red roses , meant not to intimidate but to signal his interest and intent ?
sculpted metal roses wound in vines up the tall posts and formed a bowery lattice overhead .
it was a metal flower , one of the roses that adorned the wrought iron posts and canopy of his bed frame .
mira sat on the edge of a soft bed in a room that smelled of roses and lemon wax , surrounded by the love and support of the women of the order .
only gravestones , tossing tree branches , and thorny roses were to be seen now .
bits of roses and other plants hung off what remained of the grill , and metal bits trailed along the ground , raising sparks .
the next a blackened rose spread over the kid 's forehead as mason 's double tap blew out what was left of his rotten brain .
she fished some perfume oil out of her reticule - rose - scented .
things went much faster after that , although they all ended up smelling like roses .
` ` so much for smelling like roses . ''
this evening mrs . barnaclegoose wore a tambour net gown of midnight black embroidered with pink roses along the various ruffles of the skirt and a quantity of pink fringe about the neck and sleeves .
there is a painting of a field full of vines and yellow roses , and a woman who has the same sandy hair and golden eyes as nicholas .
we stride for the garden , blooming with red and white roses .
clutching the rose in one hand , disregarding the thorns stabbing into my skin , i reach for the lid , my fingers trembling as i slip them underneath the lip .
chapter 16 gemma i ' m walking down a long aisle , wearing a long , black dress with red roses embroidered on it .
there are flowers all around me ; roses , lilies , tulips .
richard raised his eyebrows , got a mirrored look from rose , and tugged on shane 's elbow to lead him away to one of the empty chairs .
richard morrell chatted with rose at the desk , looking relaxed and friendly .
the gilt - edged double doors to claire 's right opened , and a smell of roses drifted out .
` ` this stuff tastes like it 's already been through the bee , '' he said , rising to place it with the rest , ` ` but seeing as the only flowers they have here are stale daisies and dehydrated roses , it will do . ''
the budded rose left on my doorstep in the jelly jar with the pentagram of protection on it had been from him .
the scent of antiseptic rose , whipped away from the wind .
to the guy who knows that the rose is more beautiful with the thorns still on it i 'd like to thank two people who have been with me from almost day one , whose combined efforts and business savvy have been so instrumental in putting me somewhere i never dreamed possible - my editor , diana gill , and my agent , richard curtis .
hey , if this does n't work out - ` ` ` ` you want red roses on your grave , right ? ''
in the back of the drawer , neatly folded , was a bra - and - panties set that eve had bought her for her birthday -- way too revealing , claire had thought , since it was mostly net and little pink roses .
she smelled like refrigerated roses .
for eve , she was dressed kind of plainly -- a black , tight t - shirt , a silver skull necklace , the silver choker that matched the one claire was wearing , and some temporary tattoos of roses that ran up her arms .
my thoughts went to the blood i had left on the roses .
i glanced at the shuttered windows of edden 's office as we passed , waving at rose , his assistant .
` ` rose said you were here .
he loomed out into the hallway , pushing me almost into rose 's desk with a stubby finger .
would you mind if i gathered the pollen from your rose of sharon ?
she wore an evening gown the color of old gold with a low square neckline , trimmed with loops of black lace and pink silk roses .
there were fresh roses in her hair and her bustle was full - the more risque trends out of paris with the smaller bustle and form - fitting bodice were not for her .
her version being a lavish affair , complete with lace - covered tea trolley set out with teacups and matched teapot of fine china painted with little pink roses and edged in silver .
elegant greek urns held massive arrangements of flowers - pale cream roses with pink edges and long leaf ferns .
she placed her hand on the back of the chair and my spell fell away in a shower of pink sparkles until my lounge became a perfectly respectable light blue love seat covered in big pink cabbage roses .
` ` i dropped my eyes to the faded cabbage roses on mrs . casnoff 's carpet , but i was seeing elodie , pale and streaked with blood .
it 's just a matter of- '' before i could finish , nick bowed , and with a flourish of his hand , produced a huge bouquet of white roses .
i had dead black roses and held them in a small urn . ''
we need someone to scatter the dead black roses . ''
alexander was going to take care of all the covenant altar amenities , and becky and stormy were going to meet me at the cemetery with a basket of black roses .
told her he felt like spring roses , or some other romantic crap women liked to hear .
she was silk and roses .
dawn was beginning to taint the sky with flags of rose and gold when we finally left the stream .
even though dawn had barely begun to streak the sky with wisps of rose , lygon street was alive with people and sound , the air rich with the aromas of wolf and humans , as well as the multiple , mouth - watering scents of meats and freshly baked breads .
he handed ruby a bouquet of white roses .
` ` of course , '' she said , arranging the roses .
i imagined alexander waiting for me at hipsterville 's bus stop , standing in the rain , wearing tight black jeans and a glow - in - the - dark jack skellington shirt , a small bouquet of black roses in one hand .
her apartment began to smell of roses and flickered with shadows of italian masks .
on her upper arm was a tattoo of a black rose .
something delicate , like heather and roses -- the blood scent he could trace coming closer to his apartments even as he stood there , glaring at the feral creature who stared back at him in the mirror .
his cheekbones could cut leather , and his lips were the most perfect shade of rose .
wandering roses grew over the metal , their vines following the contours of every loop and curlicue , dotting them with apricot and yellow blossoms .
her hair was untangled , put up , then on went the matching hat , with its trail of paper roses on one side .
she opened hers to find a glass vase tied with a white ribbon and filled with tiny pink roses .
wowmatt never gave me roses before , she exclaimed .
now , with sebastians roses prominently displayed in class , both becky and i were distracted .
he texted her all night and then had roses waiting for her in her locker .
the black hat matches the black fringe on my shirt , and the red sequins go with the embroidered red roses .
brynley muttered as she sprawled into an armchair upholstered with pink roses .
the guard passed her a crystal vase containing a dozen long - stemmed yellow roses .
` ` what beautiful roses !
thank you for the roses . ''
just as the tulips stood in their beds with everlasting blooms upon their slender stalks and the crocuses were perpetually unfurling and the roses were always fat - headed with petals , so too were there no bugs or weeds or disease .
her favorite had been white roses .
` ` not exactly a bouquet of roses . ''
he pulled the heather - and - roses scent of the breedmate into his lungs , and let it guide him deeper into the city .
it was the heather - and - roses scent of elise 's spilled blood , the bitter tang of her fear , which clung to the air like a mist .
the fragrance of her arousal was a shattering combination of heather and roses and fresh spring rain .
alarm arrowed into his brain , overriding the hard - core impulse that made him want to fall on her like the beast he was and fill his mouth with the sweet heather - and - roses taste of her blood .
his mouth filled with a sudden rush of her blood , the heather- and - roses scent of it saturating his senses .
the scent of heather and roses swamped the room .
they 'd had roses in the last time , when the vampire they 'd thought shane killed had been lying in state .
she had n't imagined the smell of roses .
there were some kind of patterned pantyhose , and a red sheer shirt with big red roses woven into the fabric in flocked material .
a smell of faint , dusty roses came from the paper , like it had been stored in a trunk with dried flowers .
a typical washington home , i discovered : clapboard siding , cute herbal garden , and a stone path through roses .
` ` well , you 're a private eye , i ' m sure you could have found that out - ` ` ` ` she wants to thank you for planting the roses in her honor .
a golden medallion inlaid with three opal roses .
he asked a couple of pledges to bring roses and lilies to decorate the room - it sounded like he was expecting them to buy out a couple of flower stores - others to find candles .
he darted over and slapped the leg of a girl who was standing on a chair and weaving roses through the welded metal v at the top of the central arch .
she yel ed , dropping the roses to the floor .
he shoved the roses back into her hands .
in the center of the table sat a huge deep stone bowl , almost like a baptismal font , and around it roses and orchids were set .
the scents of roses and hyacinths filled the air around us as we walked slowly down the manicured paths .
alice , i assumed , had covered every flat surface with pink candles and dozens of crystal bowls filled with hundreds of roses .
there was a table with a white cloth draped over it next to edward 's grand piano , holding a pink birthday cake , more roses , a stack of glass plates , and a small pile of silver - wrapped presents .
it was a relief to be outside ; i hurried past the lanterns and the roses , now unwelcome reminders .
the area always smelled of roses and clematis and was always the first place couples would retreat to when they wanted to be alone at a veritas party .
katherine walked in , her thin arms filled with a bouquet of flowers of all different shapes and sizes -- roses and hydrangeas and lilies of the valley .
this notebook bound in dark varnished leather , is it not , tooled with a design of rich roses , thornless , yet leafy , a design that means only design in the final analysis but bespeaks an authority .
clusters of scarlet roses and violet delphiniums pushed up from the ground , while a giant canopy hung above her , twinkling with glowing lanterns .
the moon was as bright as ever , and the scent of roses hung heavy in the air .
with them was the other elena , clearly the maid of honor , in a dress the color of green leaves , holding a bouquet of pink roses .
she was wearing a ful -skirted white flower girl 's dress tied with a wide green sash , and she clutched a basket of roses in her other hand .
he held out the rose .
plenty of boys had admired her through school , and if this had been nine months ago , she could have made a good guess at who would leave her a rose .
it was n't just the strangeness of meeting caleb that was affecting her , she realized , turning the rose 's stem absently between her fingers .
no one has such beautiful roses . ''
she pretended to swoon , lifting the rose to her forehead .
she 'd put the rose down careful y in the middle of the front seat , between her and matt , and they were al very consciously not touching it .
` ` you said the rose was just lying there waiting for you on the porch when you opened the door this morning ? ''
elena had mentioned earlier that her aunt had hired the smal wood boy to do some work around the house , but she should have told him of caleb 's connection to the rose before .
on the floor was a pentagram with more pictures and roses .
she glanced at the passenger seat next to her , where there lay the bouquet of pink roses she had picked up to give to margaret .
it was a charming room with creamy rose - patterned wal paper and a maple sleigh bed .
in the far corner on the floor was a huge bunch of roses .
a pentagram was drawn around the roses .
` ` those are the same kinds of roses as the one caleb gave you , are n't they ? ''
` ` the rose that started it al , '' she whispered .
elena had been afraid to disturb the pentagram with the roses and photographs around it on the shed floor , in case that would affect the spel somehow , but she 'd taken a couple of pictures of it with her cel phone .
` ` roses are typical y used in love spel s , but the pentagram and multiple pictures around it suggest a darker intent here .
the roses ' unusual crimson color would probably make them more effective .
` ` if the rest of you want to look through caleb 's notebooks for clues , bonnie and i can research the magical properties of roses and what spel s they could be used in . ''
flowers for inspection , they had not yet discovered what kind of spel caleb had been doing , or what purpose the roses served .
midnight roses .
richly magical roses grown for holding spel s only the kitsune could coat onto them .
a kitsune had sent stefan one of these roses once , with a spel to make him human , but damon had accidental y intercepted it , much to both brothers ' dismay .
but as she looked around , al she could see for miles were roses .
black , perfect roses .
something with the roses , right ?
because this place seems pretty nice for a hel dimension , what with al the roses and everything . ''
the bushes were al the same , down to the number and positions of the roses on each one and the distances between them .
the scent of roses hung heavily in the warm air ; at first elena had found it pleasant , but now it was nauseating , like a too - sweet perfume .
beneath the ice of the creature 's chest , a rose glowed a rich dark red .
she smashed her fist against the phantom 's chest again , right above the rose , and the phantom glanced at her for a moment .
al those hours of practice paid off , because the phantom did n't seem to expect the blow , and rather than the stave passing harmlessly through mist , meredith caught the phantom in its solid form , just above the rose in its chest .
at that same instant , stefan lunged for the cut across the phantom 's chest and got his hand inside it , inside the phantom 's torso , and grabbed for the rose .
a gout of green , viscous fluid spurted from the wound as stefan squeezed the rose , and then the phantom screamed , a long , unearthly howl that made al the humans flinch .
for a moment , elena thought they were going to win that easily - that by attacking the rose at the phantom 's heart , stefan had defeated it .
the phantom was n't staying in one place long enough for elena to get a good shot at grabbing the rose - heart .
instead , she groped at the phantom 's torso , searching for the cut meredith had made just above its rose .
a moment later , elena 's hand closed on the rose 's stem and a thousand thorns pierced her burned flesh .
he took the rose from her hand and ripped at its petals , now fading to a lighter pink , and scattered the petals into the fire burning up the sides of the garage .
` ` i never could have gotten the rose if you had n't cut the phantom . ''
or maybe it 's just the way he looked when he showed up at quarter to eight this evening , so impossibly handsome in his tux - and even holding a red rose corsage for me ... despite that less than twenty - four hours ago , he had n't even known he was going to the prom ( good thing tickets were available for sale at the door ) .
and he was holding the biggest bunch of red roses i 'd even seen .
` ` but if i did , nice men bearing beautiful roses would n't wander in . ''
he placed the roses and the oil on the sink , then took off his jacket and rolled up his shirtsleeves before sitting on the edge of the bath .
he came of his own accord , bearing roses and an apology . ''
i placed black roses in pewter vases and lavender - scented votives androse petals on all the empty antique end tables .
a tattoo of a black rose crept out from her dark velvet corset , which shaped her chest like a heart .
votives and candelabras lit the car.crystal vases bloomed lifeless roses , and petals covered the wooden floors .
by the time phil had to put a rose on the casket , he was shaking .
a huge spray of slightly crushedyellow roses was on top .
take time to smell the roses .
the air was thick with humidity and the scent of climbing roses .
he touched a rose that was growing on the vine close by .
he plucked the rose .
the rose tumbled to the ground as he caught her in his arms .
she 's changed into a black , mermaid - shaped dress that has red roses growing on vines , which trim the bottom half .
for a moment , i thought i smelled fresh roses .
the scent of roses filled my nostrils and i reflexively looked up to see a dark figure , eyes piercing my heart .
evylin proved this universal law by proudly displaying her own new evening gloves in silvery blue satin with rose - colored flowers embroidered about the edge .
as if she 'd laid a rose against her cheek for a moment and it had left its imprint on her flesh .
it was shaped like a rose , with the stem twining around the finger and back on itself in an intricate knot .
there was no reason to take the black rose ring with her .
all the time she was in the air , she was thinking , closer , closer , closer - and looking at the black rose ring on her finger .
there were black roses everywhere .
there was an arch - shaped stained - glass window above the double doors , showing a black rose that had the same intricately knotted stem as the one on hannah 's ring .
just seeing all those roses made hannah 's heart beat faster .
the heady floral scent of rose and heartsease , plus the spice of yemonja root .
a vampire girl , wearing a dress with a black rose design , threaded her way through stopped traffic .
she placed one of the two red roses she 'd brought with her at the base of his marker .
i nodded wordlessly , and five minutes later , he returned and handed me a large bouquet of delicate , pale pink roses .
as i breathed in the roses ' sweet scent on the way to spencer 's , i realized that no one had ever given me flowers before .
i glanced over at him and then down at the roses .
we strolled leisurely back toward the restaurant , wanting to give him more time with rose .
i can only stand and watch and wait for people like rose and dimitri to save me .
so i am like rose and dimitri ? ''
i knew it was ridiculous - especially since i wore a smaller size than rose - but it was a hard feeling to shake .
she was glorious in ivory silk , with tiny white roses adorning her fiery hair .
he must be on a break now because there was no way he 'd be standing so casually here , even with rose , otherwise .
like sonya and mikhail , there was a bond of love between rose and dimitri that was almost palpable .
but as progressive as rose and dimitri were , i knew even they would be shocked if they knew the truth about adrian 's feelings and that monumental kiss .
and there 's rose and lissa .
she was friends with rose , but her half sister was still a bit of an enigma .
i was n't like rose or julia .
` ` hi , '' she said to him , as gabriella took luke 's hand and led him off to show him the fresh buds on the tea roses next to the gazebo .
` ` i ' m just saying that he 's like you , in that he gets bored if a relationship is all roses and hearts .
on a long table was a big flower arrangement of lilies and black roses .
her eyes were the velvet color of dark red roses .
at twilight , while both companies loaded up their trucks , he was among her roses with a master gardener .
she watched the moon and her roses as his touch soothed the pain of the memories , distracting her with other things .
he pulled back the wet towel to show her a temporary tattoo , a black rose and thorns done in artistic interwoven loops .
the pants had been worn at the stress points and were embellished with a scattering of painted pewter roses just below the front pockets , highlighted with a touch of silver pink .
` ` and beautiful roses they are .
touched my face and asked if i would bring some cut roses to the dinner table because they always added such a lovely touch of color to the meal . ` `
` ` rex knew i cultivated those roses in honor of my father .
he 'd also cut several of her garden roses and inserted them .
it made her remember the days she was so weary from her battles with rex she could n't even raise her head to acknowledge the presence of the moon , greet the night , see the petals of her roses gleam .
lotus blossoms and red roses .
i ' ve gotten severalletters and a bouquet of red roses from ` ` jean - claude '' ( meredith 's uncle is a florist ) , and everybody seems to have forgotten that i was ever interested in stefan .
then she remembered what he and dick had done to stefan , and she broke off one of the roses from her bouquet and gave it to him .
instead of being greeted by my boyfriend , i was met by the flower power delivery woman holding a bouquet of roses .
alexander would be waiting for me in the middle of the packed dance floor , with a single black rose .
i imagined him presenting me with a small jewelry box -- perhaps a ring -- or a larger gift , such as a bouquet of dead black roses .
she was dressed in a chiffon robe with giant chenille cabbage roses .
lots of roses .
there was a body lying on the marble slab , surrounded by rich red roses , bunches of them in floor vases .
claire frowned , turned , and saw a huge bunch of red roses lying on the side table .
claire swallowed , stuffed the contract back into the envelope , and shoved it in her pocket just as eve came around the corner and said , roses !
she felt like those roses downstairs , dark and red and full of passion , and it was new to her , so new , but she could nt stop the feeling that she had to do this , now , because shed almost lost him , and shane leaned his forehead against hers and broke the kiss with a gasp , like a drowning man .
with the rose and laven- der petals .
when she plucked a rose petal off his thigh , she turned enough to mold it to his bottom lip .
she gazed at the roses .
bursts of sunlight in rose and gold glass outlined them and haloed her .
with her roses and her dogs .
tend her roses .
as she cupped the rose bloom in her palm .
there were roses blooming , too , all colors , crimson and golden - orange and blush pink .
the air was heady with the scent of roses .
the roses were tattered , their petals torn off by the wind .
the rose though it knows is throatless and can not say .
he had felt good and safe standing alone in the ruin of lestat 's old house , with the wild roses crawling at the broken window and the four - poster bed a skeleton , its hangings rotting away .
such roses and chrysanthemums , how enormous they were .
yet she hesitated , staring at the white roses on the bedside table .
and the roses were phosphorescent , like the white flesh of the twins in the dream .
white roses , she tried to remember something she 'd heard about white roses .
white roses , she tried to remember something she 'd heard about white roses .
you send white roses for a funeral .
yet there were the roses waiting in their crystal vase , and the letter for her pinned to the door , with the new key in the envelope .
finally , she 'd gone back to the house , and taken the roses and the letter with her .
old tea roses , falling to pieces amid the baby 's breath and fern and purple zinnias .
the rose disappeared !
the black rose had been for stefan ; and it would have given him his dream of being human again .
stefan had had a grim setback when he 'd found that there was nothing left of the rose , but he had soon recovered his usual humility and grace , touching elena 's cheek and saying that he was thankful just to be there with her .
matt had n't understood either the rose or the star bal until it was explained that this star bal , which was probably misao 's , contained within it most or al of her power , and that it had become more bril iant as it absorbed the lives that she took .
the black rose had probably been created with a liquid from a similar star bal - but no one knew how much or whether it was combined with unknown ingredients .
matt had frowned and asked , if the rose could change a vampire to a human , could a star bal change a human to a vampire ?
was it possible that the white kitsune who had given stefan the bouquet had engineered a rose that turned the first person to smel it permanently human ?
fortune only knew what ideas that fox had gotten into his furry white head when he 'd prepared the rose that had ` ` cured '' damon of his ` ` curse .
there were banks of lilies , vases ful of roses , tulips in every color and shade , and riots of daffodils and narcissus , while fragrant honeysuckle and freesia lay in bowers .
it changed its shape from moment to moment , from a rose to a cluster of carnations to an orchid .
in a matter of three more minutes he had everything he needed to do wrapped up , including the annual delivery of dozens of roses to the princess in his name .
and there are supposed to be scattered flower petals on the bed and roses in little round bubble bowls and white vanil a candles . ''
there 's not much time , and you deserve your golden negligee and your roses and candles .
some soap that smel s just like roses ? ''
growing in a field as far as she could see were tal bushes thick with long - stemmed roses - the blossoms of which were a velvety - looking black .
startled , she saw that everyone was looking at damon , who had taken a step toward the roses as if involuntarily .
` ` these are al midnight roses , noir pur - the sort in the white kitsune 's bouquet .
before she could remember not to reach out and touch them , the snapdragons had become deep , ful y open red roses .
when the roses became some exotic golden flower that elena had never seen , she had to turn her back .
midnight was coming - and not in the form of a rose .
or a field of black roses ? ''
` ` we give them the rights to the land that the park and the field of roses lie upon . ''
elena , heart beating in her lips and throat and fingertips , ran to gather the empty containers and bottles sage was tossing out of a ninth doorway that had appeared in between the mine shaft and the field of black roses .
the deeds to the field of black roses and the kitsune paradise .
in fact she found shecould pick up his general response to it , a warm rose color seemed to hang around him .
` ` with cheeks like blooming roses and hair like golden wheat ... '' ` ` i would n't try it onthose girls . ''
` ` oh , come a ' tae me , ye fair pretty maidens haste ye lassies tae my bosom come tae me by sunlight or moonlight while the roses still are in blossom ... '' in his dream , damon was angry .
` ` they blossom ever where you tread ... wild roses bloody red . ''
on the ground , spreading out like a circle expanding , flowers of all colors bloomed , sweet violets in clumps here and banks of queen anne 's lace there , and wild roses climbing everywhere .
she liked roses .
he lightly touched an open rose , its petals moonlight - colored but shading to palest pink at the edges .
` ` you do n't look like the type to know so much about roses , '' krysta said frankly , and then gave a self - conscious laugh .
` ` i want to breed a true black rose . ''
` ` black magic roses ! ''
the closest anyone has ever gotten to a black rose .
but his right hand came out and it was holding the most beautiful rose elena had ever seen in her life .
the rose probably had something to do with their journey .
elena knew exactly how he would have gotten the rose ... but it was so pretty ... . as she still made no move to take the rose , damon lifted it and allowed the cool , silky - feeling petals to caress her cheek .
elena knew exactly how he would have gotten the rose ... but it was so pretty ... . as she still made no move to take the rose , damon lifted it and allowed the cool , silky - feeling petals to caress her cheek .
the day was warm and humid already ; how could the rose feel so cool ?
she ignored the rose , even as he traced the curve of her cheekbone with it .
elena knew what he was seeing : damon caressing her with the rose , while she was practically embracing him .
i wanted to get some sleep to be ready for another day of running around , supervising , and watching lady ulma 's estate blossom like a rose - but now i ' m afraid i 'll just have nightmares about stefan 's hand slowly slipping out of mine .
but she had another memory , like a pressed rose , to put away in its own special place inside her .
the exquisite miniature vase with the trailing roses picked out in rubies and emerald - encrusted vines ; the magically preserved 5,000 - year - old wooden sumerian lyre ; the twin pair of solid gold candlesticks in the shape of rearing dragons ; the egyptian funerary mask with its dark , elongated eyeholes seeming to watch out of its brilliantly painted features ... all were here .
elena moved closer to him , just a bit , so he could smell her perfume , which was attar of roses that night .
they made it up one steep set of white ( pink ) marble stairs , which sported on either side banks of glorious blue ( violet ) delphiniums and pink ( scarlet ) wild roses .
a black rose , bigger than i have ever seen .
the scent of roses was heady in the air , and for an instant , i was transported back to our mystic fal s labyrinth .
i took a bloom and snapped it from its stem , feeling the velvety softness of the rose 's pink petals .
but ahead of her , a glimmer of rose and gold .
a breeze blew bonnie 's hair across her face , and the warm smell of summer roses came through the fence , a heavy , seductive scent .
the scent of the roses was even stronger here , almost dizzying .
leaves brushed against bonnie 's arms as zander led her to a bench beneath an arch of climbing white roses .
bonnie 's older sisters came down the path first , pretty and solemn - faced in rose pink .
she did n't wear a veil , but a circlet of white rosebuds , and she carried a bouquet of white roses in full bloom .
and what a fine band of pretty roses around her head .
my heart shrank , exploding in pain , but there was no knife , only these little hands clutching me , and the perfume of crushed roses rising from her shimmering hair .
but i had a vision of something vastly more important than a young woman on a concert stage , rising from the piano bench to collect a bouquet of roses .
but i was distracted by the light pouring through the glass walls , the soft warm splendour of the sun spilling down upon the dark couches and chairs , and on the lush persian carpet with its pale medallion and wreaths of roses , and even upon the few large modern paintings - furious abstracts all - which i had long ago chosen for these walls .
the hallway smelled of roses .
felicity , standing so still behind the vibrating lady kingair , smelled delicious , even through the lilac of his handkerchief and the rose of her perfume - werewolf urges were so embarrassing .
apart from the sparkling web of wires , the only other decorations were pale candles and red roses everywhere .
as olivia started to hang them among the sweet - smelling roses , she noticed that each one was decorated like a different profession .
that 's where she was , kahli was sure of it , but she did n't see the orchard or the roses .
the queen must have had the roses grown indoors , and then had the flowers planted .
the world had grown so cold , that roses iced before they had a chance to wither and die .
kahli bent at the knees and snapped a rose from the slender bush .
she wrapped her fingers around the rose and the shiv .
she repeated the action with the rose , hoping that it would hold as well .
` ` are you mad because i never gave you black roses ?
i smiled anxiously and tore it open , revealing a gorgeous red rose corsage .
i was staring at myself , dressed for the snow ball , a red rose corsage pinned to my dress .
his heightened senses had picked up the scent of roses .
ye look pink like a rose .
she walked through the rose garden , plucking a rose here and there .
i held a small bouquet of dead black roses in my black fingerless gloves .
i wrote our names in my journal -- raven madison x alexander sterling , true love always -- surrounded by black roses .
i was shoving my notebooks in my locker , which was filled with pictures of marilyn manson , slipknot , and him , and stickers of black roses , spiders , and coffins , when i noticed trevor passing out red flyers to the soccer snobs and cheerleaders .
alexander picked up a pewter vase with three black roses and handed it to me .
as she rolled up on a squat yellow bungalow with its trellis of pink roses blooming out front , a queer tightness balled in her chest .
jack was still here ; anna 's beloved roses , well tended and thriving , were evidence enough of that .
she glanced at the tan , weathered hands that had helped so many kids out of trouble on montreal 's streets - the same hands that had served his home country in war some four decades past , and which now nurtured and protected that trellis of pink roses as though they were more precious to him than gold .
this northern stone is almost the color of the palest pink roses .
turkish lamps hung on chains about the room , flames glittering deep inside them , giving off a hurtful light against my dazed eyes , and also a fragrance as of roses and summer fields , something alien to heat and burnt things .
ursula brought up a rose - colored napkin from the fold of her long high - waisted french gown , a pale pink tissue of a thing stitched on the edges with green leaves and pink flowers , and on this she wiped her lovely red tears and looked at me , as if she were crushed with longing .
at his feet , all flowers laid out in vessels of silver and gold were red , the red of roses and carnations , the red of the iris , the red of wildflowers i could not name , an altar alive and decked and crawling with all those things which were high color , his glorious tint , the one color left to him that might rise from his inevitable and unredeemable darkness .
as i made my way into the garden , as i walked on the first marble path that traversed the beds of violets and roses , i saw the birds coming and going , circling broadly in this wide place , so that they could clear the towers that rose so distantly and majestically against the sky .
he was working a deal with the owner for some fern seed if he could entice a few people to buy roses for their departing loved ones .
beside it was a miniature rose sculpted of stone .
she looked ... gorgeous , her alabaster white skin having a hint of rose .
they were the center of attention , something like the heart of a rose , with other people surrounding them like petals .
it 's not roses , but i 'll take it .
yeah , and the mighty war god ares would go picking roses with a girl scout troop .
how much she smelled like sunshine and roses .
he had no idea why the winged soldiers wanted him , but he was pretty sure it was n't to send him home with puppies , roses , and rainbows .
i caught the sudden scent of roses .
` ` without raising my voice , i dissolved my form once more , raging at the souls as they surrounded me and plunged again into the velvet blackness , only this time i could smell the roses , and with the roses there came a memory , a memory of a procession , and people cheering and crying , and waving , and a handsome man singing with a beautiful voice , and petals tossed so high they showered down on us , on our shoulders ... but the memory faded .
` ` without raising my voice , i dissolved my form once more , raging at the souls as they surrounded me and plunged again into the velvet blackness , only this time i could smell the roses , and with the roses there came a memory , a memory of a procession , and people cheering and crying , and waving , and a handsome man singing with a beautiful voice , and petals tossed so high they showered down on us , on our shoulders ... but the memory faded .
uncle lestan 's left fingers touched the flowering vines that covered the railing , and he tore off a small handful of petals for rose , and said that she was as soft and precious as these petals , a ` ` precious living thing . ''
and whenever he happened to pass rose , he smiled at her and he winked .
this was the greatest time of rose 's life .
for rose it was all about the most beautiful old buildings , palaces , castles , cathedrals , ancient towns , and the museums filled with the paintings she 'd read about and saw now with her own eyes .
but amsterdam had a place in rose 's heart , because there , uncle lestan had been with her .
over and over rose said that she had not slept with anyone , that she had not done drugs .
a man came towards rose .
` ` he 's sent you roses , too , all colors of roses .
` ` he 's sent you roses , too , all colors of roses .
and these drivers were all past masters of double parking anywhere in midtown while rose shopped , and thought nothing of carrying twenty and thirty bundles and even braving the checkout lines for rose , or running errands for her .
he flirted openly with rose , and told her over coffee after class that she was the most beautiful young woman he 'd ever seen .
by friday of that week , rose felt remarkably calm about the situation .
what a pretty room , painted a cobalt blue and with bright white enameled moldings , and on the wall a brilliant painting of roses , wild , exploding roses against a backdrop of a darker blue .
what a pretty room , painted a cobalt blue and with bright white enameled moldings , and on the wall a brilliant painting of roses , wild , exploding roses against a backdrop of a darker blue .
and around marius there formed the gardens he had created for their walls , resplendent with lilies and roses and the twining of green vines .
and when seth had revealed the existence of rose and viktor , fareed had been horrified .
he was referring to the plane carrying rose and viktor .
` ` how in god 's name did they get their hands on my rose ? ''
oh , death , you are so determined to have my beloved rose .
death , you can not stop seeking to take my precious rose .
i kept seeing the image of the boy and i needed no one to give me an image of my beloved rose , my sweet brave rose , who 'd been so happy when i last saw her , my tender , loving rose whom i 'd given up for her sake , knowing that she was now too old to be near me anymore , too old to be confused by what i was .
` ` and you knew i had a son and you never told me , '' i said suddenly , impulsively , ` ` and you knew what had happened to my rose . ''
for rose alone , fareed may not do your bidding .
as far as rose could see , seth 's mind was made up .
viktor had been so very much more prepared for it , a human child brought up amongst blood drinkers , easily clasping hands and nodding and answering questions , though he had stayed right at rose 's side .
viktor came rushing towards rose .
for a moment this tall creature who held viktor effortlessly in the grip of his left arm looked down at rose and came towards her , but louis rose up behind him like a great shadow and the stranger veered , spinning backwards and smashing louis with his right fist .
louis crawled towards rose .
rose , poor rose , poor mortal rose , poor tender terrified rose with her huge searching blue eyes and her thick blue - black curling hair .
in the far corner , my beloved rose was sitting against the wall , her knees drawn up , her fingers splayed in front of her eyes .
i went round the table and towards rose .
and the mirror , the inevitable mirror rising from the mantel shelf to the ceiling , very broad and high , framed in gold with a mass of carved roses at the very top .
he told me about his studies at oxford and later in italy and how he had fallen in love with rose .
this was the old rose , the rose who knew how to be happy , not the quivering battered one making her way through the events of the last months with fragile and desperate faith .
this was the old rose , the rose who knew how to be happy , not the quivering battered one making her way through the events of the last months with fragile and desperate faith .
i wanted to see rose and viktor , but not before i 'd spoken to marius .
we will share the making of each between us so that my gifts will go into both rose and viktor , and her gifts will go into both as well .
viktor stood in the shadows with rose , and viktor said it and so did rose , and benji shouted it again , throwing up his hands and balling his fists .
trinity gate would be the royal residence in new york , and we would have the ceremony for rose and viktor tomorrow night at trinity gate as planned .
and everard de landen , the french - italian fledgling of rhoshamandes , was the last to place several roses on the corpse .
` ` i think this ballroom should be the place for rose and viktor to receive the dark gift , '' i said .
i had only thirty minutes to be with rose and viktor .
and lestat was gone , gone with gabrielle and with rose and viktor , and with pandora and arjun , and bianca solderini , and flavius , and with gregory and chrysanthe - to his castle in the mountains of the massif central to prepare for the first great reception of the new court to which they would all come .
the walls were bright and cheerful shades of rose and daisy yellow , and the apartment was furnished in some of the items he had collected over the years - a marvelous little french table , a few victorian settees , and an amazing art deco bedroom set entirely in mirrored glass .
` ` it seems ... '' ` ` starting here , starting now , honey , everything 's coming up roses ! ''
the effect is charming , especially when her marmalade cat , mr . snuggly , sits like a furry statue amongst the roses , the ice plants , and the petunias .
before long , the first frost would fall , and she 'd prune the roses down for the winter and cover the soil with pine straw or hay .
the way chuy talked about rose made manfred regret his lack of family .
` ` i have a feeling your roses will love you , anyway , '' her friend said dryly and took another drag .
he inhaled deeply , breathing in her honeysuckle and roses scent .
either way , they were n't out there planting roses .
twinkling lights were suspended from the trees - trees that flourished with bloodred roses .
the papers on the desk were tidy , and the air was wonderfully sweet , smelling of roses and honeysuckle .
all she smelled was the roses and honeysuckle .
in fact , when she closed her eyes , she could imagine herself twirling in a meadow , thickets of roses stretching toward her , a rainbow of soft , fragrant petals .
and mary ann 's dad would probably have a heart attack if she inked anything , even something as innocent as a rose , into her flesh .
a vase of white roses that scented the air rested on a vanity .
he wanted to buy victoria flowers , but did n't have any money and did n't want to destroy meg 's roses .
yet the flower was lush and full , too , and it clung close to the branch like a rose .
` ` a fabulous , wonderful guy who loves sunshine and barfs roses . ''
` ` like red roses in a bridal bouquet . ''
` ` let 's make red roses in the snow , '' he whispered .
water and roses shot out in a clear arc and the heavy leaded crystal made a pleasing , smacking sound when it caught my attacker square in the jaw .
tia lovelace lived in a pink two - story flanked by climbing white roses and a generous front porch .
i felt my black rose burn against him .
this time , the three roses were cut from brilliant amethysts .
` ` it 's a necklace with ruby roses , '' he said .
but this one is inlaid with emerald roses , rather than ruby . ''
the three emerald roses sparkled with what i was certain was supernatural intensity .
indeed , there were the medallions with the ruby and emerald inlaid roses .
also pictured were medallions inlaid with sapphire and diamond roses .
i absently ran my thumb over the embedded emeralds , which were arranged into three roses .
he had placed red roses there before he headed to sanderson 's funeral .
she once had a brother very much like this one , how he had loved roses and chilled wine , but she had been forbidden from any contact with him after taking his mark .
she circled a finger across the five symbols that ringed this sacrificial tableaux : an oil lamp , a torch , a rose , a crown of thorns , and a bowl .
i pick up a necklace with a rose pendant .
there were only two sprays of flowers : a very big and showy arrangement of white roses that bore jonah mcallister 's name , and another , smaller one that featured crimson - colored orchids .
at least , that 's what my culinary professor had claimed last semester , when he 'd showed us how to turn tomatoes into roses with our paring knives .
finn had already tossed his flower in , and a white rose rested on top of the golden wood .
i let out a deep breath and threw my rose on top of the others .
the party must have livened up a bit , if folks had already come outside to f**k on top of mab monroe 's prize - winning roses .
a single red rose perched in a slender crystal vase on top of the table , which was set with bone china with a scarlet floral pattern swirled through it .
i followed her , although i dawdled , staring at the oil paintings on the walls , the crystal vases with their elaborate arrangements of roses , and anything else that caught my eye .
a variety of colorful orchids and roses floated in the pool , their sweet scents mixing with the spicy colognes and cloying perfumes of the businessmen and businesswomen in attendance , along with the sweat of the news crews hauling around their cameras and other equipment .
my foster brother had an impressive network of spies , snitches , and folks who owed him favors in ashland and beyond , and finn loved digging up dirt on people more than a gardener enjoyed planting his prize roses .
the gardener had been pruning the roses , and he accidentally cut one branch too many .
and all because he had n't trimmed the roses back exactly the way she 'd wanted .
another fountain , this one also shaped like a mermaid , gurgled in the middle of the area , and a variety of pink , blue , and green roses clustered together in urn - shaped , white stone planters that had been arranged around the fountain .
high , vaulted ceilings , crystal vases full of roses , lilies , and other greenery perched here and there , stone planters bristling with bonsai trees tucked into the corners , slick marble floors and walls : briartop was just as opulent inside as it was on the outside .
whitewashed benches and gazebos stood here and there among the manicured beds of roses and pansies , while weeping willows towered over them all , their tendrils kissing the soft petals below .
blood oozed out between her fingers , dripping down and painting ugly crimson roses on her pretty pink dress .
needless to say , our relationship had n't exactly been a bed of roses since then .
a variety of pink , red , and white roses twined through the fence slats , their delicate petals and thick green vines providing vivid splashes of summer color .
she wore a short - sleeved white sundress patterned with tiny pink roses - instead of her usual black jeans and t - shirt .
grimes squired her around the yard , dragging her over to the picket fence and pointing out the roses to her .
red splotches of anger bloomed like roses on hazel 's cheeks , and more smoke boiled up from her fists , even blacker than before .
more diamond pins glittered in her wavy black hair , this set shaped like tiny roses .
roses , to be exact - black roses .
roses , to be exact - black roses .
i let go of my magic , my skin reverting back to its normal soft texture , and frowned , wondering who would send me roses .
because this was n't your typical rose .
` ` roses ?
somebody sent you roses ? ''
the card , the message , the roses could have been anything from a simple greeting to the most biting sort of sarcasm .
for a moment , i was back there , back with the roses , back in the shadows , beaten and bloody and wondering how i was going to survive what was coming next- ` ` gin ?
his touch broke the spell that the roses had cast on me , and i pulled myself out of my memories and stared at him .
i breathed in , catching a whiff of his cologne , a spicy , heady scent with a soft , sweet note that made me think of roses .
in contrast to vaughn 's business suit , the other man was dressed down in khakis , scuffed brown boots , and a loose white cotton shirt patterned with bright pink , garish roses .
you know how much she likes roses . ''
14 at precisely seven o'clock monday evening , sebastian vaughn strolled into the pork pit , carrying a dozen roses .
instead of the typical red , these roses were a deep , dark color .
` ` i know most folks like red roses , but i thought that i would bring you something really special .
i buried my nose in the roses , breathing in deeply and inhaling their scent .
` ` thanks , '' i said , handing the roses over to him .
they have bigger , sharper thorns than most roses .
i thought you might like to see the greenhouse where your roses came from , along with the rest of my estate . ''
the house had three separate wings , each sporting a variety of balconies and patios , while white trellises climbed from floor to floor , all with roses of different colors winding through them - red , white , pink , and even a pale green .
sebastian pointed out several rows of flowers starting in the middle of the greenhouse and going all the way over to one of the walls - roses .
` ` my father always seemed to be happiest here , '' sebastian said , walking over and fingering a petal on one of the sky - blue roses .
` ` come on , '' sebastian said , dropping his hand from the rose .
lit candles the same deep , dark blue as my roses flickered in the summer breeze , while covered silver platters on the table reflected the wavering lights .
he was just so good to me , so kind , thoughtful , and considerate , and so focused on doing whatever he thought would make me happy , whether it was bringing me more roses , buying me a jumbo cookie at a sweets shop , or telling a bad joke to make me laugh after a rotten day at the restaurant .
she 'd rimmed my eyes with silver liner and a smoky black shadow and painted my lips a dark blue , almost the same shade as the dozen roses that sebastian had sent along with the dress .
vases full of those dark blue roses perched in alcoves in the walls , adding more color to the scene .
like her friend , charlotte wore a simple dress , although hers was black with splashes of deep blue , almost like abstract roses blooming across the pouffy skirt .
crystal vases full of those dark blue roses perched on shelves that had been carved into the gray marble walls , and four stone tombs stood in the center of the area .
clouds of dust from the broken stones wormed their way down into the tomb , trying to choke me , and i buried my nose and mouth in cesar 's suit jacket to keep from inhaling the dust , even though the stench of death filled my nostrils instead , along with the faint scent of his roses .
the scent of cesar 's roses filled the air , almost knocking me down with their sweet , overpowering perfume .
sebastian shook his head , as though he was disappointed that i was n't going to make things easy for him , then wandered over to the far side where the roses were - the deep , dark blue ones that he had brought me at the pork pit .
sebastian plucked one of the roses , then slowly twirled it around in his hand , studying the dark petals from all angles .
sebastian started tearing the petals off the rose , casually scattering them in his wake , as though he were a flower girl strolling down the aisle at a wedding .
beside me , a cluster of dark blue roses shook in their stone planter , as if they were shocked by the violence that was taking place right in front of them .
the planter crumbled , spilling dirt and roses everywhere , and a pleased , maniacal grin lit up sebastian 's face .
despite the chaos , the rose smelled as sweet as ever .
we stayed like that for a while before he reached out and picked up one of the roses , twirling it around in his hand .
why the roses ?
were the roses a threat ? ''
` ` well , your brother gave me roses like that once upon a time .
` ` so why the roses ?
` ` reminiscing is all well and good , but why the roses ?
red roses of embarrassment bloomed in his pale cheeks , and his blue eyes glittered with rage behind his silver glasses .
24 bria and i were still holding hands , enjoying the easy quiet between us , when another person opened the door and entered the stateroom - a dwarf wearing a string of pearls and a pink dress patterned with large white roses .
hell would sprout roses first .
dear beast lord , as your chief of security , i must warn you that i have deep - seated inadequacy issues ... yeah , hell would sprout roses first .
saiman , true to his modus operandi , had sent me white roses with a thank - you card , left on the doorstep of jim 's safe house , the location of which saiman was n't supposed to know .
a werewolf who can outrun me , who can bend metal into roses with his fingers , and who could grab julie in case of trouble and take off like a rocket never to be caught by freaky broads with deepwater teeth .
an amalgam of scents spiced the air : sweet and honeyed , reminiscent of a rose .
i climbed the stairs in the dusk and saw a bouquet of red roses in a crystal vase on my porch .
a cup of tea with small roses on it sat next to him .
dried roses and herbs hung in tidy bundles from the ceiling .
the white bedspread had a pink rose pattern that matched the drapes on the small window .
the white dresser had a huge vase of yellow roses .
the scent of lemons and something floral - roses maybe - shooed away any lingering doubts .
turns out roses and lemon combined with salt and cayenne pepper tastes like burning .
someone had left an offering of red roses in the center of the circle .
right then , guns n ' roses gave way to the opening chords of heart 's ` ` barracuda . ''
the first thing i noticed was the stain set against the cabbage roses on the gaudy damask spread .
i inhaled again , imagining the scent of the white roses i 'd seen in a vase on the console table just outside the room .
the inside was as red as a rose and the crimson juices dripped over my hands like i 'd shived someone .
there was no way for ted to come out smelling like roses on that one .
i require additional arrangements to negotiate a flight of stairs , but i stop to smell the proverbial roses more often .
flowers filled the terraces : roses , tulips , poppies , daisies , and odd but strikingly beautiful blossoms that looked like a cluster of inverted tulips hanging in an umbrella arrangement from a single purplish stem .
the air smelled of lotus and roses .
he was the venomous serpent in a bed of roses .
he says everything on msdu 's end comes up roses .
` ` they were roses .
you had a friendly chat , you complimented his jacket , and that night you woke up with the man standing over you , nude and holding a bouquet of roses . ''
well , if she expected me to wilt , she 'd be waiting until hell sprouted roses .
nobody even offered me a bouquet of headless roses .
and while we watched him rage , some long - gone man sang about being kissed by a rose at someone 's grave .
my bouquet would be roses and wildflowers , my hair would be up , and i would look at my husband - to - be through a filmy white veil that would only be lifted once we were pronounced man and wife .
if he 'd said it while holding out roses and apologizing , i might have been moved .
either way , he thought a gesture was in order , so he 'd picked up a dozen roses on his way .
bones stalked over , letting the roses drop to the floor as he grabbed her .
red roses , white lilies , and other flowers had been placed on the sidewalk outside the pork pit , along with stuffed animals - pigs mostly - and even some small , lit candles .
given how badly my supposed body had been burned , the silver casket was closed , with a beautiful spray of pink and white roses draped over the top .
all too soon , though , the minister finished his sermon and called my friends and family forward , each of them taking a rose from the casket spray to supposedly remember me by .
what was left of the casket spray of pink and white roses rested atop the disturbed , black earth .
behind the roses , my tombstone rose up , with my spider rune carved into the center of it .
a child - size , white wicker table with four matching seats stood in the center of the room , covered with a white china tea set patterned with delicate blue roses .
i realize you were mistaken , thinking i was flaunting him in front of you , and that 's why you tried to hurt my feelings by saying what you did about rose . ''
but after ezra came back that morning smelling of roses again , i used the entire day contemplating the pros and cons of flaunting a partner in front of him .
` ` and besides , at least i do n't walk around smelling like f**king roses . ''
we watched as rose and ezra both sniffed the air , right before rose peered down at her little , innocent pooch .
they had been roses .
black roses with a single red one in the middle .
chocolates or roses ... '' i trailed off as he pulled rolos and a small , single red rose out of the inside pocket of his suit jacket .
i chuckled , swiftly pecking his cheek , and inserted my rose in his lapel buttonhole for safekeeping before covertly opening a drawer to mrs . jonas 's desk and placing my new gun at the back .
like a bed of roses ?
during the spring and summer , roses and daisies grew in wild profusion behind the white picket fence .
when she woke , her room was filled with dozens of red roses .
a short time later , lunch arrived , along with a box of chocolates and another dozen roses .
as soon as the sun set , antonio strolled into her room carrying a huge bouquet of red roses with a red balloon heart in the center .
once she had a ride home , vicki asked the nurse to distribute the roses antonio had sent her to some of the patients who did n't have any friends or visitors , all except for the dozen he had given her personally .
after putting the roses in a vase , she went through the house and opened all the curtains and the window in the kitchen .
it was made of baby 's breath and bloodred roses .
besides , red roses had always been her favorite .
hearing the word on his lips sent a shiver of a different kind down her spine , had her imagining a small house with a red brick chimney and roses growing in the front yard , and her with a golden - haired baby in her arms .
he had seen her in her dress at the hotel but here , with her veil over her face and a bouquet of blood - red roses and baby 's breath clasped in her hands , she looked even more beautiful .
she wore a long black dress and carried a bouquet of blood - red roses .
and with that in mind , she practically jumped out of the bed , only then noticing the flowers set around the room - vases of red roses and pink carnations occupied every flat surface save for the dresser , which held a large white box and two shoe boxes .
there were more flowers in the bathroom - roses , again - along with a new toothbrush , toothpaste , a hairbrush , and a comb .
` ` that 's hardly surprising , considering the apartment is filled with roses . ''
first , he would call a florist and order five dozen roses for kusuma ila .
a blanket of dark red roses covered the closed portion .
in the spring and summer and sometimes into the fall , fat yellow roses bloomed on either side of the walkway .
she did n't have much luck with other flowers , but her roses made her proud .
megan ran her fingertips over the roses .
i 'll bet those roses cost a good three hundred dollars , not to mention an extra couple of bucks for that vase .
she glanced at the roses on the mantel .
smiling , she replaced the rose in the vase , then went up to bed .
every female on the planet knew a single red rose meant ` ` i love you . ''
had that been his intent , or was he just partial to red roses ?
taking a rose from one of the vases on the dresser , she plucked the petals one by one .
an hour later , another delivery man showed up on her doorstep bearing two red roses in a blown glass vase with a card that said , ` ` i ' m counting the hours until i can see you again .
she received four red roses and a heart - shaped balloon an hour later .
eight perfect red roses in an elegant silver vase , and a heart - shaped box of belgian dark chocolates .
an hour later , she received sixteen long - stemmed blood red roses in a waterford crystal vase .
she glanced around the living room as she went to answer the door , thinking the room looked like a florist shop that specialized in exquisite red roses .
the lighting was subdued , the walls papered with an elegant rose and cream stripe .
there were dozens of red roses in a sparkling crystal vase on the coffee table .
there were more roses in here , as well as a pair of candles on the bedside table , along with a bottle of red wine and two cut - crystal goblets .
a crystal vase held a dozen roses .
` ` the roses are from your father . ''
taking in the audience staring at her , meg 's fair skin turned a deep rose color , which probably looked appealing with her natural black hair but made the weird orange look weirder .
the pale skin blushed with a hint of rose on the cheeks .
only one person left her roses .
kylie inhaled a big gulp of frustration and the sweet smell of roses tickled her senses .
the memory of lucas having robbed his grandmother 's rose garden and filling kylie 's room with roses sent her bad mood on time - out .
then , seeing the note beside the rose , she sat up and reached for the slip of paper .
sweet dreams , lucas kylie reached for the rose and placed it to her nose .
he 'd left her a rose and a sweet note , and this morning all she 'd gotten from him was a half - assed smile .
* * * that night , kylie awoke to the smell of roses .
lucas knelt beside her bed , holding a bouquet of roses in his hands .
she sat up and saw more roses all around the room .
he took a rose and ran it down her nose and over her lips .
he picked up the rose and ran it across her mouth again .
the rose moved up .
once he 'd gone , she leaned back in bed , stared at the ceiling , and just breathed in the scent of roses , trying to remember every word he 'd said .
he 'd even brought her more roses last night .
` ` roses are red , violets are blue , show your true self or i'l put a hex on you . ''
then the sweet smell of roses filled her nose .
` ` nope , not yet , '' replied jen , ` ` but i want to get a rose on my ankle when i go to college . ''
all of a sudden , benji came around the backside of the school , holding a single black rose .
he glanced at the roses and lily 's that rested against the stone , some of them had gone past , but most were new .
she shifted the simple bouquet of pale yellow roses and orange baby 's breath in her grasp .
` ` life is not roses and sunshine dear , '' melinda retorted , her grey eyes as hard as steel as they focused sharply on aria .
her hands trailed over the yellow roses , she bent low , inhaling deeply .
` ` they 're roses . ''
` ` roses , '' she repeated , running her fingers lightly over the petals .
lilith rose smoothly , sending a renewed swell of roses wafting through the air .
anything but heat and the sweet smell of roses .
fangs sharp and extended into her bottom lip , and her long coppery hair swirled with the horrible scent of roses .
her bucking motions grew stronger , the horrible sweet scent of roses climbing up and around victoria , but she kept her head clear .
soft and smelling horribly of roses and blood and death .
she felt the heat of the room on her damp skin , felt the brush of wiry copper hair over her throat and cheek , then the smell of roses stronger .
he smelled ash and roses and ... blood .
the footman slipped in between her and lord bentworthand removed their rose - patterned dishes : the man 's fairly gleaming in its emptiness , and victoria 's roses still obliterated by blobs of potatoes , carrots , and a bit of stringy pheasant .
the footman slipped in between her and lord bentworthand removed their rose - patterned dishes : the man 's fairly gleaming in its emptiness , and victoria 's roses still obliterated by blobs of potatoes , carrots , and a bit of stringy pheasant .
and , as luck would have it , as she started out of the room , she glanced toward one of the hip - level square windows that faced the hungreaths ' enthusiastic gardens of pergolas flanked by clusters of lilies and hyacinth bushes , decorated with climbing roses .
it was as if it weighted the summer evening air , clogging the delicate essence of roses and lilies with rust .
seventeen wherein the smell of roses portends an unpleasant evening victoria realized , of course , that she still had n't identified the daytime vampire ... and that the man sitting next to her in the scraped - up , creaking curricle could very well be the undead in question .
` ` would you like a rose ? ''
there was a young woman hawking roses on the corner .
asked the girl , thrusting the bunch of roses in her face .
smelling of roses .
the smell of roses accompanied her movements , the cloying sweetness nothing like the delicate tea rose lady melly wore .
she smelled roses as if her face was buried in them .
she drew in a deep breath , the scent of roses and wood smoke filtering into her nostrils and lungs , and calm crept slowly over her .
she strained to break free , but her vision was still colored and the scent of blood and roses from the queen 's mouth beckoned and teased .
the scent of roses was nauseating .
now she stood and moved toward him , bringing with her a renewed burning in the bites on his neck and the scent of roses .
the unbearable smell of roses from the hideous creature in front of him .
this particular one was long and slender - but thick enough to be deadly to a vampire - with roses carved on the handle and the whole stake painted pink .
victoria had been able to convince verbena to leave off the feathers this time , although two pearls had found their way into the centers of the roses .
carefully she cut off one of the satin roses from above the hem of her gown and realized max was right - it would make a good candle .
and yer gown , my lady ... what happened to them roses ? ''
it was made of roses of every shade of pink imaginable , and with a single white rose in the center .
the other woman , mrs . faygan , who was dressed in a lovely gown of rose , decorated with matching pink pearls , seemed to be quite enamored with the italian pasta noodles she 'd become familiar with during their visit to rome .
to his great annoyance his stomach lurched when he realized that an undercurrent of the aroma was the same rose smell that always accompanied lilith 's presence .
cool , sure fingers smoothed over his neck and at the angle into his shoulder ; the smell of roses became stronger , sickeningly stronger .
the scent of roses , now warm on his neck , grew stronger , suddenly putrid .
the roses and lilies that grew in the garden below scented the balcony .
do you see those roses there ? ''
after all , she 'd never been described as a rose .
` ` you must be very close to sara and her family to name a rose after her . ''
she smiled without a bit of malice and continued , ` ` my cousin appeared to be so smitten with you that he has threatened to change the name of the rose he created for me ! ''
victoria turned to sara and asked brightly , ` ` did you ask your fiance about a rose ? ''
thus victoria was , in effect , surrounded by an array of men : an insufferably rude one , a father who painted his daughter 's br**sts in detail and who cultivated the company of vampires , a barone who grew roses , and a man who 'd made her shiver and tremble with passion only days before and now sat flirting with another woman .
it did n't take long for her to have her hair re - pinned , to change into a more flattering gown of rose pink , and to pull on a matching pelisse to keep the cooling fall air away .
a six - piece orchestra was arranged in one corner of the ballroom , nearly hidden by a cluster of white trees ; and a long table decorated with bowls of white roses held punch and other refreshments for the partygoers .
instead of stopping on the terrace where the potted gardenias and roses added scent and color to the evening , phillip drew her along with him past the end of the brick terrace and down one of the four paths that spiked from it .
a stone bench sat under the archway , and more clematis and climbing roses were tangled in it .
moments after the heaviest of the rain showers eased , victoria had walked down the aisle at the small stone chapel on the grounds of st . heath 's row carrying a cluster of lilies of the valley and yellow roses .
fresh , dewy , beautiful roses .
inside the terminal , two airport carts passed eph , one carrying a teary mother holding the hands of two frightened - looking children , another with an older black gentleman riding with a bouquet of red roses across his lap .
dori stared at the pink roses mr . dawkins dropped off .
wynn was in the kitchen quickly , cooing over the pink roses and reading the card .
a garden bloomed around us and the scent of roses came to me .
` ` lilies are always nice , but ask them to add roses .
it says when you wish to say i love you on these red roses .
i will send roses and lilies . ''
mindspeech came from flavio as i was admiring the arrangement of roses and lilies .
my beautiful rose . ''
the casket was empty , except for a few letters and a dozen red roses .
` ` there is our little rose , '' rene said when gavin carried me into the kitchen to feed me a bag of blood .
` ` our little rose is nearby ? ''
` ` lissy , this has n't been a bed of roses for you , i know .
the cashier at the twenty - four hour grocery looked at me oddly when i purchased nine bunches of cellophane - wrapped roses in different colors , along with several other mixed bouquets .
there was only one sad little bunch of roses left and they looked a little wilted to me .
` ` i really miss you , honey , '' i said and sat down heavily , the scent of roses thick in every breath i took .
` ` just hold tight , baby , we 're going to come out of this smelling like a rose , '' karl assured his daughter .
` ` i saw you dancing with our little rose , here , '' rene de la roque said , offering me a lovely smile .
despite the fancy digs and clothes , i do n't think his life has been a bed of roses .
it seems silly - there 's a hat and a rose and a fox , and little of it makes sense .
a scrawny black cat darts out from behind an altar strewn with roses and wine bottles , and rushes into the bushes .
like strips of photo - booth pictures or chains of white roses or mexican loteria cards .
the white wig towers at two feet tall , and it 's adorned with blue ribbons and pink roses and pink feathers and a single blue songbird .
` ` are you sure you want to- '' nathan 's words die as i wrench the pink roses from the wig .
the pink roses are added .
you 're too busy worrying about how many roses you 're going to get on cupid day to do anything more than throw on your clothes , brush your teeth , and pray to god you left your makeup in the bottom of your messenger bag so you can do it in the car .
` ` patrick better send me a rose , '' lindsay says as she shoots through one stop sign and nearly breaks my neck slamming on the brakes at the next one .
` ` last year i got twenty - two roses . ''
it 's a big deal how many roses you get .
you can tell who 's popular and who is n't by the number of roses they 're holding .
sometimes people scavenge for dropped roses to add to their bouquets , but you can always tell .
my first two periods - art and ahap ( american history advanced placement ; history 's always been my best subject ) -i get only five roses .
i ' m not that stressed about it , although it does kind of piss me off that eileen cho gets four roses from her boyfriend , ian dowel .
at least my note is better than the one ally got from matt wilde last year : roses are red , violets are blue , if i get you in bed , it would be really cool .
the roses are all different colors and this one 's pretty amazing : cream and pink swirled petals , like it 's made out of some kind of ice cream .
the angel is just standing there , staring at the rose lying on my desk .
the devil makes an impatient gesture with the roses she 's still carrying , and the angel - marian , i guess - quickly rejoins the other cupids .
` ` nine roses already ? ''
i let him move a little farther down the aisle before i say , loudly , ` ` i still have n't gotten my rose from you , mr .
i know he 's talking about the cartoon and the rose .
i put down my tray and my roses .
` ` nine roses . ''
there are a half dozen crumpled roses in the bottom of his bag - i ' m assuming one of them is mine - and besides that , an empty pack of cigarettes , a pack of trident gum , his cell phone , and a change of shirts .
` ` who are the other roses from ? ''
she slaps her bouquet of roses down next .
` ` she threw the rose out as soon as class was over .
so lindsay put a note on one of her roses and duct - taped it on juliet 's locker .
every year since then we ' ve sent her a rose and the same note on cupid day .
everything is the same : eileen cho squealing over her roses in first period and samara phillips leaning over and crooning , ` ` he must really love you . ''
by the time the roses get delivered in math class my hands are shaking .
the girl dressed like an angel is standing there , staring at the rose she 's just laid on my desk : pink and cream petals swirled together like ice cream .
she blushes as red as the roses she 's holding and stammers out an apology .
` ` did n't anybody ever tell you that the more roses you get on cupid day , the more popular you are ? ''
` ` i never said the rose was from me , '' he says .
after the cupids came in he took a look at my four roses , raised his eyebrows , and said i must have secret admirers everywhere .
it was lindsay who found out that juliet was n't sent a single rose freshman year , and lindsay 's idea to send her a valogram .
` ` do you think it 's because of our rose ? ''
` ` no roses today ?
in the past i would rather have died than be seen in the halls of thomas jefferson on cupid day without a single rose .
as she reads off the addressee she mouths the name quietly to herself , wonderingly , as though she ca n't believe there are so many people in the school , so many roses to deliver , so many friends .
as soon as mr . daimler ushers the cupids out the door - everyone in class still giggling and showing off the notes their friends have written them and trying to predict how many roses they can expect by the end of the day - i scoop up my roses and sail to the front of the classroom , dumping them in the big trash can right next to mr . daimler 's desk .
as soon as mr . daimler ushers the cupids out the door - everyone in class still giggling and showing off the notes their friends have written them and trying to predict how many roses they can expect by the end of the day - i scoop up my roses and sail to the front of the classroom , dumping them in the big trash can right next to mr . daimler 's desk .
that 's how big of a deal the roses are .
becca roth half rises from her seat , like she wants to dive in after the roses and rescue them from the fate of being crushed under paper and pencil shavings , failed quizzes , and empty soda cans .
becca blurts , ` ` you ca n't just throw out your roses , sam .
she 's probably trying to decide whether the social boost she would get from having four extra roses is worth the ego hit she would take for dumpster - diving to get them .
i thought maybe you did n't like my rose . ''
` ` the rose was fine . ''
i ' m sure the roses are very meaningful to some people . ''
when my mom comes home we petition her for a formaggio friday - we used to go to the same italian restaurant every friday night and that 's what we called it , because the restaurant ( which had checked red - and - white plastic tablecloths and an accordion player and fake plastic roses on the tables ) was so cheesy - and she says she 'll think about it , which means we 're going .
it takes me a second to recognize her , but as she turns a complete circle , looking for her friends , i do : the cupid from math class - the angel who delivered my roses .
lindsay chatters about how many roses she expects to get and whether marcy posner will , as usual , break down and cry in the bathroom during fifth period because justin streamer dumped her three years ago on cupid day , thus permanently sealing her fate as only medium - popular , and i look out the window and watch ridgeview go by in a blur of gray .
that 's where the roses are stored on cupid day , and i have some adjustments to make .
there are roses everywhere - overflowing their trays , stashed in corners , a few of them even scattered across the ground , petals trampled - and if you did n't know that there was actually an organizing principle to all of it , and a purpose , you would just think that someone had set off some kind of a rose bomb .
a room full of words that are nearly the truth but not quite , each note fluttering off the stem of its rose like a broken butterfly wing .
i doubt that anybody else has ever barged in on the rose room , especially not a senior .
there are five or six roses for tamara stugen and another half dozen for andrew svork and three for a burt swortney , who has the most unfortunate name i ' ve heard of in a long time .
juliet 's rose is thin and young , delicately tinged with pink .
` ` i need roses , '' i say .
she 'll have even more roses than lindsay edgecombe .
my stomach 's been performing its roller - coaster move so often - a combination of waiting for juliet to get the roses , hoping to see kent , and being disappointed - i ' m not sure it can withstand forty - five minutes of having to watch mr . daimler smirk and wink and grin at the class .
but then i see that lindsay 's looking at ally , a strange smile curling on her lips , and i know she must have just asked about whether juliet got our rose .
` ` you got my rose , right ?
` ` actually , '' i say , trying to keep the impatience out of my voice , ` ` i did n't get your rose .
the point is- '' ` ` i did n't get a rose from you , '' rob says , and i can see him very slowly starting to put it together : something is wrong .
i stopped by the c 's and carefully rifled through rob 's roses - skipping over the rose from gabby haynes , his ex - girlfriend , which said , when are we going to hang out like you promised , sexy ? -and removed the one from me , with the little note i spent hours agonizing over .
i stopped by the c 's and carefully rifled through rob 's roses - skipping over the rose from gabby haynes , his ex - girlfriend , which said , when are we going to hang out like you promised , sexy ? -and removed the one from me , with the little note i spent hours agonizing over .
` ` your rose is coming . ''
there is no rose , right ?
ally frowns a little at my tone of voice , but she repeats , ` ` she just got , like , this huge bouquet of roses delivered to her .
i ' ve never seen so many roses . ''
` ` i just do n't understand what happened to our rose , '' lindsay says , pouting .
` ` the roses .
if someone sent her all those roses ... i do n't know .
she raises a rose like it 's a glass of champagne .
ally and elody lift their roses , giggling .
i keep going anyway , threading past tables piled with food and roses and bags , everyone talking and laughing , oblivious .
` ` you missed some roses . ''
i hold up the rose .
and i think of all the thousands of billions of steps and missteps and chances and coincidences that have brought me here , facing kent , holding a pink - and - cream - swirled rose , and it feels like the biggest miracle in the world .
` ` you got those roses today , right ?
no roses .
i see now that the roses were a stupid idea , an insult , even .
people are coming into class , now , chattering and comparing roses , ignoring us .
kent mcfuller is getting an extra rose today .
when he comes out he 's carefully holding the rose i ' ve sent him , like he 's afraid it will break .
` ` thanks for your rose , by the way . ''
of all the roses i ' ve gotten it 's the only one i kept .
second chances kent 's valogram was only the first of several adjustments i made in the rose room this morning , and as soon as i enter the cafeteria i can tell that rob got his .
` ` got your rose . ''
he looks around , sees a single rose looped through the handle of my messenger bag , and frowns .
` ` what happened to all your roses ? ''
` ` if i call your name , you should come down here and take a royal rose ! ''
` ` that 's awful , '' cassidy whispered as anamica accepted her royal rose , her face bright red .
evan sauntered up there and hoisted the rose over his head like it was a prize .
i have no idea how i got from my seat to the center of the gym , but suddenly there was a rose in my hand and the whole school was rising up around me like i was some doomed gladiator .
` ` congrats , '' i told anamica after math class , since it seemed like the thing to do , the both of us sitting there with roses wilting on our desks .
because i had n't been broken when i 'd left my house an hour earlier , with a wrist corsage of white roses still cold from the refrigerator , but i was certainly broken now .
sure enough , the front page featured the picture from the pep rally , with all of us holding our royal roses and none of us looking at the camera .
oh , he 's always looking for ways to get me into his bed , or at least to that place we were that time down on the banks of red roses when ... well , never mind .
if you send a girl roses , that means love .
annie and sylvie have each other , and they ' ve gotten tight with rose .
it hits , bounces , and then rolls about on the deck and comes to rest at rose 's feet .
we are joined by rose , the farm girl , and by katy , who crouches down on her haunches in the circle , while the rest of us sit cross - legged .
` ` soon you 'll be back doin ' those roses and vines and fancy scrollwork for which you are famous throughout the land . ''
i ' m sure there were some who thought to get in our boat , but the sight of rose , hermione , and minerva with drawn bows and arrows pointed right at them made them reconsider and flee back to the boat we had provided for them .
our lawn looks more like it belongs in the english countryside - bordering hedgerows and shaped shrubberies and roses , etcetera .
he smiled , moved closer , held the rose to my ear .
his gaze locked on mine as he slowly dragged the rose across my lips , the fragrance of it sweet and overpowering .
he took his phone , laid the rose on my desk , and walked into the hal , whistling .
` ` although , i am so bloody bril iant , '' i say in my best pseudo - english - aristocrat , and am rewarded with a laugh and the ear i can see darkening to an unanticipated shade of rose .
mom says to deb , and i bite my lip , turning to swap the faded , drooping roses on deb 's dresser for the fresh tulips in my arms .
' the roses looked beautiful in her room , and when we got back in from a circuit in the garden , the whole room smelled rosy . '
tonight when i talk about my dream of a little ship and say , ` ` would n't it be grand to have a little seaside cottage to come back to and dry out between the voyages and the adventures and the cottage would have a big fireplace and roses and things , '' he do n't say nothing , does n't even snort at my silly dreams , just lies there all silent and i know he 's awake and it hurts me .
ambrosial scents wafted from everywhere , lavender and grass and roses .
it being summer , the zinnias are doing well , the hollyhocks about shoulder high - i ' m trying for the look of an english country garden , do n't ya know - and the roses are putting forth brilliant red buds .
there is one thing i do know for certain - a rose - covered cottage with a certain miss f. is definitely not in my future .
love , finley i fold the note in half and stick it between the stem and the white cotton - looking plant they stuck in with the rose .
` ` it was nice of you to bring the rose .
i recognized vivian 's influence in the white duvet with pink roses embroidered around the edges .
his cheeks flushed at the sight of the pink roses on the last page , and he slowly closed the book with a deep breath .
` ` fuck valentine 's day , '' jared exclaimed , handing sara a dozen dried black roses .
it was a carved gold circle , three strands of gold - sort of rose colored , and yellow , and white - all braided into a wreath .
but the sisters still propped their hymnals open to the wrong pages with their curled knuckles , wadded up handkerchiefs buried in the spotted roses of their hands .
strands of beads , knotted with crosses and red silk roses , hung next to the door , and the stone itself was etched with hundreds of crude xs in various shapes and sizes .
spotted roses , i thought .
it was a rose , hammered out of gold .
she was wearing her white robe with the pink roses on it , the one i gave her on her birthday last year .
did n't i give lena my good old rose necklace , so i can get a feel for her every now and again ? ''
he pulled a rose from a vase on a nearby table and spoke low in giovanni 's ear : ` ` i can take it from here . ''
when he saw the rose still in his hands , he tossed it casually to julia , watched her catch it , and then turned to speak to richard stone .
somehow the roses were thornless here .
mom had loved hibiscuses , but i loved roses .
i screamed , throwing the rose to the ground .
` ` you smell like roses and summer . ''
her hair was done up in an intricate twist , adorned by several fresh rose blossoms .
crystal vases full of roses sat in every corner and on every table , and flower - covered vines hung from sparkling chandeliers in a dazzling display of light and darkness and streamed across the ceiling .
someone had laid a wreath of roses on the god 's head .
seth turned around , not looking at me , but at the rose in his palm .
blue fire sprung from his hand , folding over the rose .
the blue flames licked at the rose between his fingers much slower this time .
seth blinked and the blue fire evaporated , leaving the rose whole .
seth glanced down at the rose before peering up through thick lashes .
silently , he handed me the rose .
the rose shuddered once and then collapsed into itself , leaving a fine blue dust covering my hands .
i laughed and let go of the rose .
a ray of light caught the deep - red crystal edges of the rose in bloom - such a delicate thing , crafted by the hands of a true warrior .
i could n't stop staring at the rose .
i moved them to the chain around my neck , slid my fingers to the rose .
bringing the crystal to my lips , i pressed a kiss against the rose .
she smelled of spring roses and when she pulled back , i did n't want to let go .
i sat on the edge of the couch and started fiddling with the rose again .
the clean scent of roses and the sweeter scent of peonies mixed with the heavier scents of grapes and olive trees .
there was something calming and peaceful among the roses and peonies .
the pitcher has little red roses painted on it , and so does the chamber pot on the floor .
i ' ve worked for some days on the edges of a silk pillow slip , embroidering it with intertwined roses and briars , and a few blue anchors thrown in for good measure .
i stared at the roses .
` ` he 's humming a guns n ' roses song ? ''
xavier stands there holding a bouquet of white roses , smiling from ear - to - ear .
` ` c'm on , what girl does n't love roses ? ''
there it lay , day after day of rose - colored dawns and creature sounds and strange perfumes , and waited for lovers to find it and fill it with their happiness . ''
dale shut the door behind me and i saw strawberries dipped in chocolate sitting on the table , along with a dozen roses , a card tucked into their stems .
he kissed me - the soft press of his lips , the way he breathed me in as if i was honeysuckle or lilacs or roses , the most compelling scent in the world - reminding me in an instant of his love for me , how much i had missed him and how much i was missing when he was gone .
i changed the subject , getting up from my perch on the edge of the counter , putting my bouquet down - pink roses , white ribbons and baby 's breath - to join aimee in front of the full length mirror where she stood in her wedding gown like something out of a fairy tale .
i felt his desperation , his urgency , and met it , using my bouquet of flowers to draw his head in toward me to kiss him hard , giving me a strong , heady combination of sweet roses and dale to fill my senses .
so we 'd watched the newlyweds cut the three - tiered columned wedding cake decorated with - of course - pink roses .
as more people crowded on to do the goofy , traditional chicken dance , dale pulled me past the tables decorated with pink and white roses as centerpieces , out of the room and down a quiet hallway .
` ` strawberries and roses and champagne . ''
wild roses encircle a dented sign , faded nearly to illegibility .
` ` your hair smells like roses , '' he says , and before i can respond , he wrenches away from me and into the hall , and i am left alone , with a fluttering in my chest .
small , scrolled - iron lamps illuminate birch trees and maples , trellises neat with climbing roses , and beds of blood - red tulips .
seeing angelica , post - cure , helping her mother clip roses in their front yard ; the way she smiled and waved cheerfully , her eyes unfocused , as though they were fixated on some imaginary spot above my head .
my fingers had been touching a rose with a jeweled stem .
the boy leaned over a work table with tiny tools , at the center of which was a single jeweled rose .
the boy crafting the rose was tall and slender .
his attention was solely fixated on the rose and the wound .
his fingers worked deftly , twirling the rose while touching it to my chest lightly .
as the poison was drawn out of my body and into the rose , the pain that ravaged me subsided .
the blue veins drawing the poison out dried up before the rose was filled , leaving it with a single silver petal .
the boy stopped twirling the rose .
he shook his head and lifted the flower away from my skin , flipping over the rose to look at the tip of the stem .
his brow creased , as he examined the rose between his fingers .
his gaze shifted from the rose to my horrified face .
the rose holds the venom in its petals .
the rose just ca n't do it .
the paintings were large and secretly hung beneath the mounds of jeweled roses and lilies , undisturbed and unnoticed .
it had protected a rose colored chaise with a scrolling back from a lifetime of dust .
taking it now would be like plucking a rose before it 's budded .
i uttered the third word , and raised the rose over my head .
slamming the stem down quickly , it shook her body as the golden rose became rigid and cut through bone , plunging into her heart .
jenna marie 's body jerked as the rose pierced her chest .
do n't let lorren remove the rose .
her chest was covered in red as the blood from the rose buried in her heart soaked through her shirt .
the rose that pierced her heart was gone , absorbed by her body .
as lorren spun the rose , it made the venom move through my body .
` ` almost done , '' lorren said , swirling the rose so quickly that it was a silvery blue blur .
she opens a magazine to a picture of a bride and groom underneath this elaborate trellis thing that 's covered in those pale pink roses she likes so much .
rhiannon is the only girl in the movie theater with a dozen roses on the seat next to her .
instead of cradling her roses , she dangles them at her side , as if at any moment she might need to use them as a bat .
she holds the roses up to her nose , smells them .
she holds the roses to my nose .
i asked you what you wanted and you said roses , and then you said , ` ` but not the flowers . ''
a novel called rose sees red , a biography of gypsy rose lee , a mix of songs by bands called blue roses , the stone roses , white rose movement .
a novel called rose sees red , a biography of gypsy rose lee , a mix of songs by bands called blue roses , the stone roses , white rose movement .
a novel called rose sees red , a biography of gypsy rose lee , a mix of songs by bands called blue roses , the stone roses , white rose movement .
i had n't looked in your room for the roses , but i figured i would have seen them if they 'd been there .
so i went into town , to the florist , and i got roses .
when the time came for us to head home , i noticed that the roses were already wide open .
until our get rid of the roses anniversary . ''
oh , yes - the roses .
as i added the thorns to the stem of my rose , mr . sterling appeared by our table , holding a pink slip of paper in his hand .
the pink bedspread coordinated flawlessly with the roses on the wallpaper .
i was n't sure what he was getting at , and i was afraid to ask him because he had that look on his face again , the one where it was as if i were a rose in a garden of weeds .
a girl lay inside , eyes shut , her skin as pale as snow , and her hands overlapped across her heart where a single red rose rested .
i let go of the pieces of grass and watched them blow into the garden full of lilies , roses , and vines twisting from the trees .
he was having this big bouquet of red roses made up for her and he 'd booked a table at one of the nicer restaurants in town .
* * * carmine paced the foyer again , dressed in a black suit and nervously twirling a red rose .
he led her into the cabin for the first time , and she paused right inside the door , surveying the dozens of roses faintly visible in the glow of the room .
she pulled off her coat and draped it over a chair before grabbing a rose .
roses are red , violets are blue , i went to work , how 'bout you ?
when the priest finished a few minutes later , mourners took turns placing long - stemmed red roses on top of the casket , one by one saying their final good - byes to the man inside .
haven took a few steps in his direction but stopped again when he broke his stance , grabbing a rose from the closest display and slowly approaching an adjacent grave .
he crouched down in front of the headstone and laid the rose on the ground before running his fingers along the words engraved on the worn white marble .
` ` thank you , mama , '' haven whispered into the empty room , giving one last look at her reflection before grabbing her bouquet of white roses .
celia wrapped her arms around his neck , clutching the rose along his back .
i thought you 'd like it better than roses or something like that . ''
i , on the other hand , still wore rags that smelled so badly of mildew and sweat that not even the rising aroma of roses could mask the stench .
small round tables sat at the edges of the room , covered with orchids and lilies and roses .
up on the mezzanine level , the texas delegation was singing about yellow roses , while a woman walked by wearing a big foam hat shaped like a georgia peach .
kat turned to see marcus in the doorway of the dressing room , holding a massive bouquet of roses and lilies and orchids so rare that kat imagined they must have been stolen from nature itself .
she could still see the smoke rising from the chimney of the big house hidden behind the trees , and yet it felt a world away from the tiny cottage with the white picket fence and perfectly pruned roses that stood before her .
the tiles on the floor of st . mark 's cathedral rose and fell like the waves in the bay , unwilling to give up without a fight .
` ` so he brought you some roses and you fell in love ? ''
mom starts tel ing dad al about her roses and sunflowers , gesturing out the kitchen window toward the garden .
i have a date with my bed : hiding beneath my pil ow and listening to some guns n ' roses .
i take the rose from him and give him a kiss .
` ` who said the rose was for you ? ''
ty whispers into ` ` who said the rose was for you ? ''
i bring the rose to my nose , to smel it .
wearing jeans and a sweater , he 's borrowed his grandfather 's car for the occasion , and he brings me a bouquet of red roses .
then ty comes running into the room , carrying roses , his cleats nearly slipping on the slick floor .
i walked around the office , looking at coach lynn 's things : silk roses in a vase , pictures of her family , the cat calendar on the wall .
the announcer calls each senior 's name , and dr . salter shakes our hands and gives each of us a little bouquet of roses .
parker licks her lower lip as she clips pictures : roses , dogs , kittens , lips , a softball glove .
` ` i heard from the gardener that master jack gave candy roxanne , that harlot of a country music singer , a tour of mrs . goodwin 's rose gardens .
tell him to send for a priest , holy water , and roses . ''
` ` yellow roses .
a trumpet sounded , echoing over the courtyard , and the smell of roses filled the air .
a magnificent mantle covered her shoulders , made of every flower under the sun : lilies , roses , tulips , daffodils , and plants i did n't have a name for .
bees and butterflies flitted around her , and the smell of roses was suddenly overpowering .
as i watched in horror , wondering why no one went forward to help , the smell of roses faded away , and the stench of rotting vegetation filled the courtyard .
does a rose by any other name really smell as sweet ?
sara , marjolein 's assistant , sits behind a clear lucite table , a vase of white roses on the desk .
the old couple from the senior center signed up to have their kitchen painted a bright pink to match their fake pink roses on their kitchen table .
i told him to bring yellow roses to your mom because they 're the best way to start -- '' ` ` they were n't yellow roses . ''
i told him to bring yellow roses to your mom because they 're the best way to start -- '' ` ` they were n't yellow roses . ''
lou is holding a huge bouquet of red roses in one hand and a ring box in the other .
like vanilla and roses .
and at home , sitting on his dresser , was a fresh bouquet of roses he planned on surprising her with .
from the hallway he could smell the roses he 'd bought for bethany .
it was pretty , a combination of pink and red roses .
blake stepped in , holding a half dozen roses in his hands .
blushing , i took the roses and inhaled their clean scent .
i stepped back , holding the roses close .
he leaned against the counter , looking around as i found a vase for the roses .
i smiled as i set the roses on the counter .
you did bring me roses . ''
` ` nice roses .
he patted me on the nose with the rose again .
i sat there , holding the rose until the teacher walked in and started calling off names .
cheeks flaming , i placed the rose on my desk , and i honestly do n't think i took my eyes off it .
the light caught the moisture on the rose .
the spring roses i 'd planted after school a week before filled the air with a clean , fresh scent .
a young man is standing on the threshold with a bouquet of very red roses .
as he leaves , he picks up a rose that dropped from elliott 's bouquet and hands it to me .
i offer the rose i am holding to mother .
` ` to give me roses ? ''
a dozen white roses nearly hide elliott 's face .
mother steps forward , preparing to say something , but i hand her the rest of the roses and turn away .
the roses in the centerpiece are wilting .
` ` she has taken a dislike to the roses your friend brought . ''
i wonder where elliott finds such beautiful roses in a city where beauty is no longer important .
mother rearranges roses in a jewel - encrusted vase , pretending that she is n't watching me .
i had fancied a rather more elegant end to my days - something more in the line of a peaceful death after an honored life , followed by a stately but tasteful funeral featuring endless ranks of weeping but well - dressed mourners covering the casket containing my mortal remains with mounds of perfect yellow roses . ''
i endure it stiffly , enveloped as well in a cloud of rose - scented perfume .
put bunches of roses all over my coffin , roses , to muffle the clods as they fall .
put bunches of roses all over my coffin , roses , to muffle the clods as they fall .
we do n't have roses , so the clods ai n't muffled as they fall , but make a sad , hollow , thudding sound .
the voices without rose and fell , like the currents of a spring - fed mountain stream .
and red is not the color of apples or roses or the dresses that pretty girls wear in summertime .
they 're covered in thorns - like a rose ! -and their hides are very pale and thin , their claws sharp , and their digits are quite dexterous .
i pressed my fingertips hard against the lids until red roses blossomed in the darkness .
there 's a vase of red roses and a picture of mom with me and tracy in matching satin - and - velvet christmas outfits .
he was good at building things ; several years ago he 'd made heather a rose out of petals of copper , with a steel stem and little screws for thorns .
colin is standing on our front stoop with a dozen red roses in his hand .
after cutting the bottoms off the roses and placing them in the vase , i find colin chatting with my mom on the patio , something i really do n't want him doing .
and at night he came to my house and brought me three dozen red roses .
when we got to the restaurant for dinner that night , a huge bouquet of red roses was on our table , along with a turquoise box .
at school , i open my locker and find two roses lying on top of my books , one red and one yellow .
the two of them have been inseparable since the last day of school , when he showed up at her house with a dozen roses and a song he 'd written about her .
carlos told me to bring you red roses , but i thought you 'd like yellow .
wren stood next to the roses , nak*d to the waist , wearing the sexiest boxer brief polo underwear she 'd ever seen .
he wore dark jeans , a long wool coat with the collar turned up , and carried an enormous bouquet of roses .
the fragrant bouquet of roses next to ali 's grave made aria 's nose itch .
in his hand were three long - stemmed , dethorned , blood - red roses .
amelia , whose own red rose was peeking out of the top of her ugly messenger bag , shook everyone 's hands , though she did n't look very happy about it .
the room smelled like roses and had a small basket on the sink containing hair spray , gel , spray - on deodorant , tampons , and butterscotch candies .
she 'd garnished each dish with basil , green onions , soy sauce , and even two red roses she 'd plucked from her mother 's vase in the kitchen .
ella 's boyfriend , an artist named francis who was on a month - long trip to berlin , had sent them to her , but he sent her roses all the time , so aria figured ella would n't miss a couple .
he held a huge bouquet of roses in his hand .
hanna eyed the roses .
maya unclipped her pink swiss army knife from her backpack and snipped off a rose from the lush bushes behind them .
emily dropped the rose on her lap .
` ` i just want to be with you , '' maya mumbled , twirling the rose between her hands .
it was only a tendril from another rosebush , its thorns fat and sharp , the roses plump .
the inside of the chapel was swathed in red draperies , tall white columns , and vases overflowing with red and white roses .
the inside of the tent was done up in pinks , reds , and whites , with bouquets of roses everywhere .
the petals of the dried - out lilac - colored roses lincoln sent me for my graduation last week create the border .
he remembered eventually , and bought me roses , but i need to complain .
i know i ' m going to sound like a snot , but he got me red roses .
whenever i see red roses i think of my grandma 's funeral , and then i want to cry .
the hand grasping the roses begins to sweat .
` ` they 're roses .
my arm drops and the leaves rustle together as the roses slap the side of my thigh .
lincoln left the roses and an envelope .
i drop to the top step and caress the roses .
lincoln is the only guy who has ever bought me purple roses .
she leans in and i inhale the distinct scent of roses .
i stare straight ahead and try not to focus on the sweet scent of roses drifting from her hair .
with her black hair sprawled out against the golden hay , she reminds me of a modern - day version of snow white - lips as red as roses , skin as white as snow .
my senses are flooded with the scent of roses .
you always smell like roses . ''
she tastes like fresh rain and smells like crushed roses .
i kiss her head again , revel in the scent of roses , and fight the urge to shut my eyes .
the moment i get out of here , i ' m buying two dozen roses and i ' m heading straight to beth .
i came straight from the competition to scott 's house so i could share my news and give beth the roses .
the smell of roses overwhelms me and i glance up to see beth by my side .
i ' ve seen roses the color of her lips .
beth reminded me of crushed roses .
you know , will u of k make it to the final four this year , will the original guns n ' roses ever get back together , will i graduate from high school , and what people we know in common .
the ballroom across the hall is decorated with thousands of mini pink roses and shimmering crystals .
but i have noticed that he has a very protective nature when it comes to you , and it is possible that in order to protect his frail and delicate flower from harm , he might order her to that rose - covered cottage by the shore to safely keep house and await his return from the perilous sea .
you taught me that one-'no roses without thorns . '
as i was a - goin ' round cape horn , go down , you blood - red roses , go down !
go down , you blood - red roses , go down !
oh , you pinks and posies , go down , you blood - red roses , go down !
just one more pull and that 'll do , boys , go down , you blood - red roses , go down !
by the time the sun crept over the horizon in delicate whorls of rose and amber , i was exhausted - and disgusted with my own weakness .
pink roses twine around a whitewashed lattice out front , and ivy climbs the garden walls in back .
the key to the door was kept in a rose - patterned sugar bowl .
under the shower , i finally washed my hair , using mum 's expensive shampoo , which was n't really allowed , and some of her conditioner as well , even at the risk of being given away by the wonderful scent of roses and grapefruit .
as i rubbed my head dry , i instinctively wondered whether gideon liked roses and grapefruit and then called myself sternly to order .
` ` yes , that 's right , '' i said , and then we launched into cheerful gossip about the party , the roses , and a bunch of people i did n't know from adam .
madame rossini pinned tiny , perfectly formed silk roses in place around the deep decolletage .
as well as about eleven pounds of ordinary hairpins holding it in place , there were some just for show , decorated with the same little roses as the neckline of the dress .
` ` one of those dear , pretty little roses slipped out of place , '' he claimed , with an insinuating grin .
merchant to keep his dirty paws to himself or i 'd hit back , whether or not any little roses had really slipped .
the picture i saw by its warm but meager light was a comfortable still life : a basket , several balls of pink wool , a teapot with a felt tea cozy , and a cup decorated with roses .
the room itself was much the same as in my own time , except that the two armchairs by the fireplace had different covers , a scottish plaid pattern in green and blue instead of the present cream roses on a moss - green background .
a sword surrounded by roses , and under it the words hic rhodos , hic salta , meaning something like ` ` show what you can really do . ''
i ' m wearing dead cotton on my limbs and a blush of roses on my face .
you can bring her a dozen roses that will never wilt or fade .
he gave her a wrist corsage of yellow roses .
even then she knew that , for the rest of her life , when she smelled roses , she would think of this night .
she had no way of knowing that the corsage of yellow roses did n't entirely perish .
he was out searching for afterlights to gather , but instead he found the cluster of yellow roses and baby 's breath .
she looked down to see that a yellow rose corsage had been slipped onto her hand .
miranda smacked him , then she said , ` ` his tattoos have skulls and roses but no fire .
owen stood there , red roses in hand , a plate of christmas cookies tucked under his arm .
he places a clear vase with a single rose and some baby 's breath on my dresser , and then adds , ` ` how you feeling ? ''
the table cloths were white , with low bouquets of white roses tumbling across the tables and down the sides to the floor , leaving only room for place settings .
the twenty - foot hedged bushes encircled the space , with wild , vibrant roses and delicate pastel hydrangea and chrysanthemums alternating in the thick greenery , providing welcoming splashes of color .
i even felt like a princess in my rose pink gown , held in the arms of an actual prince .
we had come to a private alcove , with a stone bench set in between climbing roses .
the sounds of air filters and the garden shifting from roses to daffodils with the deft , mechanical click of its holographic projectors .
lucien is with rose and the others , training in the simulator . ''
caia tried not to feel as if she had been slapped in the face by the mention of rose and lucien , together .
caia stiffened , and her eyes narrowed on rose , an amazon compared to her own small stature .
if he was n't so worried this was going to cause the rift marita intended , he 'd actually find it funny how un - intimidated caia appeared by rose 's height and build .
he 'd squeezed his eyes closed as the words tumbled spitefully out of rose 's mouth .
was it an unfortunate victim of your anger over rose and lucien ? ''
she thought he 'd want to stay for rose .
` ` why do n't you save the concern for rose ?
marita gave her rose 's room number with what caia was sure was a look of a glee .
caia stopped and peered around the corner of the hallway to see lucien standing in the threshold of rose 's bedroom .
i ' m not with rose . ''
you ' ve been with rose . ''
caia has not been divulging any information to you , lucien , because she was hurt and jealous by rose 's presence in your life . ''
` ` i never wanted to be with rose , '' he revealed through a clenched jaw .
jae did not like the possessive look in rose 's eyes when she watched lucien ... and she watched him all the time .
the grit of cy 's teeth told her she was probably bugging her , but the look on rose 's face was worth it .
he feared a discussion about rose .
` ` do n't , '' she bit out and then turned back on rose .
to be with rose ? ''
but as caia 's eyes drifted over them and came to a stop on rose , who stood a little off to the side from the rest of them , they would have to wait and see until after her showdown .
he wrapped a hand around her waist and tried to pull her away from rose .
his friend nodded and strode forward to take rose 's other arm .
their tiny socks were balled up like stamped - on roses .
she imagined eiffel towers and candlelit tables set with platters of poached lobster springing up in fields of thornless red roses whenever brooks hung out with maya cayce .
she reached for one of the roses on the table and plucked a pale pink petal .
my finger had stopped on an illustration of sankta lizabeta as she had died , drawn and quartered in a field of roses .
i recognized some of them from the istorii sankt'ya : lizabeta with her bloody roses , petyr with his still - burning arrows .
it was beautiful - white lilies , lavender roses , and purple alstroemeria , with clusters of tiny white baby 's breath .
the dozen red roses he held stood out more than he did in his ripped jeans and tight black t - shirt .
she gestured toward the roses .
there was a fake - or perhaps real ? -tattoo of a rose on the inside of her wrist , and her bloodred dress plunged provocatively to her breast bone .
the tallest one had dark hair , jutting collarbones , a deconstructed ballerina bun , and a tattoo of a rose on the inside of her wrist .
gabby gestured dramatically , like she was giving a shakespearean monologue , and trilled , ` ` roses are red , violets are blue , ethan landry , prank 's on you ! ''
on the walls were the kinds of paintings emma had only seen in funeral homes , various watercolors of roses and sunsets .
fifteen minutes later , ethan pulled his rattling honda civic into a parking lot surrounded by ivy - covered trellises and beautiful rose gardens .
oak beams crisscrossed the ceiling , and tiny vases held light pink roses alongside white christmas lights .
bright yellow roses sit at the center of every table , casting a buttery glow over the white linen tablecloths , and dangling chandeliers in rich blue murano glass light the space warmly .
the living room 's walls had been painted a dusty rose color , a fussy vine pattern stenciled along the top in dark green .
` ` i did n't take you for the roses and flashy red dress kind of girl , '' i said , handing her the so - large - it - was - almost - obscene bouquet of orchids .
while she 's delivering her perfect essay on relationships , all i want to do is lean over and kiss her neck and then take off her sweater and kiss along her br**sts and down to her belly , leaving little red spots on her white skin like roses blooming in the snow .
` ` just bring some roses , then .
they 're both staring at me like i ' m some kind of notorious strangler who just showed up with a bouquet of dead roses at his latest victim 's funeral .
though her windows were shut , an odd draft from somewhere in her room kissed her face , smelling strangely of roses .
and the smell - it was n't the smell of mildew , but of roses .
the phantom breeze flowed through her room , smelling of roses .
just as it had two months ago , a cold , damp breeze leaked through the cracks , but it smelled nothing of roses .
i outlined my lips in rose and ran a tinted lip gloss over the top , making my lips look bee stung and wet .
` ` what about roses ?
` ` see many roses around here ? ''
a red rose sat on top of the stack .
softer than the scent of roses in the realms .
but roses in the realms did n't make her heart race .
and for the rose , '' she added , realizing it had come from marron , along with the clothes .
she should stop making assumptions about roses and rings .
aria noticed a vase of roses sitting on a little coffee table .
perry picked up the small coffee table , upending the vase of roses .
no roses or rings with him , but a knife with feathers carved into the handle .
` ` i thought you liked roses .
tonight for one night only the re - nowned miss jacky faber will be in per - for - mance at the rose and crown pub - lic house !
eight o'clock at the rose and crown !
i wish i had my seabag and my paints and brushes and disks of ivory - i would do a portrait of joshua langley for his rose .
suddenly happy , i follow him onto the dance floor , which is covered in fog and strewn with white roses .
he really knows how to lead , and i relax and let him take me where he wants me to go , making an effort to look at his face instead of at our feet sweeping through the fog and roses or the people i can feel watching us .
she takes the bouquet of white roses under her arm and leans down as mr . erikson replaces her little silver laurel with a big gold one .
when mom gets home from town she discovers angela and me in the living room , angela painting my toenails a shade of deep rose , me fresh out of the shower .
i stumble down the spanish steps , aglow and beautiful in the dark , big pots of roses and azaleas lined up along the sides , the fountain at the bottom whispering .
everything 's familiar here : the california smells of exhaust and eucalyptus trees and carefully landscaped roses in the air , palm trees , the caltrain noise in the distance , the same old varieties of plants that i grew up with outside the windows .
it smells so good here , like wet cement and fresh - cut grass , the aroma of bacon and pancakes wafting between the homes , garden roses and magnolia trees , the smells of my life before .
she smelled like cloud and roses , i remember .
` ` she smelled like roses , '' he says .
i walk away without looking back , the image of my mom wearing a red dress , a silver charm bracelet tinkling against her wrist , singing and smelling of roses , bright in my head .
as she passed me , i got a hint of rose , and then they were there at the bottom of the steps .
she was already dressed for cotillion , too , wearing a navy dress , with a white rose corsage pinned to the bodice .
the scent of roses wafted over me as saylor held onto mom and looked deep into her eyes .
malaguena salerosa besar tus labios quisiera besar tus labios quisiera malaguena salerosa he beams in satisfaction and repeats the verse in english : rose leaves of malaga to kiss your wanted lips to kiss your wanted lips rose leaves of malaga and then he adds a bit more : and telling you , beautiful girl that you are pretty and magical that you are pretty and magical as the innocence of a rose for a rough country guerrilla , this guy pitches the lines pretty smoothly .
as i took the rose from my lips to receive the kiss , one of its thorns pricked my lower lip and i sensed a drop of blood forming there .
` ` that kiss we shared that night as we danced and the world fell away , leaving us alone , just the two of us ... and the music , the rose , the drop of your precious blood ? ''
the girls cheer and clap and throw roses down on their lads .
` ` you know , amadeo , '' i say , mixing up a bit of bluish rose color and applying it to the sheet in a middle - tone area and blending it into an adjacent dark fold .
twenty - four ` ` you do n't think that 's enough roses for today ? ''
ollie asked , nodding at the single - stem rose i held in my hand .
avery opened the door , her gaze dropping to the rose .
she carried the rose to the vase on her kitchen counter , where the rest of the roses i 'd been giving her were .
she carried the rose to the vase on her kitchen counter , where the rest of the roses i 'd been giving her were .
gramps set ellie down and her cheeks were a beautiful rose color .
she waved back and her face turned as red as a rose .
i stood there and watched ari as she rode off on rose .
there was a small dining room table on the right side of the room and it was covered in chocolate covered strawberries , fruit , more white candles and red and white roses .
the roses smelled so good !
jenny had a huge smile on her face as she handed me my bouquet of pink roses that had a small hanky that emma carried with her bouquet , my something borrowed .
i quickly glanced back down the aisle to see ari walking toward me with a huge bouquet of roses .
the room was filled with led candles everywhere and roses were covering every possible surface .
do you like sitting up there on rose ?
just then we heard ari and matt riding up on rose .
i jumped off of rose , and emma started to take her back to the barn .
then , he watched as ari took care of rose .
they had placed bigger birch trees in the middle and surrounded the base with white roses and stargazers .
heather , amanda , and ellie had white and silver roses in their bouquets .
i still had no idea how they got the roses to be silver , and i did n't care .
the small round table that was up here was covered in a beautiful white tablecloth and there was a huge bouquet of white roses .
i let out a gasp as i saw the vase of roses sitting on the sink .
it was like bathing in a bouquet of roses . ''
soon i was driving slowly , bumpily , down a narrow lane with brambles and briar roses on each side , wherever the edge was not a stand of hazels or a wild hedgerow .
the walls were pale pink , my parents ' bed covered with a bedspread covered in its turn with huge printed roses .
i knew it in the way i knew that grass was green , that roses had sharp , woody thorns , that breakfast cereal was sweet .
she laughed knowingly and the rainbow in the sky swelled , bathing everything in a marigold , tangerine , soft rose , periwinkle , and wooden green .
the nurse took her through many marble corridors and up and down many marble steps , and at last they came to a garden full of white roses , and in the middle of it , on a green satin - covered eiderdown pillow as big as a feather bed , sat the princess in a white gown .
` ` that which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet . ''
` ` everything is coming up roses , '' said miss forcible .
the roses drained from her cheeks .
11 red roses , white roses ... black roses justin arrived right on time .
11 red roses , white roses ... black roses justin arrived right on time .
11 red roses , white roses ... black roses justin arrived right on time .
but underneath it all was the scent of roses ... veronica 's scent .
someone dragged the sheriff 's chin back , and mason did n't hold but for a moment before he made the sheriff 's neck bloom like red roses , drawing the same line over his throat that been done drawn over ravenna 's .
a wash of color went all over her face , splotches of pink and red like fast - blooming roses .
they shouted my name and threw roses at my feet . ''
mom had mapped it online , and then estimated its property worth based on other prime oceanfront real estate , but i still was n't prepared for its beauty , its fanciful gables and turrets , its crisp white latticework and trellises of climbing roses .
but now the florists and confectioners have gone , dropping off their arrangements , their bowls of trailing ivy and hothouse roses , their iced petits fours , their candied lavender and orange - blossom petals , and other delicacies beyond the household 's practical expertise .
` ` back when holden hosted his junior class party , and we walked over to the wildes ' together carrying that double - fudge cake your mom had picked up at betty bakery , and all the fondant roses on the sides got smushed ?
she inclined her head to acknowledge the gift , though mrs . boughton was the type of person who would almost rather be irritated to receive a rose or vanilla candle than accept that someone had attempted to be considerate .
his eyes were already red from the fresh - cut roses on the table , which of course nobody had any intention of displacing .
` ` wyatt worked his magic on the stem of a rose and it coiled around my neck .
the stem of the rose elongated and snaked around nate 's neck , sharp thorns needling his skin .
the doorknob was worked into the likeness of a rose .
` ` i love the radish roses . ''
` ` nobody likes radish roses , '' jen said .
they told stories about brittany , and i cried along with davina and jen ; i regretted so much that i never got to know the girl who would strip down to her undies and steal a rose on a dare or drive twenty miles to buy a case of beer because she 'd promised to make davina 's first party the best one ever .
` ` but you never make me radish roses . ''
no , no , seven , because now there came a series of quicksilver bursts , like the twinkle of fireworks : a brick patio , white roses climbing a trellis , the lazy drone of bees , and then there was her mother , her mother , her own beautiful mother , standing next to her dad and her dad was saying , i guess we thought you being seven was old enough for you to know how to take care of your things .
there had been those forgotten memories of her wagon and white roses and her mother .
her vision bloomed with black roses , and she felt her head going a little swimmy .
but what really riveted her to the spot , made her actually start back with a little shriek , was the blood : scarlet roses unfurling where hannah had placed the wound wood after blessing it .
in the next moment , she was falling even further , sinking away from herself but pulling him down with her , tasting him , warm , so warm , tom 's urgent mouth on hers , the sigh of his breath over her tongue , the desire a hot rose that unfurled in her chest .
an orange - yellow rose blossomed .
a red rose of heat bloomed on her forehead .
watching the white length of her mother 's throat convulse and swallow , move and slide , rima thought back to the fight on the snow and what tania had become : the way her throat had pulsed and heaved before that bloom of jointed legs erupted from her mouth like a gruesome black rose .
the day after i went out with him for the first time , he hand - delivered a dozen roses to the hospital for me .
as we stood by the lattice overgrown with red roses , he explained how he 'd bought this house with his last narkotika advance , and now he gave the money to star to pay bills and make sure the taxes were sorted out and he worked band gigs when she said they needed more to keep things on the level .
it paused by the roses , but they were n't what it was looking for .
she smelled like roses , like me .
` ` ulrik bought that bmw wagon from a guy who was selling roses by the side of the road in st . paul , so i got the escort .
we are nose to nose and elizabeth smells like a shipload of english roses .
here it was more saturated still : pastures green and gold ; barns red and white ; dense , messy autumn roses hanging on crowded bushes ; purple , drowsy mountains half - hidden behind the tree line .
unlike the dry vines , the rose was hyper - alive .
the rose was growing itself to death .
she smelled of roses and masking tape .
with the doors shut , the room smelled like roses after dark and a match just blown out .
there was no way to get to it without digging up the rose .
it took him a moment to realize she meant the rose .
close by , gansey could smell roses and grass mowed for the first time that year , and farther away , he smelled damp earth coming to life beneath last year 's fallen leaves , and water running over rocks in mountain crooks where humans never walked .
every rose was pleasingly groomed .
there was no answer , but the scent of summer roses lingered , out of place in our untidy room , as if maybe she knew i was lying .
eleanor 's mouth was pursed now , like a lovely rose , but her eyes glimmered .
we did n't talk about the rose on the drive home .
something about the way the moon looked , enigmatic and eternal , reminded me of how i 'd felt when i made the rose blossom in my hands .
strings of crystal and ruby lights hung down from the ceilings , while the dance floor was lined with red roses , each with tiny crystals tied onto the stems .
sighing , i knelt and sniffed at a perfect white rose .
lilies , honeysuckle , jasmine , roses .
` ` every rose has a- '' ` ` shut it , '' she growled playfully .
every petal on every rose detached from the stem and fluttered into the air , swirling around into a cloud above us before drifting to the ground in the shape of an a. aphrodite .
opening her door quietly , i was immediately assailed by the scent of roses .
the smell of the roses would not come close to overpowering the strong scents of horses , manure , dust and blood that would fill this stadium in a little while .
the white roses next to me allowed their sweet scent to waft into the breeze and i inhaled it deeply .
still annoyed , i gathered fresh roses to put in a vase in my room and then gathered a few more for guinevere before heading inside to ready for dinner .
i inhaled a breath and in it , i could taste the roses that drifted in on the breeze from the gardens .
the night air was thick with dew , roses and brambles .
the heady scent was delicious , like nothing i had ever smelled before ... like a combination of peaches , roses , honeysuckle and jasmine .
we sat on overturned planters among climbing roses , a kerosene lantern on the grass between us , dawn not yet broken beyond the glass walls .
a single white rose lay in front of the picture .
` ` the rose goes much better with the shawl .
and yet only yesterday patrick had run up to her , laughing , cupping a tiny rose - colored newt in his muddy palms , and asked her whether they could keep it together , as a pet .
alejo felt a grin coming on , and he plopped down at the table , pushing aside an ugly vase of melon - colored , gold - coated roses .
more aromas arose : hot chocolate , fudge , popcorn , roses , tangerines .
random visuals fall into my swinging gaze : white comforter with small roses dotting the trim , green and silver pompoms hanging off the bed post , computer desk with books and stuffed animals crammed into the cubbies , clips and hair bands on the dresser , brush filled with long , copper hair , quotes scrawled on the closet door .
my god , how some people manage to come out smelling like roses no matter what they do .
three things then happened , one gravity took charge of the aircraft and it belly flopped into the centre of the flower bed , two - whilst descending , the remnants of the engines jet - wash blasted the roses below , up , up , and away , along with the recently applied natural fertilizer , and then three - gravity again took charge and deposited most of the fertilizer back into the open cockpit .
the hospitals gardener had threatened to do something very nasty to the hospital administrator with his pricking out stick if the actual re - enactment in reverse , for the benefit of the cameras , came anywhere near his new roses .
rubies in the form of a rose were imbedded in the tiara .
out of breath , a sheen of perspiration covering both their bodies , he huskily said , you are extremely passionate , my rose .
but , my rose , you will have to trust me from now on to get us both out of the piracy life .
- i d hardly pay attention to the orange trees and roses and grass in the small courtyard , or to the climbing bushes at the fence .
twice he approached the small stage for delivering roses to both singers .
and when the sun hurtled to the ground and the treetops were painted in a rose that quickly darkened to red and then wine , she still flew .
they watched rose - a - lee pour the bubbling white liquid from the chalice into the cups and place them back on the table , allowing the brew to cool .
in her rush to get away from the computer she knocked the crystal vase full of red roses from the side table .
glancing at the roses on the floor he asked .
up till today i ve left seventy - four roses .
he spied a row of long stemmed roses in buckets leaning against the wall .
the liquid i transferred from the container to the stem of the rose has three parts to it .
giving no warning crompton threw the rose , stem first , at ambers neck .
he 'd been all charm and flash , fancy restaurants , tickets to a country western concert , jeez , even roses , can you believe it ?
i called for hans who spoke , shaking in his shoes , the bulgarian krvoijac must be chained to his grave with wild roses .
she came to me as i was planting roses in my yard .
from his chair , even if i did nt see , took a buchet of white beautiful roses .
he got closer to me , and handed the roses to me .
i went slowly to him , and i saw a big bouquet of white roses on my chair .
then as i presently rose , staggeringly and with no thought save of the river which flowed with cool murmur so near me -- as i rose , a light hand was laid like the touch of a rose on my arm .
1 the three presents of d'artagnyn the elder on the first monday of the month of april , 1625 , the market town of meung , in which the author of romance of the rose was born , appeared to be in as perfect a state of revolution as if the huguenots had just made a second la rochelle of it .
he was a charming man of twenty - five or twenty - six years , with dark hair , blue eyes , and a nose slightly turned up , admirable teeth , and a complexion marbled with rose and opal .
the two women in black rose , bowed to aramys and d'artagnyn , and advanced toward the door .
the rose brought back memories of her mother 's funeral .
she pictured him dressed in a tux , with a white rose tucked on the collar .
she reached inside her coat , brought out a red rose flower and placed it on the grave .
miss miriam is eating like a christian again , and she had roses in her cheeks when she came in today from drawing plants .
she removed one vase full of blossoms on the bedside table , although they still looked as fresh though they had just been picked , and replaced them with the new container of yellow roses , peonies , and snapdragons .
dwylar rose and was quickly out of sight as he slid down into the blackness of the ravine .
dwylar rose and moved toward them looming larger than life over the small sheimas .
dwylar rose and looked at the two sheimas and then to clancy flashing a broad smile across his hardened face .
dwylar rose and walked over to seika 's pack and through sheer boredom all eyes of the camp followed him .
dwylar rose , bringing forth the weapon of the eastern kingdom .
dwylar rose , moving closer .
he d been involved in the cause all his life and it was time to get out and smell the roses .
i said , my eye on the black princes and the rose .
the rectangular short sword was a dark pink , like a rose .
a thorny rose she had been , but a rose .
i smell yellow roses and hear bumblebees droning beneath her voice .
i smelled crushed roses in the air , though i ca nt say where the scent came from .
her face was half - covered by a rouge handkerchief , a staple of the infamous gunfighter - though this one had no scrawled design , just deep red roses embroidered on dark cloth .
fabric , with a rose on it .
not saying everything is roses , not close to that , but at least on the surface of delusional living the world scene looks a little better than it does for us .
in the bathroom he had drawn a hot bath and within the bath he placed floating candles and yellow rose pedals .
ken arranged while they were out eating for the hotel to bring yellow roses into their room and hang them up all .
if you wonder , yes , sabrenas favorite flower is yellow roses .
when they got back to the hotel sabrena just got angry because the hotel tv did not have hbo and when ken asked her about the roses she said , why do nt you try and be a man in some real way .
in her arms , she nestled a beautiful bouquet of red roses given to her on her arrival at dallass love field by mrs . earle cabell , the wife of dallass mayor earle cabell .
mrs . kennedys beautiful pink dress now almost matched the exquisite bouquet of ruby red roses she had dropped onto the limousines floor .
the first lady received a bouquet of red roses from the dallas mayors wife , which she brought with her when they finally entered the waiting black limousine .
each built a city in the cliffs for their wives , queen eloysa the rose , and queen ashira the jewel , just as their father had done for their mother .
i had more or less decided to call it a day myself , you know , resign myself to the pension and a quiet life tending my roses .
he was dreaming of the retirement he would enjoy once his return voyage was completed : a cottage in kent , perhaps well away from the sea where his wife of thirty years could engage in her passion , growing award - winning roses .
the box contained a dozen exotic roses .
it was in the amount of four hundred and twenty - seven dollars , and it thanked him for his purchase of two dozen extremely rare , exotic russian roses .
it contained a christmas card from duke manfist , a dozen exotic roses , and an invoice made out to somebody named timothy nerdington .
the name canny rose was painted in block capitals along the bow .
a short while later she was jolted to her senses as the boat thudded against the quay , and she heard the men moving around felt the boat move as one and then another of the crew jumped ashore , then more gentle bumps as the mooring lines were secured , tying the rose firmly into her berth .
she did n't want to think about how much trouble she would be in when she returned to the rose but it was worth it just to be here , on her first step into the legends , her first tentative movement towards the life she hoped was to be her destiny .
the sun was setting on the horizon , and eleanor ran as fast as her feet could carry her down to the harbour and across to the rose .
a couple of the imperial officers were attempting to tie the two boats together , having apparently got hold of one of the rose 's mooring ropes .
she was running out of blades and a few more of the imperial force had now made their way aboard the rose ; the sound of dagger ringing on dagger , along with the occasional curse and cry , filled her ears and she wished that john had n't stripped her of her weapons .
` ` can the rose outrun this ship ? ''
` ` when the girl cuts you free , you 'll leave this boat and get back to the rose as quickly and silently as you can .
once they were all free , john led the way up the ladder and across the deck to where the rose was still lashed in place .
somehow they made it aboard the rose without incident , and while john collected up the assorted weapons which were still scattered across the deck his crew hurried to untie the mooring lines , haul the anchor , and rig the sails for a quick getaway .
she hurried to loop her rope through one of the heavy iron rings , passed the end back to sandy aboard the rose , and waited impatiently for the others to finish .
` ` you 'll help us take the goods up to the market , then we wo n't need you until we 're ready to leave though you 're welcome to sleep on the rose if you want . ''
it did n't take long before her joints were stretched beyond her comfortable reach , and she cried out in pain as her shoulder gave way again where she 'd pulled it aboard the rose .
she remembered the trouble she 'd had on the rose she was good with her knives , but in that environment she 'd have been better off with something less precise .
she avoided the rows of heavily - armed tarasanka military vessels , pausing only briefly to wonder how such a small country managed to find enough sailors to maintain such a large navy , and headed towards the merchant ships berthed where the rose had been all those weeks earlier .
it would presumably take about as long to get home as it had taken the rose to reach taraska , but she wished the time would pass more quickly once she was home she 'd have things to do that might take her mind off raf and the state she 'd left him in .
she found it strange to be on a ship with women and children who did nothing to pull their weight so far as the sailing was concerned although the women did cook , which made for a somewhat more varied diet than aboard the rose .
she asked , thinking back to the inconvenient pitching of the rose .
the entire hospital room was filled with roses .
she told him of his allotment full of roses .
the roses are beautiful , said beth noticing a lion .
he motioned to the wooden bench surrounded by sweet smelling roses .
she was immediately hit by the strong fragrance of the surrounding roses .
sitting on the bench in the sun surrounded by roses anwar began his tale .
the white birthmark was clearly in the shape of a rose .
yorkshire is famous for the war of the roses .
everyone is complaining about insects this year yet my roses grow strong and beautiful .
i need you to believe in rose .
i do nt have long left on this earth , and my little white rose deserves to know who she is , and how beautiful her mother was .
beth was still sitting on the bench surrounded by swaying roses .
she quickly placed the rose on the bench and gently placed the two envelopes in her purse .
she stopped momentarily but continued on quickly , leaving the rose behind .
the first was sealed , with rose written neatly on the front .
i m going to find rose , and i m going to make anwar a happy man .
i m devastated that i did not get a chance to meet my rose .
i m feeling that the search for rose will help us on our journey to the portal .
beth explained what a wonderful man anwar was and how he grew roses .
unfortunately he will never get to meet his beloved rose .
i m not giving up on rose .
i need to find rose akhter , she was a little girl given to the kalam family twenty years ago .
they thought they remembered a name like rose .
the search for rose felt like it was beginning to be a long shot .
i d like to talk with you about a little girl that you grew up with called rose .
i understand how rose would feel , but i need to put the record straight .
he did nt abandon rose , he only informed of roses existence a week ago .
i talked with rose ; she wants me to give you her work address .
lets go talk with rose , said beth sliding her hand to her rear jeans pocket .
she made sure she had roses letter with her .
he grew roses in an allotment in yorkshire , england .
rose , he grew roses and delivered them to the hospital and old age pensioners homes .
beth slid the envelope over the desk towards rose .
beth arrived at the door ; she smiled warmly and shook hands with rose .
the note you ve graciously delivered to rose outlines just how wealthy she has now become .
she was surrounded by beautiful white roses and could smell incense .
she examined her inbox but her eyes stopped at a note from rose akhter .
i also know that you spoke with rose akhter of the reika foundation in kolkata .
she pictured anwar sitting on his dirty bench in the yorkshire sun rubbing his soiled stained hands and growing his roses .
he always had a thing about roses , i never knew why ?
the rose , said beth quietly .
she thought of anwar and his allotment full of roses .
she remembered the rose he had given her on the bench .
she recalled the birthmark on the forearm of aklina being in the shape of a rose .
she remembered her search for rose akhter .
to the right of the rose was a gold and cyan colored plaque with 1702 written in stylized gold numbers .
so far the the mountain of thabor , the rose , the golden tree had reproduced her journey in sequence .
the following guild houses were in sequence ; the mountain of thabor , the rose , the golden tree and the swan had told of her journey .
the guild houses continue to map my journey ; this ca nt be a coincidence ; the mountain of thabor , the rose , the golden tree , the swan and the star .
ingrid bergman chapter 1 : the rose and crown city of york , england , 1890 .
he approached the door of the rose and crown public house .
still engaged in conversation were ben , paul , david stark the tailor , gareth pymm the carpenter and william enright the landlord of the rose and crown .
after three months he welcomed her back from a business trip with a bedroom full of roses , a large tub of mint chocolate chip ice cream and warm bath drawn .
as she scooped the ice cream from the tub she noticed the flowers , white roses of course .
she preferred roses .
can you see the rose ?
the master tried to point upwards at the rose but did not possess the strength to lift his arm .
turn the rose , turn it .
the master continued to try to point to a carved wooden rose housed within the headboard of the bed .
jackson reached out towards the wooden rose and turned it clockwise .
to his surprise the rose rotated easily and a small drawer slid open at the top of the headboard .
instead , she would wear a long white flowing chiffon gown carrying white roses and babys breath .
good morning sadness sadness is a friend of melancholy you know the road that will take you to happiness so that you will not be sad or melancholic anymore november the month colorful autumn leaves are all around the first snow falls fresh and light like your soft face your cheeks on the first cold morning red like the roses in may the description of your visage is always near my heart you are still a young suave girl with eyes like wet violets your hair is autumn red but your visage is not melancholic like autumn yet like the smile of paradise sweet and suave like venus of the ocean a sweet divine creature made of strawberry milk and petals of rose flowers perfumed with spring air as autumn returns every year it seems less melancholic with you on my horizon yet calmer and happier the winter , spring time and summer are good friends of autumn the other seasons will be happy to welcome autumns smile again no more melancholic autumns for me .
# # # more fiction from concerning life publishing available at www.concerninglife.org personal vengeance : lake haven murders series book one the golf course massacre : lake haven murders series book two yellow rose of texas : the secession of the lone star state the patriot paradox by william esmont copyright 2010 by william esmont all rights reserved .
later , kristall came , bringing angell blue roses .
marvell was standing straight at the door , with a lovely red rose bouquet , smiling to her .
by the time they reached its rose covered door they were both tired and ready for a drink ; but it was still closed .
for most of the trip , we battled nettles , blackberry vines , wild roses , and just about every other plant that had thorns .
what about the rose in your lapel deputy ! ''
a rose , what rose ?
and indeed the rose was no longer there in its place hung a small old fashioned school bell .
then he flourished his sword producing an explosion of sparks which floated to the ground as a multitude of roses of all sizes , colours and shapes .
the surface of the table had been inlaid with small pieces of wood to form an enormous rose , which changed colour depending on the glancing rays of the sun .
remember , the contact signal in harbundai is three red roses .
sisters click here for more stories from kristie lynn higgins or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/page2.html ayann # 1 a fantasy action adventure series beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose series behemoth dragon rite # 1 catching black fire ... dragon rite # 2 esspell , dragon magic the florida house mission one a.k.a unexplained unexpected : vampires grimm # 1 janes entrance grimm # 2 the beast , the rose , and the sword shunned # 1 the metal veil and the weeping sword named tear shunned # 2 band of dragons rex of the dead- a dog 's view of the zombie apocalypse road rage zombieland zombies ' undead beginning www.kristielynnhiggins.com das road by brian bakos copyright 2013 brian bakos smashwords edition other titles by brian bakos smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
entwined roses decorated the edges , and lakatos dominated the top margin in shining capital letters .
peeking around in the bathroom , hodge said , smells like roses in here .
the end - click here to read sogi2 or visit www.kristielynnhiggins.com/sogiseries-2.html sogi1 index -beretta- -coffin handle bowie- -dry clouds- -etna toys- -kat- -kim- -musci box- -noir- -rogue- -transgenic grass- -transgenic maple- -walther ppk- click here for more stories from kristie lynn higgins ayann , a fantasy action adventure # 1 beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose beauty of the beast # 2 daughter of a king behemoth dragon rite # 1 catching black fire ... dragon rite # 2 esspell , dragon magic the florida house mission one a.k.a unexplained unexpected : vampires grimm # 1 janes entrance grimm # 2 the beast , the rose , and the sword shunned # 1 the metal veil and the weeping sword named tear shunned # 2 band of dragons rex of the dead- a dog 's view of the zombie apocalypse road rage zombieland zombies ' undead beginning www.kristielynnhiggins.com callum espley clegg copyright 2014 by callum espley clegg smashwords edition athenas descendants and the jewel of barthimia second edition ( edited and altered ) by callum espley clegg contents : chapter 1 - the last of the twelve .
the bier , strewn with roses and other flowers , was set into a cradle of sorts and carried by four white horses .
the ring was unusual in it was a red ruby carved into an elegant rose , mounted on a solid gold ring of thorny branches .
scarlett scratched her head , careful not to disturb the rose , and did her best impression of not having the slightest clue in the world .
her hair was still being done as she waited for servants to carefully place a hundred roses in a giant bouquet atop her head .
these carefully place roses , all very short stemmed , were touching each other creating an illusion of a living garden as a headdress .
chase throw a rose at the door that leads to the kitchen when a noise was heard from it .
scent of roses filled the breeze accompanied by the sudden appearance of a weary figure by the window .
a scent of rose filled the room , she sighed in relief knowing that familiar smell .
a beautiful red rose was laid on her side .
sofia narrowed her eyes and leaped out of the bed , placing the rose on her braided hair .
he avoided the pins and draw a rose from his cloak .
a beautiful red rose appeared on his hand .
there were silver bowls filled with lilacs , early roses , and lily of the valley .
the conflict has been called part of the war of roses ; henry fought under the red rose of lancaster , hotspur under the white rose of york .
the conflict has been called part of the war of roses ; henry fought under the red rose of lancaster , hotspur under the white rose of york .
the hunt for rose ' .
she played with john , her teddy in tow sitting on the lawn of the stanton home garden among the roses .
for the first time john realised he loved jodi from the time he became entranced with her piercing green eyes at a picnic on the lawn between the roses many years before .
jodi sported an air of relief , she felt bella drop her guard on purpose , the offer of a white rose .
she snuggled down in the leather chair opposite her father and their was her old desk , carved roses on the legs , her father had never told her of such allegiance but she could see the despair of loss in his face but felt a sense of pride in his presence .
only jodi would know this insignia , the coat of arms of the stanton family , handed down from as far back as the war of the roses when knights wore their coat of arms on their shields .
at school , the same day , love was all around : love cards in the lockers , bouquets of roses and i love you teddy bears .
i i sent you the basket , he said quietly and gave her a rose .
thanks for saving me from that falling spotlight , tori said and gave him a rose from the bouquet her parents gave her .
shingled rooftops covered tuffeau stone walls , while brightly colored roses and peonies adorned the lawn and the cobbled areas beneath the curtained windows .
she laughed , and changed to subject to the tricky question of red roses versus lilies .
the cream charity shop wedding dress fitted perfectly and contrasted beautifully with the red roses and stargazer lilies in her bouquet .
leo was standing there , all smiles with a bouquet of roses .
there were uncountable different types of roses and daffodils and many other types of flowers in that garden and in the other side was a lake with a wood bribe parting it from the middle , which full of lovely fishes that beautified the whole garden .
the surrounding of the cottage was also a plot of roses of various colors .
red roses grown wildly in near the big door by the gate .
he walked through into a garden of roses heady with scent .
i know seville is famous for her roses but yours seem special .
ana looks after the roses .
she carried a bouquet of white roses with her gaze fixed on the gilded statue of the virgin celebrating victory over the moors at mlaga .
he steered the conversation towards sevillean roses , a topic on which ana and seora hernndez were in complete agreement .
sevillean roses had become an important diplomatic tool , he realised .
it was only half - completed and lacked the portolan lines , compass roses and decorative touches that would adorn the finished product .
red roses grew on balconies overlooking the street and the patio was a cool grotto of ferns , palms and geraniums watered by the spray from a fountain .
connor bought her a rose carved out of wood painted in a deep red paint .
i nodded while he twirled round for roses benefit , who was enamoured by his new clothes .
i probably still looked worried because rose and brian said , if james thinks it is so , then it is so .
one could nt mistake her family connection on aunt roses side .
a baby squirrel tried climbing the frozen trunk of roses fine olive tree .
when dressing i was delighted to find roses letter still intact .
this very minute i finished reading aunt roses letter again , as i like to every wedding anniversary , for it never fails to grant me great comfort .
of course roses words were perfectly true .
there was no bus service out there , so i set out at a brisk pace , buying two attractive bunches of budding roses along the way , one white , one red .
sisters click here for more stories from kristie lynn higgins or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/page2.html ayann # 1 a fantasy action adventure series beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose series behemoth dragon rite # 1 catching black fire ... dragon rite # 2 esspell , dragon magic the florida house mission one a.k.a unexplained unexpected : vampires grimm # 1 janes entrance grimm # 2 the beast , the rose , and the sword shunned # 1 the metal veil and the weeping sword named tear shunned # 2 band of dragons rex of the dead- a dog 's view of the zombie apocalypse road rage zombieland zombies ' undead beginning www.kristielynnhiggins.com pretty killers : parlour smashwords edition copyright 2013 by jordan mckinney all rights reserved including the right of reproduction in whole or in part in any form all intentional or otherwise coincidental references or allusions to any persons , organizations , corporations , or any copyrighted or trademarked works in media , etc .
this is axe ; he s been helping me and minnie search for rose .
so , then i found out that roses hair is being used to make drugs , and that dio might be here in mexico , so we came down here and find that everyones gone , and then those zombies showed up , and i m just so freakin confused and tired and angry .
elizabeth caught a glimpse of rose coloured light before it plopped into the water out of sight .
it was only meant to be until rose , his first wife , was off the scene , but it quickly became clear that it might have long term prospects .
a rose by any other name , .. charlie quoted , then that was the end of that particular point on the list as well .
apple tree cottage was as cute and pretty as its name , small with whitewashed walls and a brick path winding its way through a garden stuffed with roses , forget - me - knots , violas , petunias , and every kind of colourful flower that makes up a classic english cottage garden .
the end- click here for ayann # 1 part b the vampire 's curse and the phoenix 's feathers or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/ayann-1-partb.html click here for more stories from kristie lynn higgins or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/page2.html shades of gray- science fiction mystery thriller series aabilynn 's dragon rite series ayann # 1- a fantasy action adventure series beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose series behemoth the florida house mission one a.k.a unexplained unexpected : vampires grimm # 1 janes entrance grimm # 2 the beast , the rose , and the sword shunned # 1 the metal veil and the weeping sword named tear shunned # 2 band of dragons rex of the dead- a dog 's view of the zombie apocalypse road rage www.kristielynnhiggins.com * * autographed ebook covers now available click here the birds colony by andrew m. bukraba this is a story of a spiritual search - through the enlightening contrast between truth and deceit .
i like roses , said frank .
you have something to learn about roses , maggie said the pastor called , should we try to lift out these soldier bones ?
it is said , the rose was the only magical thing brought to the fletching kingdom .
glittering sparkles surrounded the rose like fluttering pixies .
pluck looked around as she held her breath , then she sighed , and studied the rose as she asked , may i touch the rose ?
pluck looked around as she held her breath , then she sighed , and studied the rose as she asked , may i touch the rose ?
the roses petals changed from white to blue .
pluck smiled and giggled , and the roses petals turned yellow .
no peasant would receive the power of his rose .
the roses petals changed to pink .
the roses hue became purple as fear filled pluck .
she floated above them as she questioned them , do ye not know i am fairah , protector of the rose ?
if ye had only asked , the rose would have been yes .
her long white hair stood on end as power flowed through her ghostly form as she yelled , ye do not deserve the rose !
then the boy knew not to take the rose or that in asking he could have had it .
on it the rose magically suspended within a protective glass dome as a ghostly glow illuminated the pedestal .
the illumination depended on the color the roses petals assumed .
it was the rose .
pluck drawn by the rose walked to the glass dome .
the container swayed with the motion of the ship , but the movement of the case did nt affect the roses levitation .
the rose stayed suspended in its housing as sparkles spiraled around the rose .
the rose stayed suspended in its housing as sparkles spiraled around the rose .
the roses yellow petals transformed to blue , casting an azure glow , and the prince noticed the flower 's hue change .
edward stared at the rose as he continued , i had it brought here from the ships hold .
he sighed again and added , i have grown so accustomed to its presence , i can not sleep unless the rose is in the room .
the power tugging her toward the rose grew stronger , enchanting her .
her tattooed finger throbbed as the rose pulsed with magical energy .
the four black rings on her bare finger glowed silver as the roses blue petals transformed to platinum , increasing its throbbing tempo .
a surge of energy shot from the rose like a ball of lightning .
the more she retreated the less the rose pulsed and soon the electrical ball faded , returning the cabin to a dark room cast in an azure glow .
he neared the rose and turned to pluck as his brow wrinkled with bewilderment as he questioned , what did you do ?
the glass that had scattered about the room , glowed and lifted and gathered around the rose .
pluck inhaled and exhaled slowly and then she said , ill do this if you will honor what you promised me in the mystic roses temple .
perhaps pluck is the one the rose bonded with and if so , we are one step closer to achieving our goals .
the end - click here for beauty of the beast # 1 part b- a vow of love and the challenge or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/botb1partb.html * * autographed ebook covers now available click here click here for more stories from kristie lynn higgins or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/page2.html shades of gray- science fiction mystery thriller series aabilynn 's dragon rite series ayann # 1- a fantasy action adventure series beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose series behemoth the florida house mission one a.k.a unexplained unexpected : vampires grimm # 1 janes entrance grimm # 2 the beast , the rose , and the sword shunned # 1 the metal veil and the weeping sword named tear shunned # 2 band of dragons rex of the dead- a dog 's view of the zombie apocalypse road rage www.kristielynnhiggins.com * * autographed ebook covers now available click here border war - warning order by black jack hawkins copyright black jack hawkins 2014 smashwrds edition smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook .
she smiled as she opened the door wider and said , i see the roses changed from orange to red i suspect this is a good sign .
as soon as she placed the roses in a vase she grabbed her jacket and out the door they went .
she stooped to smell a rose , still peering at tahir from of the corner of her eye .
tahir pondered the question as he watched her pluck the rose and walk toward him .
we stepped out of the station , and delhi hit us hard - the steaming sun , the thin , chaotic streets , the clamor of sellers and buyers bargaining and arguing , the scents and smells mixing in the air , forming a heavy perfume dominated by strong flowery notes from the enormous garlands of fresh rose being weaved right in front of our eyes ; the ittar ( perfume ) shops with their own magnificent aromas , hording the scents of an entire religion ; the distant - but - still - nearby sound of prayers coming from the dargah ( mosque ) nizamuddin ; the uplifting , insistent tunes of mournful , soulful qawwali ; the spiraling minarets and clock towers ; the very mughlai air - all of it hit us hard , like we had just woken up to a dream suspended in an era bygone .
two vases full of roses were placed on the table .
he is watering the roses .
she was like the rose for the little prince something he could n't understand at first , but what he was deeply loving , more or less consciously .
it was like a tunnel through wild roses , shrubs and young and very old trees .
dead roses hung limply off the side of vases before each place setting .
the rose is blooming !
a rose stood up in the vase , bright red against the drab room .
` ` rose must have dumped the computer , it was found and returned , faversham gets a visit from porter , makes sense . ''
` ` okay , let 's not loose focus here , we are looking for rose blake , using rose fleming may bring some unexpected advantages , two roses may confuse .
` ` okay , let 's not loose focus here , we are looking for rose blake , using rose fleming may bring some unexpected advantages , two roses may confuse .
` ` he steers well clear of rose since she became involved with bella , he 'd never tell rose where he is and rose is no longer keen on her father . ''
` ` did you know rhiannon faversham disappeared at the same times as rose and is currently still missing ? ''
i have to sideline you from any further involvement in the hunt for rose . ''
` ` i 'd do that to anybody i loved , the hunt for rose is a matter of international importance linked to government bodies involved in international military affairs . ''
we must make sure rose is only free of tyranny , not war .
` ` he asked questions about rose blake . ''
he laid back and opened his eyes to see bella naked standing to one side of rose , his eyes looked like dinner plates .
bella stood over him rubbing her breast in his face , her hair gracing his body tickling roses back , she gave a muffled squeal .
while he was dealing with the small print they got the roses mixed up and brought me this rose , i was surprised , made them suspicious .
they went to fetch rose and winston blake and they 'd gone .
stanton looked at rose , she shook her head , he took it she had said nothing and he made things clear .
` ` rose will be on her way back to london within an hour . ''
he turned on the auto pilot and moved to the centre seat clear of the controls , he undid his trousers and pulled them down with his jocks , his erection sprang out , he looked round at rose , she was naked .
` ` you were here with rose fleming for an hour with a dressing gown on . ''
more reasons than saving face to do away with us all , the americans know rose blake is loose .
no matter how he tried he could not find winston blake and his daughter , no matter what angle he thought about things it was still a hunt for rose .
although the hunt for rose was over , it had created more questions that it had answered .
the rose blushed eyes flashed open and peered sideways at moira .
ah , there he is , tramping through prose field ( a field of purple roses , of course ) .
so when nodd noticed the roses blooming in that field , all the hairs on his neck stood up .
then again , the prospector decided , there s a lot to be said for keeping your mouth shut , and suggested the stranger try mama roses cantina .
ballad of a thin man trail boss gordon stomped into mama roses cantina .
you ai nt going nowhere they took him back to mama roses .
i glance at a picture on her desk next to a boutique of red roses .
as she walks around , all signs of the storm disappear ; roses and orchids bloom , birds chirp with glee , and deer run around once again .
let susie and simon take care of things for a bit and meet me at the rose .
the rose was a tudor - styled pub and sandwich shop in the english village .
matt walked briskly to the rose ; now that he allowed himself to think about food , his stomach began protesting the lack .
greg got an instant family , but it was nt all roses and moonlight strolls .
greg clipped wilted roses with a pair of sharp shears , and julie tensed at the thought that he might turn the simple tool into a weapon if he felt threatened .
julie took a deep breath of fresh air and closed her eyes around a bouquet of roses .
a small fence covered in deep red climbing roses surrounded a small lawn , a well - kept vegetable garden and the cabin .
the garden had gone now with the roses transferred down to the bottom cottage and the gate left open so sheep could graze the small yard .
but it shows more character than i ve ever seen in another person , harry said , to go through all that , suffer through your personal ordeal as well in life , survive , and come out smelling like a rose .
when finally it was over , the once great house in flames , she walked across a long garden where shortly before there had been row upon row of red roses , but now there was only carnage , petals scattered amongst the wreckage .
tom was seated in an old , comfortable armchair , an exquisitely embroidered pattern of red roses , their sharp thorns incredibly realistic , decorating the soft material .
even ethan knew a blue rose was a myth , but he could see it .
quickly , touch the rose before it ca nt use your corpse to rebuild .
ethan picked up the rose and felt power come from it .
the rose took a fully detailed analysis of his whole spirit , saving his heart for last .
getting what it needed , the rose simply disappeared .
only the eldest and heads know of fates blue roses that restore mortal form to the spirit and he hordes them more than my own crafts secrets .
a slightly sweet scent permeated the air like roses .
inevitably , though , the rose falls sideways and becomes natashas gift .
the rose is still not dead .
charlie asked as he plucked a rose from a table and put it between his teeth .
charlie had a job to do for his mother which was to set roses on his fathers grave ... charlie did nt remember much about his father .
will just stared as charlie set the roses down next to his fathers grave marked joseph henry james .
he had heard of her but never seen her before , roselyn victoria cavendish , vivacious , sexy , demanding , a feeling of want crept across his skin as his fingers followed the lines of rose 's image .
stanton sat down looking inquisitively at his sons face studying the screen image of rose , his look changed to one of latent despair .
` ` every man falls for rose . ''
` ` to roses room all of you . ''
they passed rose 's new maid , now renamed ' ham sandwich connoisseur ' by rose .
` ` not sure , could you clear the top floor , only hurst to be permitted through to roses room , '' replied stanton .
` ` rose will correct you should you call me sir again , so will i . ''
` ` mum come quickly , its rose she 's passed out . ''
bella looked back at rose .
i do n't know what 's wrong with rose , and i can see your under her spell , we need a doctor that knows her history and can diagnose the problem or we may loose her , your move , checkmate . ''
` ` roses mother brenda , she 'll be a sitting duck . ''
` ` what is lovington doing with roses mother ? ''
` ` remove roses mother and i will act on the rest . ''
` ` rose will need her mother shortly . ''
` ` nothing i did n't want done , now if you 'll excuse me i have some fertiliser for the garden , shit like this is good on roses . ''
bella looked at rose .
` ` you have to remember rose audio and visual monitors are everywhere other than the bedrooms , you have to think about what your saying . ''
` ` i ' m looking for rose so i ' m instructed . ''
he rummaged around in his bag and pulled out an instrument , he put it together and knelt in front of roses exposed privates .
he discarded his pen and notepad and looked back at rose , he scratched his head and thought for a while as rose put her gown back on and sat down .
greywolf closed the door locking it and then lent with his back to it , he looked at rose with eyes of fire and a yearning love lust .
bella tapped her foot on the floor with her arms folded , locked in a daggers gaze with rose .
` ` come in rose . ''
his sister disappeared with rose blake in an australian town south of sydney called bowral , rose blake is winston blake 's daughter , original finder of the horse flaxmead . ''
chapter twelve greywolf returned to the lair , he was keen to see rose but he was stopped by hurst in the operations room .
` ` going for rose is probably just a small contingent . ''
they ai nt no roses .
eagle - on - high rose , exuding strength .
so did the congratulations on your new life together note , this one dispatched with a delicate white vase of teacup roses .
fond memories came rushing back as the sweet fragrances of roses , cinnamon , and sandalwood filled his nostrils .
the dogtrot grounds are both elegant with beautiful arrays of flowers from azaleas to roses and eaten with tons of hardy fresh - grown fruits , vegetables , and tree nuts in the red clay soil .
although a battle has been won , the war is still upon them , and black rose has other tricks up her kimono sleeve .
we were discussing the different types of roses , they crawl on the ground then stand behind a tree .
on his way out , chase exchanged shrugs with rose , annies secretary , as annies strident tones carried , cussing out some poor unfortunate on the other end of the line .
the piece of gold - colored metal that chase had dropped off to rose earlier lay on her desk .
chase gazed at rose thoughtfully .
i wish for a dozen roses from my man .
pox holds a single rose and a handful of red balloons .
i pick up the single rose , grinning .
he loves me the rose disappears .
the morphed image is a rose .
a long time ago , a male would give his woman a dozen roses for love , before they marred .
prewitt stands , holding a single rose and a handful of balloons , like the facee of pox .
she grabs the rose , plucking it .
ya like roses .
i got vines of pretty roses , just like you , darling .
mademoiselle glorietta , madam dob hands the pretty arm bouquet of pink roses .
i accept the pretty pink roses , complimenting my green gown , elegantly strolling towards prewitt .
you smell like roses ,   said glinda , which to eliza sounded like the come up and see me sometime routine at sunningdale that glinda seemed to coin .
elegantly trimmed hedges in the shapes of animals stretched all around the walls and the scent of roses and jasmine wafted through the air .
well , i may smell like roses , but my troops need a hot bath .
in an instant , the blood returned with a rush , causing each such a blush as would make a rose seem pallid .
a wooden gate extended up and around the bed of the truckholding a large pile of red roses and amaranth flowers .
i used the rear tire , and jumped onto the pile of flowersfortunate for us , the thorns from the roses were removed .
i took her trembling body to mine , and held her closewatching our cushioned bed of amaranth flowers and red roses float up from the truck .
part one : the militia tryouts chapter one : on the threshold marry me , my dear , and i will give you a bed of roses to sleep on .
she said as she handed anna her white roses , anna then felt herself grow nauseated .
i try and tell 'em to stop and smell the roses , but what can ya do , right ?
three young women dressed up and holding parasols in their gloved hands , while posing in front of a race horse wearing a wreath of roses around it 's winning neck .
a mixture of ivy , daisies , and miniature pink roses magically and continually grew along the edges , complimenting the design .
the sun highlighted bright colors painted on the petals of every flower imaginable -- roses , daisies , blue bells , sunflowers , sweet peas , and so many that echo could nt even name .
only , do nt eat my roses .
i vaguely remembered jack saying something about a rose being frozen , but i did nt realize he meant anything at all like this .
rhane thought of tainted roses , handsome flowers that grew in corpses left to rot on blood - soaked battlefields .
white roses were her favorite .
the roses on it show you to be a man of the rosenbergs .
jakub picked up the armor and admired the roses on it .
in the inner garden thal cut a rose and handed it to the boy .
the boy stared at the rose .
the boy trotted off with the rose held out like it was a fragile vase .
smiling with surprise , carmelita accepted the rose from the boy .
she did not allow anyone in the household to pick the precious roses , but she excused thals presumption because he had done it for her .
new armor emblazoned with roses encased his torso .
very cavalier , she said , patting a hand against her hair , oh , you know , a little too much wine and roses .
walking past the first row , he admired the flowers peeking from window boxes , small wild flowers so unlike the roses , irises , and lilies he was used to seeing .
fern had fretted over lily ever since , and she had recently been joined by rose .
it was tall , engraved with pictures of roses .
at the top there was a rose so black , it seemed to suck in all the light around it .
the roses will wither on the branch , the cups will run dry and the stars will fall from the sky in the age of the crow , his voice booms through the forest and all grows silent .
the rose will bloom once more , when the sun is at its peak .
i sit here , in my dreamscape , now crafted quite elegantly and in beautiful detail to represent the grand rose castle in the heart of briarglen .
and soon , you will marry a rose .
have the roses a ?
the roses have withered on the branch , the high fairys voice echoes through the chamber .
a way to wake the army of the house of rose ?
i see the image of a sword melt into the image of a rose .
once upon a time , she says , a princess flew over mistfirth , heading for rose castle i freeze .
i need the house of rose .
he showed her the garden which had beds of wild roses in bloom .
wild roses had always been her favorite and she remembered a time he picked them for her when they had been young .
prince dramon had followed her and watched her admire the roses but she could not pluck one .
the roses looked watered and healthy ; how she longed to take one and put it in her hair .
he picked a rose for her and put it in her hair .
though scented and rubbed with aromatic oils like any wealthy woman , there was a deeper odor that came through the attar of roses and cassia flower , a stink like cold wet ashes .
the horses smelt liked roses in comparison .
he drank cool water from a marble fountain by the side of the road and rested in a rose covered arbour while others gazed in rapture at the sight , loudly exclaiming the beauty and peacefulness of their surroundings .
then she smiled and her small teeth gleamed white and perfect from rose coloured lips .
he wore a plain brown robe and turban with incongruously , a rose tucked into one of its folds .
he walked through arches festooned with the dry , brittle canes of roses , the flowers long since gone , the hips shrivelled to acorns on the vines .
he returned to the pink house and walked to the entrance , admiring the beauty of the roses , savouring their soft sweet smell .
a large vase of roses loomed on the edge of my desk .
that was the message drew had left on the dozen roses he 'd had delivered to my apartment on sunday night , after i broke up with him .
he wanted me to say something about the roses .
there were at least twenty different kinds of roses arranged in a pattern that complimented each others colors .
chapter 23 : a war of roses the siege ( castle nirvana ) she was where she wished to be , with those she cherished and adored .
he arrived with a rose .
they were , of course , roses .
hundreds of roses in every color imaginable .
and so the war of roses went on with both royals subsidizing local nurseries to the point where they were able to charge exorbitant prices for flowers grown in manure which cost almost nothing to produce .
so passed the queen of the black coast , and leaning on his red - stained sword , conan stood silently until the red glow had faded far out in the blue hazes and dawn splashed its rose and gold over the ocean .
chapter 1 a rose in bloom rose padded softly down the alley , keeping to the shadows until she entered the busy streets of the entertainment district .
she was frequently scolded by her madam for this particular habit , though marielle had already guessed that the lectures would not arrest roses loose lips .
ill take that , remarked a raven haired girl named felicity , as she plucked the half - eaten apple from roses grasp .
she smiled at rose and stretched , exuding an audacious confidence and basking in her own state of undress .
marielle gave rose a disapproving stare and shook her head in annoyance as rose stared up at her again .
my rose is a delicate flower and is not to be plucked by any but me , as per our agreement .
besides , you may need it to stem a lashing , she added with a chuckle , both of them knowing that rose would be none too pleased at his tardiness .
marielle watched him as he paused at roses door before disappearing herself .
a rose for my rose , he smiled , bowing low and ignoring her remark .
she knew immediately that this must have something to do with rose or at least that the young woman would know something about it .
the sun shone through a window in the hall in front of roses door and it reflected back into marielles eyes , causing her to squint .
she brandished them threateningly at rose , not even noticing that ganthorpes attacker was down , nor that ganthorpe himself merely sat in his chair of his own free will , staring at the two women about to engage in a death duel .
that thought , though , angered the woman even more as she now believed that ganthorpe shared secrets with rose that he had never revealed to her .
with that overwhelming jealousy guiding her actions , saphirra lunged for rose , a wicked dagger in each hand waving to and fro .
you should be , warned saphirra in an even and threatening tone as she advanced yet again on rose , daggers held out before her .
you certainly are a thorn in my side , young lady , she finally remarked as rose presented herself , emerging from a shadow in front of the pair .
saphirra swung her now free left arm , which ganthorpe had released upon seeing her drop the first dagger , and attempted a wild punch at rose , trying to make her pay for her interference here .
i honestly do nt know , ganthorpe lied , smiling at rose , who looked down at her belt beneath her jacket , where the twin magical daggers were hidden from saphirras sight .
a thorny rose for my rose thorne , he said in a straight - laced manner , handing the flower to the young woman .
of course , she replied graciously , accepting the rose and staring at it closely .
a rose in bloom recounts the thrilling events of a young rose thorne , not yet a woman , who is trying to find her way in the city of oakhaven .
aided by the mischievous rose , a rogue among rogues , the stoic and bloodthirsty saeunn , and a promising but nave elf named elec , garius hopes his training as one among the faceless knights has prepared him to keep his small company in check , let alone survive the trials to come .
colonel smith appeared to be particularly moved , and i heard him humming under his breath , greatly to my astonishment , for this rough soldier was not much given to poetry or music : who has not heard of the vale of cashmere , with its roses the brightest that earth ever gave ; its temples , its grottoes , its fountains as clear , as the love - lighted eyes that hang over the wave .
if she could foil his plan before it came to fruition , she might come out of this still smelling of roses .
a beautiful petal of rose .
meg slowly raised herself to find the air filled with the fresh fragrance of roses .
in front of her were thick bushes of roses about the height of her shoulder .
most of the roses around them were pure white ; a few deep red .
the roses did not show any sign of movement even though the wind was very strongexcept the deep red ones which suddenly started to shiver wildly .
the two did not notice this strange state of the red roses as they had to close their eyes to protect themselves .
what a girl can be afraid when she s surrounded by romantic roses !
why do you think most of the roses here are white ?
over there , surrounded by pure red roses .
they noticed that the closer they approached the fountain , the shorter the roses became .
and he saw the roses blooming in the block left side of him changing color from white to pink .
ken looked right and he saw this time the color of roses changing from white to yellow .
he was wearing a red gown with beautiful embroidery of roses .
his crown was in silver , with small roses made out of gold adding gorgeous taste here and there .
the sword , which was placed in a sheath of brown leather , had a hilt decorated with rubies curved like roses .
in fact , embroiders or carvings of roses decorated almost all of the kings belongings .
so , she bumped into the hard door , almost breaking one of the crystal roses attached to it as decoration .
they vaguely noticed that the gardens again only had roses , but this time in various colors .
the corridors were beautifully decorated by wooden carvings of roses .
its because roses are the most important flowers in rosetta , mothy said , and this is your room , master .
there also was a closet , again with carvings of roses .
i am good at making a bath with essential oil of roses !
soon , the room was filled with refreshing fragrance of fresh roses .
meg was wearing a long dress of pink silk , with stitches of roses , and ken thought she was very beautiful .
it is because we are from the ground and go back to the ground , said the prince , we are roses .
we are roses , said prligion again , we , the rosettalians , roam the land in the human - form while we have consciousness .
those who die in peace will become white roses , and those who have unfortunate deaths will become red roses .
those who die in peace will become white roses , and those who have unfortunate deaths will become red roses .
i m sure you noticed there were white roses and red roses .
i m sure you noticed there were white roses and red roses .
did you notice that there were roses that changed color into pink or yellow ?
yellow roses are boys , and pink roses are girls .
yellow roses are boys , and pink roses are girls .
rosettalians , as you know , are from roses .
but roses !
can you believe they actually are roses ?
the battlefield was filled with red roses and tulips .
the roses were pushing tulips back , and the triumph of roses was at hand .
the roses were pushing tulips back , and the triumph of roses was at hand .
then , she spotted a man in gold armor running into the middle of roses .
an illusion of himself turning into a rose , sometimes into a white one , sometimes into a red one .
she could identify the room because its door was gorgeously decorated by the carvings of gold roses .
he was turning into a rose .
captain relosa sighed , and carefully picked up the rose , placing it in a vase .
they did nt tell me anything about blue roses , remembering meg that she had only heard about red , white , yellow , and pink roses .
they did nt tell me anything about blue roses , remembering meg that she had only heard about red , white , yellow , and pink roses .
a blue rose means that the person has fainted .
both armies crashed at the border , and the area was soon filled with red roses and red tulips .
there also were red roses scattered around the area of explosion .
instead , there was a beautiful rose petal on the seat .
jem had been sulking since the pair had left the rose tavern .
the steaming water had been flavoured with rose , its odour as warm and fresh as a summers day .
razor streaks , inhuman in their manifestation , human in their intent , disrupting the roses with ineffable fury .
the rose coming to life , bleeding red .
it was like watching the sky blossom and melt with color , like feeling the breath of the morning awaken the senses , like seeing a rose rising from the remains of a dead world .
warriors of the rose !
hadge did as he was told , seeing ruby gently land on his nose , like the petal of a rose .
the top of his casket had white roses that his mother had ordered the day before .
yes , i like roses and lilies , and oh yeah , i like gardenias .
the cake was made to look like a lovely garden with red and pink roses on each tier .
the end- click here for ayann # 1 part b the vampire 's curse and the phoenix 's feathers or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/ayann-1-partb.html click here for more stories from kristie lynn higgins or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/page2.html shades of gray- science fiction mystery thriller series aabilynn 's dragon rite series ayann # 1- a fantasy action adventure series beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose series behemoth the florida house mission one a.k.a unexplained unexpected : vampires grimm # 1 janes entrance grimm # 2 the beast , the rose , and the sword shunned # 1 the metal veil and the weeping sword named tear shunned # 2 band of dragons rex of the dead- a dog 's view of the zombie apocalypse road rage www.kristielynnhiggins.com * * autographed ebook covers now available click here crescent gorge part i by adrienne gordon copyright 2014 by adrienne gordon smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
the cool breeze tickled my face , making me sigh in contentment , picking up the soft smell of roses dotting the front lawn of the apartment complex .
the sold - out galleries will all be filled with seoritas throwing roses , and among them , isabelle and ferdinand upon their royal grandstand , cheering for el gran famoso minotoreador !
around her neck she wore a simple wreath of daisies , and a rose was in her teeth .
and so , having stood at his front doorway looking out over the grayish cottages of novosibirsk , he decided to paint his doorframe in a rich royal themesomething with fleurs de lis , perfectly round roses , diamonds , stars , suns , fruit trees , walnuts , and stripes ; making generous use of unconditional reds , pure purples , silver , gold , royal blue , and tangerine .
he was pleased with his first strokes ( now adding a little gold to highlight a rose ) but annoyed by a deceptive host of flying insects which kept him swinging the paintbrush and scratching his cheek .
the large clusters of roses on both top corners of the frame contrasted nicely with the more geometric fleurs de lis running across the top and down the sides .
a thin cloud passed over todd , casting a delicate shadow over the bright colors , and when the shadow was gone his eye was drawn to a face that had appeared among the roses .
but the face was the color of his roses .
another imperceptible insect buzzed around his nose , around to the back of his head , then lingered at the corner of his vision before disappearing completely , leaving todd to refocus on his painting again : the fine , clear roses and fleurs de lis , the silver diamonds and blue stripes on a gold background .
after having situated himself there , however , wynnet found the perspective agreeable , for now he saw the brightly - painted wood trim of the ceiling : a repetition of roses interspersed with lattices of blue and yellow bars , all outlined finely in silver .
indeed , he could actually smell the roses , as his eyes moved around the ceiling , from rose to rose to rose to this is 100 % lunatic , he said aloud .
the end - click here for beauty of the beast # 1 part b- a vow of love and the challenge or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/botb1partb.html * * autographed ebook covers now available click here click here for more stories from kristie lynn higgins or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/page2.html shades of gray- science fiction mystery thriller series aabilynn 's dragon rite series ayann # 1- a fantasy action adventure series beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose series behemoth the florida house mission one a.k.a unexplained unexpected : vampires grimm # 1 janes entrance grimm # 2 the beast , the rose , and the sword shunned # 1 the metal veil and the weeping sword named tear shunned # 2 band of dragons rex of the dead- a dog 's view of the zombie apocalypse road rage www.kristielynnhiggins.com * * autographed ebook covers now available click here maximus and the golden web the lion of persia book one written and illustrated by denis rosair - antoine bouchard edited by renata simkus smashwords edition copyright 2014 by denis rosair - antoine bouchard license notes thank you for downloading this ebook .
the company spilled out into a courtyard full of blood red roses .
at least the roses in her garden added a pleasant , masking sweetness .
she glided down , trailed by her vala , the perpetually nervous rose .
she glanced up at rose .
katin inhaled the scents of roses and daffodils and bluethistle ; they had a calming effect on her , which she desperately needed .
we passed one with a golden rose on it .
the mirror was pewter handled with vines and roses crafted on the handle .
though it was fall , the yard was clean of debris , the grass , though browning was neatly cut , the roses bordering the property pruned for winter .
perhaps achish has lived too long among the roses of gath , but i .
an abundance of vivid red roses lined the garden on two sides and , along with these , were a profusion of lush vines that grew up vigorously to cover not only the stone walls of the garden but also a very large part of the heavy , cedar trellis that formed an arbor over the entire enclosure .
a red rose that seemed no worse for wear despite being kept in the mans clothes .
before his eyes the rose began to shrivel and die .
even the flowers , the roses , lilies and tulips , were of incredibly fine , white porcelain .
they furled and layered into themselves like roses , but they were not red or pink or yellow , but a midnight blue , the color of the evening sky after the sun has just gone down .
it held neither red , nor pink , nor even yellow roses , but startlingly deep blue ones .
father jared had a feeling that these were not the same roses originally planted in the garden of the church , but he did nt ask .
lady erin sang as she strolled along the neat sandstone paths , admired the emerald green bushes , smelled the cultivated flowers , and finally trailed her fingers through the water in the rose - colored fountain .
he walked out into the palace gardens , past the flowerbeds , and even past the rose - colored fountain .
the scent of the roses was not as overpowering this time , nor did the sharp thorns try to catch on his clothing .
the magic of its sweet words still lingered by the rose - colored fountain , a soft shimmer of longing that made one of the nearby wooden benches a common trysting place for lovers now .
she reached down into her lap , selected a yellow rose , and then tossed it in the boys direction .
not with all of those wildflowers springing up in odd places , and with those songbirds frolicking in the rose - colored fountain , where no birds had ever bathed before .
they dabble their fingers in its rose - colored fountain , and flit amongst the trees of the wood , pale and wild .
the stench of rotten flesh quickly overtook the fragrance of roses .
carefully , he emptied a large vase containing the reddest roses anyone had ever seen , placed the symbols of love upon her chest , and slowly descended the stairs .
it looked like the bud of a rose , made of what appeared to be hammered bronze .
the appointment was for eleven and in that time , ivan offered to do so much for her , including but not limited to a foot rub , a back rub and roses and chocolate once a week for a whole year .
i like roses better .
for some , the draw was in the sharks the rose chased across the southern ocean .
at the washstand , i rinsed out my mouth and washed my face with cold water from a lovely , porcelain pitcher embossed with yellow roses .
when he bent to ease her chair to the table , he caught the subtle fragrance of roses .
roses are red , violets are blue , i ca nt write poetry , but happy birthday to you .
the ad was red rose bordered and in the middle were the lines : angel , roses are red , violets are blue , this is nt a t - bird , but happy birthday to you .
like a beautiful rose shimmering with dew in the early morning light .
the entire hillside was swathed in dancing lilies , roses , tulips , and daisies in every shade of pink imaginable , giving the illusion of a rolling coral sea .
flowers do nt make me sneeze , answered the blushing fairy , matching the shade of a rose she was sitting upon .
he can become any creature he wants , and even turn a rose thorn into a dagger .
so if its not that traitor swooning over you with a rose in his mouth , then what is it ?
the interior of the city smelled like cinnamon and roses and people and baking bread and nectar and olive trees and all manner of unknown things .
marcia was very particular about her wine and flowers , and she had actually kicked henrietta out of her house once for picking up some cheap roses from the supermarket and a carton of beer .
she would mumble as she was cleaning up her house , sing to herself or comment on the roses as she was walking up the front path to collect her mail .
aeschylus book one blood red roses chapter one a thessalian field the great boar turned at last just beyond the woods , in a wide vale sprinkled with the crimson droplets of anemones .
acelle had always loved the roses .
my rose , you are with danven .
my rose , danven has a gift for you .
chaeli , my rose , you are with your protector .
my rose !
my rose , called danven , what is this ?
some were too strong , causing her to cough and hastily replace the stoppers , but one reminded her of cherry blossom and the honeysuckle roses her mother grew ; this she worked through her hair , savouring the smell .
the little mackerel clouds were touched with rose , which spread until they were pink and red , strengthening to flaming orange .
he was the only one of seventeen children with hair red enough to almost rival the roses that bloomed throughout the estate during summer .
he did so on a bench beside one of the windows , where he could look over his shoulder at roses .
the solarium was high enough up , if he threw himself out of a window just right , he could die among the roses .
he saw nothing and lost all ability to think coherently , though images were suddenly playing in his mind ... memories of red , of blood and of roses .
why ... could nt ... from the moment i came across you seated on that bench , before a backdrop of sunset and roses , i knew that i had to have you , renmyr whispered .
the spike looked like a rose thorn , only larger and silver .
` ` one silver bell , one strand of silk made by a firozsha spider , two eyes of newt , and the leaves of a blue fern - rose . ''
` ` i have the fern - rose leaves .
i picked up one of the soap look - a - likes and smelled it , expecting a rose or lavender aroma , but there was no scent , not even a soapy smell .
they each held a bouquet of assorted white and yellow roses .
i walked over to the red roses and held one in my hand without breaking it off .
i slipped past a bunch of roses and walked to the front door .
the second night another beautiful rose bush grew next to the pink roses of the previous evening .
the second night another beautiful rose bush grew next to the pink roses of the previous evening .
the roses were not enough , he said .
she hopes that one day she can add a greenhouse in the back and capture the beauty of all the french roses .
the low moon lit the grounds , and i could hear far - off shrieks of delight as people chased each other through the rose gardens .
it was nt exactly all roses but i am glad this topic did nt raise an issue .
neal sighs and rubs the back of his neck , i do not find her to be all roses either , josh .
thanks for the tip on the yellow roses .
she was surrounded by warmth , and light colored the rose and gold of midsummer daybreak .
and each day he would go to the burrow , which he would fill in and adorn with a bush of blue roses ( favoured by mother and daughter alike , and much better than any grim tombstone ) and talk to them , relating yodren and yonfis great adventures in worlds beyond this one , worlds which might even include a place where the dead lived again , happy and serene , listening and awaiting .
at the bottom she added chocolate , roses , and a set of silk sheets .
with red roses in hand , he passed the time reading a biography on theodore roosevelt by edmund morris .
he rushed forward , hastily concealing a dozen red roses behind his back .
rather than say anything he extended the roses toward her .
hi , he said , holding out a half dozen red roses wrapped in tissue paper .
the roses are beautiful , caleb .
he got up and went into the kitchen and leaned against the door jamb , watching her arrange the roses in a vase .
she placed the vase of roses on the kitchen island counter .
i nodded , and we began walking , bluebonnets on our left and roses of sharon on our right .
after a time , the rose of sharon trees stopped and the bluebonnets stopped .
karini flew to the rose and made herself comfortable .
after searching the room carefully , he finally spotted her resting in a rose that lamek kept in a vase .
he peeked inside , and to his disappointment , he saw karini resting on a rose in a vase on a table where lamek ate his meals .
prologue tulips and roses mingled among the foxgloves that blanketed the garden .
open floor spaces shouldered roses of many , while hand - carved swing benches hung beneath white - feathered willows .
rubbing back and forth about the band around her right middle finger ; she close her eyes , losing herself in visions of forests abound of desirable blue roses , vibrant tulips , and trees that bare leaves of splendid silver .
its band was crafted of the finest sterling silver , and at the center top , a rose .
a rose that spanned the width of almost two of her long , slender fingers .
it was not of a lily or a tulip , but of a rose .
over the coming weeks , tatiana would continue to cast her eyes upon single stemmed blue roses .
no stone may be turned up flawless a mask will have secrets to hide no rose will ripen of no thorn the shores are uneven at tide though be it we center attentions to the beauty and not of thou fright thee listen to hearts inner voice thee believe in that of hearts sight .
corozon remembered tatiana telling her that this was the place in which shed first cast her eyes upon a vine of blue roses .
only the rose then reappearing from the body of crystal bath .
please , the only words that tatiana could find as she took in the sweet scent of the rose .
the spark then travelled her outer figure of fine silver wiring to the rose held of her crowning glory .
each petal then gently shifted , until her sapphire ring no longer look like a rose .
it was you who placed the blue roses about julians home in the hope that it would trigger a memory .
onyx grinned , holding the rose and allowing the twine to dangle , place this around her neck .
rayhold held the rose in his palm examining the detail ; the craftsmanship was of high quality .
the comforter on the full sized bed was cream with pink roses .
the food smells are drifting up all around and in the center of it all , a small podium is made up with white satin and red roses .
he winked at the staring boy , motioned eagerly for the lad to follow , and vanished into the hedge of roses at the base of the tree .
upon a misty morn of rose and gold , kylee met the fairy lass amidst the dew soaked lilies , but the creature seemed apprehensive , a mood in which the girl had never seen the irrepressibly gay creature before , said the fairy with trembling voice , i bear dread tidings , my friend , but worse would it be if no one knew and nothing was done to prevent a great tragedy .
the property agent was a relative of a distant relative of a distant relative of kamal , and so his presence in this trip was required , and as every rose came with its thorns , as success brought along with it hubris , as wealth was accompanied by consternation for its safekeeping , so kamal arrived with his car rosa , leaving our poor professor no option but to bear another ride in the hoary contraption .
you smell like roses .
stars above , do you want me to throw in a croft of land and a bouquet of roses ?
it smelled of decadence and the grave grim yearnings of the human soul regardless of the fresh white roses on the flower table and the painting of botticelli angels hanging above them .
and there , the elegant flower - shop where for months he s pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she catches his gaze on her , for his gaze is focused past the flowers on one of the three florists , honey - blonde and slim , more graceful than all the flowers in the world , and then , finally , one june day ( roses displayed now ) , he summons up courage and pushes the door open , another jangle , the bell , the three aproned girls twittering in french no more comprehensible to him than the twittering of the two love - birds in the great gilded cage and louise ( he is louis and she is louise , hell say to her later and say it could nt be coincidence ) smiles shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsels his bouquet and later tells him she was jealous of the girl the bouquet was for , not knowing then that it was a pretext .
still and all , there had to be comforting things there like , say , wayside roses .
no roses either .
the first time gentille sneaks a visit to room 1265 he s working on a detail of a decorative dish , the seventh of the thirty - odd roses surrounding a peasant girl .
all those roses ?
in the strengthening light of the three flashlights the wall gains in whiteness , an incredible pure white as they d never seen white in this dingy second life , the white of what does nt exist here : snow - drops , plum blossoms , snowy peaks , bridal - gowns , wedding roses , honeymoon clouds .
roses are blooming in the public gardens , so june , when she starts fearfully greeting him on sight .
is nt that blurred circle there the decorative dish with the peasant lass and the border of thirty - odd roses ?
but if so , should nt those roses show up , even blurred , as a red circle ?
next to the crmerie , even though he ca nt make out daffodil - yellow or pansy - blue or rose - pink in the fog , that must be the flower shop .
now in another split - second of narrow - angled clarity he gets further encouraging confirmation : a bouquet of white roses and he mysteriously knows its the very bouquet he d offered his sweethearts marvelous mother one day back then , a back then that is now .
everything is intact like the neighing horse head and the bouquet of white roses .
he himself had gone by , unfaithful to it in his first lifetime , but back to it now , back to that original time , everything ageless like the things in the mid - century street , no time for the white roses in the florists window to lose a single petal .
he moves forward in the sharpening rue du regard , happy at the sight of the peasant lass bordered by almost - red roses .
but its as though invisible strings are attached to his limbs and a giant hand manipulating him into jerky puppet movements forward : antique shop , fish store , boxes of cheese , white bouquet of roses , horse head , button , door clicking open , back to the marelle .
that happens maybe years later , for seasons have gone by , he thinks , marked by the changing bouquets of the flower shop as he hops and hops , shuttles and shuttles , square 2 , april daffodils , hop hop , square 1 , the door , square 3 , may tulips , hop hop the door , the horse head round and round , square 1 , hop hop , june roses , high summer , no rs in the months , no more oysters in the fish store , hop hop , square 2 , all saints day chrysanthemums , hop hop , door , holly - wreaths now , the door , always the same , the door he can never open , hop hop hop hop , no hope , hope , hope .
no may tulips followed by june roses .
once , a child stares wide - eyed at the rose he s painfully carting .
pattern of gray roses .
we can hope for nothing better , unlike you , able to return out there and smell roses and taste rare river fish and weigh beloved bosoms in your cupped hands .
seymour is walking down his sweethearts street , not the copy drawn in painful black and white on a plaster wall in half - life , but the real one in true color : there , the decorative dish with the rose - encircled peasant - lass , there , the yellow lemons on the boxes of oysters and there , the golden horse head .
magister general of the scioni academy of magic , bearer of the rose of courage , holder of the order of the valiant , and member of house scioni .
she bows , to this side and that side , to the center ; she accepts a bouquet of roses , and other flowers are tossed onto the stage .
his mother clutched a bouquet that was a mixture of red roses and purple arrows .
in his dreams of revenge , the sky raiders blood always formed a rose , similar to the one that mavik had painted all those years ago in the watercolors , similar to the one that had formed on his mothers dress .
he pulled back the blanket and in the bed lay his mother , pale - faced and clutching a red rose .
transforming vision , through your eyes , earth , sun , moon and stars are new , your spirit makes me realise the worlds a thorn , the rose is you , and though all men lie , you will be true .
the picture that came to his mind was that of a rose turned to ash .
i ve heard tell that there was once a black rose who inhabited your garden .
there was a butterfly who was said to feast upon its nectar in order to turn black yes , there was a rose who let blackness overtake her , and she was banished from the garden .
she thought that a black rose might actually be quite pretty .
perhaps the black rose was simply a misunderstood outcast much like alice herself .
maybe the black rose could use a friend to help her .
and that was how alice learned where the black rose had been relocated to by a mysterious cloaked flower tender they had summoned .
but then she thought maybe the black rose was extremely lonely , and her heart filled with such sorrow for the roses possible distress .
but then she thought maybe the black rose was extremely lonely , and her heart filled with such sorrow for the roses possible distress .
again , the black rose seemed to speak , but again , she could nt make out the words .
the black rose shook a little .
the ceiling was crushing the throne , the black roses dome safely slipped into a hole in the ceiling , and alice kept shrinking .
i spy blood red roses from the east , delicate irises from our own lands , and the rare beauty of jeweled desert orchids .
the air wafted with the heady scents of burnt incense and expensive rose - oil perfume .
a young girl will ask you what gifts you bring and the first you must give her is the rose to win her confidence .
plucking the rose from the flower box beneath the sill the boy knocked on the door .
the boy thought of the white rose and thought what a pity it would be to give her something so dry and withered , but as he reached out the hand bearing the rose he saw that it was fresh and white with a slender green stem , not at all the rose he had plucked from the beneath the sill .
the boy thought of the white rose and thought what a pity it would be to give her something so dry and withered , but as he reached out the hand bearing the rose he saw that it was fresh and white with a slender green stem , not at all the rose he had plucked from the beneath the sill .
the girl took the rose and smiled and invited the boy to eat .
he watched as , turning her eyes from the light of the heavens under whose cool beams her flesh shone almondine , the subtle blush of an unravelling rose came to kiss the pale of her cheek , her lip , her neck , and what more beneath , he wondered , what more .
vegetation unchecked grew wildly now in the strangest of places thorny red roses popping out from the front seat of a yellow ford mustang convertible , an apple tree growing out in the middle of a back yard hot tub , sunflowers drooping over a port - a - potty in front of a half - constructed cottage .
chagrin briefly colored jaces cheeks , but soon enough he was lost in the topic and his heart leapt eagerly as the lesson progressed , for never had his mind tried to wrap itself around such concepts and ideas ; suddenly a whole new universe of thought had opened itself to him , like a rose breaking forth into full bloom as the suns first rays fall upon it , though he did find it mildly annoying that such an astute man must ever weave the master and his doings into what should be a purely factual presentation .
error : reference source not found error : reference source not found error : reference source not found error : reference source not found error : reference source not found error : reference source not found error : reference source not found error : reference source not found error : reference source not found error : reference source not found order of the rose : forsaken petal by joshua d. hoyt acknowledgments i want to thank my amazing wife who has read and edited the book several times putting in many hours of fixing all the many comma mistakes that i make .
click here to purchase order of the rose : black petal the desire : class of 666 jon jacks other new adult and childrens books by jon jacks the caught the rules chapter one the changes sleeping ugly the barking detective agency the healing the lost fairy tale a horse for a kingdom charity the most beautiful things ( now includes the last train ) the dream swallowers nyx ; granddaughter of the night jonah and the alligator glastonbury sirens dr jekylls maid the 500 - year circus p the endless game dorian a wyrd girl the wicker slippers heartache high ( vol i ) heartache high : the primer ( vol ii ) heartache high : the wakening ( vol iii ) miss terry charm , merry kris mouse & the silver egg the last angel seecrets the cull dragonsapien the boy in white linen porcelain princess freaking freak text copyright 2015 jon jacks all rights reserved smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook .
` ` some wine , please , that light white one they have here that smells of roses . ''
let 's see if you can row us back to the rose , and if you make it with no cock - ups , i 'll let you haul me aboard and you can have the rest of the afternoon off . ''
bouquets of red roses sat on every table and petals lined the floor .
email me at melissa @ melissalwebb.com also by melissa l. webb : souless in seattle its not the great pumpkin , maxie duncan a very maxie christmas weaver of darkness the christmas miracle dark flutters : stories for a moonless night restless highways harvest moon unnatural things blood and roses checking it twice blinky , the halloween fish the lullaby dragons whispered secrets : a triple shot of darkness world of darkness short stories box set maxie duncan box set about the author : melissa l. webb is a writer of dark words .
some people threw roses at him as admiration .
she then threw the spool of ribbon across the room almost hitting one of the glass refrigerator doors that held red roses .
he is arrested by a smell , a sniff , an inhale which comes to him in greeting ! ... comes and flushes him as the drug gom does but not with its blackout and numbing , no , frak is greeted as if with a kissthe beckoning kiss of a lover ... not as he has known in sexual embrace but as he has observed the rose beckoning the bee .
she is like a crushed rose , oozing fragrance .
that his father would have understood , this frank knew upon his first coupling with rose .
she was the rose , but he was all petals being picked , falling , fluttering up into the air upon her breath , parachuting down , safe upon the floor drawn by the gravity of her desire .
in rose , it was all this , plus .
offering : red roses burning .
with a sniff , sxz becomes the answer ... sniffing the reddening powderthe wafting scent of attar of rosesotto of roses who knew this ?
when my niece delivered two dozen roses to me on stage , the fans , once again called for an encore .
to her surprise , a rose suddenly appeared at the side of her cheek .
within the breeze lingered gasoline , exhaust , spices , meat , and the heavy perfume of roses , salty skin , and liquor .
wood deck , roses and hydrangea , bushes , oak tree , and a fountain , said lina .
she smelt like roses .
for roses of gentle fire had bloomed exactly where the fire dancer had kissed them .
gregory remembered the young man who d kissed roses of fire into susannah and mangos hair .
she clutched a bouquet that was a mixture of red roses and purple arrows .
in the bed lay his mother , pale - faced and clutching a red rose .
she had received red roses ( the highest grade ) in all her exams , and would soon graduate , with a major in sacrifice and a minor in soul therapeutics .
i do nt know why god made roses to have so many petals , or orchids to be so delicate .
its single flower was about the size of a large rose , but very intricate ; it took kor a few minutes to grasp the underlying principle .
in the form of a rose , i will attend your wedding , and as the air , i will attend you at the birth of your children .
and i had a feeling i mentioned this to you before , lieutenant that the whole world was like a flower , a blossom , like a rose blossom , slowly opening , unfolding , growing .
carved roses and lily flowers decorated the trimmings of the desk .
there were white roses in the generous yard , and a well - kept sandstone path leading to an ornate red door .
the tiny scribbled leafs of parchment half - buried under the roses would prevent the undead from digging their way out of the mulch .
she swung her elegant saber with carved roses on its steel .
shadow roses over the entrance .
everything went dark again and then a red rose was glowing on the ground in front of gabriel .
from the dried up flakes of the rose came a new flower .
a white rose came up and caught gabriel 's eyes .
in the foreground a massive full moon came up behind the rose .
the smell of roses was almost overwhelming , and that was rosmerta 's calling card .
apparently she 'd been trying to wake us for some time and finally resorted to the tiny bells and the scent of roses .
tiny flowers and vines were sewn in such detail that you could tell the vines were ivy and roses , with some harebells and violas embroidered around them .
i smelled roses , and blood appeared on my wrist as if by the prick of thorns .
` ` the roses are dead . ''
the roses were a last defense for the court .
if enemies penetrated this far , the roses would come to life and kill them , or try to , either by strangling or by the thorns .
` ` stop petting the roses , '' frost said .
i turned to him , hand still on the roses .
` ` if the roses die , truly die , do you understand what this means ? ''
` ` most likely , better than you do , '' he said , ` ` but i also understand that we can do nothing for the roses or the fact that the sidhe 's power is dying .
all i could see was the snaking tendrils of the roses .
` ` other than the fact that the roses are alive again , what am i supposed to be seeing ? ''
` ` it means i do n't believe the roses mean you harm . ''
` ` the roses once drank from the queen every time she passed this way , '' doyle said .
` ` i have passed under the roses a thousand times in my life , and they ' ve never reacted to me , not even when they still had a few blooms left . ''
we need to get her out of here before the roses try to eat her . ''
we would survive the roses ' worst attentions , but she would not .
if you offer the roses violence , they will return the favor . ''
` ` the land has never welcomed cel , nor have the roses reached for him , '' frost said .
he did n't seem to trust the roses ' patience as much as doyle did .
i had never seen the roses move before , not so much as a twitch .
i 'd often wished to see the room covered in sweet fragrant roses .
` ` what happens if the roses pour over me and try tearing me limb from limb ? ''
` ` the roses desire a drink of your blood .
` ` did you clear the door of roses ? ''
` ` doyle tells me that you pricked your finger on a thorn , and the roses sprang to life . ''
what caused the roses to come to life is anyone 's guess . ''
` ` i had given up hope of our roses .
the queen could think what she wanted about the roses .
i did n't believe that one drop of my blood had inspired the dying roses .
you have seen the roses , watched them come to life for the first time in decades .
the room smelled of wild roses .
the scent of roses was back .
not merely a rose , but all that grew upon the earth was in her scent .
the scents and tastes combined with the scent of wild roses .
the first time i called cold to my hands , a cold so deep that it could shatter metal , was for rose and her mother .
i looked a good match for my rose . ''
i grew with my rose until i am as you see me now .
i thought i was giving up what life i had to save rose , but the consort had asked if i would give up everything i was , and i did .
the ring pulsed , and the scent of roses rode the air .
the scent of roses was stronger .
there was a scent of roses .
or maybe it was the scent of roses growing stronger .
the scent of roses came like a soothing wave .
the scent of roses and deep forest was suddenly present , as if we 'd stepped into a forest glade where wild roses had managed to grow .
the scent of roses and deep forest was suddenly present , as if we 'd stepped into a forest glade where wild roses had managed to grow .
the scent of roses was fresh , and so real that i thought i felt a petal brush my cheek .
i almost told him that i was n't doing this , but with that thought the scent of roses suddenly grew stronger .
i guessed that i should not tell hugh that i was n't creating the flowers on purpose , and with that thought the scent of roses dimmed , i took it to mean that i 'd done what she wished .
the unseelie court even without the new magic had held the remnants of real roses .
the wind smelled of apple blossoms and roses - sweet and clean and good .
i smelled roses .
i was suddenly drowning in the sweet , almost cloying scent of roses .
` ` hurry , '' the voice in my head said , and with a last whiff of roses she was gone again .
the climbing roses of the entry chamber , filling the darkness with crimson blossoms , writhed and slithered like great thorned serpents overhead .
i raced from the dimness of the roses to the brightness of the court , and staggered , almost blinded by the difference in light .
suddenly i smelled roses .
the scent of flowers had faded , like the dream of roses in a long - closed room .
i caught the faint scent of roses , and a voice like a warm wind .
i smelled roses then , a soft , gentle perfume .
` ` roses are fragile things , meredith .
` ` this is a rose that makes its own garden wherever it happens to grow . ''
` ` do not fall too far in love with the rose , darkness , for it has thorns . ''
` ` yes , '' he said , ` ` we must all beware the thorns when we seek to pick the rose . ''
` ` what good is a thorn to the rose , if it does not draw blood . ''
` ` go , and take your rose and her new thorns with you .
the light colored the pearls on her collar in shades of rose and gold .
jack went to the phone , ordered a thousand and one roses delivered to ellen 's room on his credit card , then he headed next door to the media center .
the table is all laden : yellow cream , honeycomb , white bread and butter ; roses at the window - sill and peeping round the shutter .
glittering sand slid through my hand , dust of pearl and jewel - grist , trumpets of opal , roses of coral , flutes of green and amethyst .
her ears went aflame , face going a deeper shade of crimson than had ever been seen amidst roses .
collapsing next to her bow , the shict writhed upon the ground , shrieking as she clawed at notched ears that withered like roses .
but she did see the circle become a spark , flickering and twisting like a rose petal as it flew from his palm and wafted with an orange glow toward the two combatants .
possibly aiding and abetting , a little conspiracy to commit , followed of course by receiving stolen money , but , trust me , you 'll come out of this smelling like a rose . ''
he could fall in a cesspit and come up smelling like roses .
i am the rose of sharon , and the lily of the valleys .
they were roses , their stems wrapped in paper .
when she got home that night sam put the roses in an improvised vase .
they passed by many small rooms , some still touched with a drifting fragrance , sweet and more fragile than roses , which could only be caught now and again by an accidental breath , and faded into the stronger lingering smell of incense and spice if one tried to draw it in .
my adventures with rose were simply an excuse to get me out of the way .
for a moment , my mother reminded me weirdly of rose - both possessed that unflinching tendency to say what was on their minds .
his shirt and tie were purple , as was the rose tucked into his pocket .
looking over to the doorway , i realized now that someone else had been with rose when she arrived , but i 'd been too startled by her to notice .
the look in rose 's eyes said she was skeptical .
even some of rose and eddie 's fierceness wavered .
the last time i 'd seen her , i 'd been held prisoner in a hotel by guardians while the moroi tried to figure out how big my role had been in rose 's escape .
when i 'd been with rose and dimitri , they 'd been simply trying to keep themselves alive - plus , they were both dhampirs .
the trip to court had been the first time i 'd seen adrian in person , but i 'd actually seen him once before on security camera footage when he 'd been at a casino with rose .
seeing as rose and dimitri were officially a couple now , i had to assume things with adrian had n't ended well .
` ` you never held back with rose . ''
i remembered when i 'd been in the car with jill , and she 'd slipped into a tirade about rose , about how the memory of her tormented adrian .
the rose wilted and crumpled before my eyes , turning to dust and then vanishing altogether .
when we returned to our lobby , we found out a delivery had arrived for jill : a bouquet of perfect red roses and an apologetic note from lee .
` ` because of rose ? ''
i pointed to a painting of a woman 's eye , brown and long - lashed , and then to another one of roses .
the ironwork was twisted with roses and vines , painted black , cutting into her hands , but panic numbed the pain .
simone duplaix sat in a chair beside the bed , almost hidden by bursts of roses , red and pink and yellow , alicia nshombo had sent from her brother 's garden .
a dismounted immortal rose , weapon in hand , his eyes gleaming with exaltation as he turned toward his prey .
she was a beautiful little thing , cleopatra - cut honey - blond hair , gray - green eyes , skin like pale spring roses .
and there was this flower garden - i made it grow and gave siobhan a rose . ''
glass lamps blown into the shapes of roses hung at intervals on the walls , and the air smelled like dust and candle wax .
she noticed certain repeating motifs : angels and swords , suns and roses .
the hilt of the dagger was set with a single red stone carved in the shape of a rose .
the hospital door was ornate heavy carved wood , patterns familiar to clary , the roses of idris , curling runes , rayed suns .
my room definitely rose to the challenge , done in rose , lavender , and handmade lace .
mine wore attar of roses and sang ` ` all the pretty horses '' to me before i slept .
i read about a woman who was promised a job in a plastic factory and when she arrived , she was branded with a rose and put to work in a yakuza - run brothel . ''
her furniture had big fat cabbage roses , and the arms were threadbare .
when we 'd have a fight back in tampa , he 'd come home with roses , chocolate , and an expensive piece of jewelry .
the knowledge rose , fully unfurled like a rose ; in my head , i saw it with perfect clarity .
` ` is the bloom off the rose ? ''
the bouquet of roses was a nice touch and supplied gratis .
it sure looked like a single rose .
and then he put the rose between his teeth and bent down to untie the laces of his combat boots .
taking the rose out from between his teeth , he smoothed his hair and beat back the feeling that he wished he could have shown up in a tux or something .
and suggest to him that at least while on sentry duty , greeting arriving officers with proper decorum should perhaps be considered of somewhat more importance than taunting puppies raised in rose gardens .
there were roses and chrysanthemums , snapdragons and sunflowers , but planted side by side with them were poppies , like those he had seen growing in plantations in vietnam and thailand , and datura , which he recognized from his boyhood days in the southwest , and , in cool , deep - shaded bowers , mushrooms of a dozen colors and shapes , none of which looked suitable for sauteing and eating with steak .
in the casket , the smooth pink flesh and hints of rose had faded .
in a beautiful world full of roses and sunshine , i 'd be able to change his self - inflicting death .
then the perfection withered like a famished rose .
it felt like a thousand deaths , each one a thorn on a dying rose , individualized but connected to the same vine of life .
when i finally roll to a stop at the bottom of the hill , i blink up at the sky and then at my surroundings , realizing i ' m lying next to the angel statue asher took me to ; the one surrounded by crosses and flourishing roses .
my eyes roll open to the grey sky , raven 's sapphire eyes , and a thousand wilting roses covering the ground , charred , the once soft petals now ash upon the singed grass .
i pluck a rose from my hair and run my fingers along the dried petals , fascinated with its lack of luster .
she sets the papers down and stares at the rose .
she picks up the rose , twirls it in her fingers , and dead rose petals float to the table .
she 's tucked a rose over my ear and my black hair flows down my back .
around my neck is a choker centered with a rose and a black dress fits against my body .
his blonde hair runs to his shoulders , his features flawless like they were carved out of stone and his lips are as red as a rose ... or blood .
manny flush faded from hot rose to a dull pink .
her boots had ploughed through the roses before the curve of her flight took her up again .
in wyrd sisters she became the unofficial head of a tiny coven consisting of the easy - going , much - married nanny ogg and young magrat , she of the red nose and unkempt hair and tendency to be soppy about raindrops and roses and whiskers on kittens .
she had n't been quite sure how the moment would be , even in the darkest hours of the night , but she 'd had an idea that roses and sunsets and bluebirds might just possibly be involved .
except that there were n't any roses .
a dozen lace roses unravelled .
when he 'd begun to take a little more interest in these things , he 'd realized the role people seemed to think that colour played in concepts like , for example , roses .
usually they went into town and bought stale fish and chips from an unfragrant shop in three roses alley ; fried food was considered unhealthy by miss butts , and therefore bought out of school at every opportunity .
somewhere in three roses near the fish shop , gloria had said .
' i suppose a pattern of roses is out of the question ?
as for category three , he did n't look like someone used to bothering with chocolates or roses .
next to compost he liked roses , because they were something to compost the compost for .
modo straightened up , and paused to admire his rosebed , which contained the finest display of pure black roses he 'd ever managed to produce .
' he ... he had a rose in his teeth , sarge . '
gloria had bought a bag of fried fish from the shop in three roses .
' the shop in three roses alley ? '
all that remained in the taxman 's office was an amended piece of paper , which read as follows : ' roses are red , violets are blue .
just a bouquet of dead rose - stems with no roses on them .
just a bouquet of dead rose - stems with no roses on them .
there were quite a lot of roses and orchids .
' did you send the roses ? ! '
' you like the roses ?
the curtains were still drawn and , in the gloom , the strange roses glowed .
it bore the same relationship to ballet as compost did to roses .
like the roses ? '
there was a blur and he tried to blink and his left eyelid was suddenly a rose of pain .
and that was no bed of roses , i might add . '
one of the things that made leonard such a rare prize , and kept him under such secure lock and key , was that he really did n't see any difference between the thumb and the roses and the pencil - sharpener and this .
the purple cart had been decorated with huge swathes of pink and lavender , and what looked like roses made out of paper .
there was a pattern of skulls and bones around the frame , for the sake of appearances ; death could not look himself in the skull in a mirror with cherubs and roses around it .
i do n't know when i ' ve ever seen a more stupid bunch of henchmen , '' said cohen , admiring , ` ` harry , you 're like a refreshin ' fart in a roomful of roses .
at his desk , while considering the problem of steering a craft in thin air , leonard carefullv drew a rose .
i smell of roses , me , haha .
a few roses were hanging on among the weeds and briars in the garden .
slant always comes out smelling of roses ! '
then , walking unsteadily on new legs , he went toward the flower patch where , in the summer , roses had grown .
it grew fine , old roses , full of scent and so red they were nearly , yes , black .
the roses were blooming again .
there were roses .
` ` ah , '' said petulia , in a voice as bright and brittle as a rose of ice .
they did n't talk about the wind or the roses .
were there roses ?
` ` did you see the roses ? ''
a gonnagle could put many things into his music , and she felt sunsets , and autumns , and the mist on hills and the smell of roses so red they were nearly black ... .
` ` and the snowflakes and roses were really very ... it was very sweet .
he started off so well , with the ice roses and everything , and then he wanted to show you his muscles .
` ` you made me roses of ice , '' said tiffany .
but the roses melted at dawn , tiffany added to herself , and glanced at the pale - yellow sun .
good - bye to the dress made of dancing light , and good - bye to the ice roses and the snowflakes .
but him - he made me roses and icebergs and frost and never understood ... . she turned suddenly at the sound of voices .
she had silver hair , and eyes with a pearly sheen to them , and the kind of interesting but impractical long dress that tends to be worn by tragic her**nes who clasp single roses to their bosom while gazing soulfully at the moon .
` ` ` ` ' yet verily , the rose is within the thorn . '
the fireball rose like a - well , a rose .
` ` one was black as night , one was yellow like maple leaves before they fall , one was paler yellow like roses when they fade from the sun , one had hair like leaves when they ' ve fallen and lost all color save brown , though it 's the brown after a rain . ''
i smelled roses , which was the scent that i smelled when the goddess was answering prayers , or trying to get my attention .
the scent of roses was stronger as i moved toward them .
the moment his hand wrapped around mine the scent of roses was even stronger , as if i stood beside a bank of wild roses thick with summer 's heat .
the moment his hand wrapped around mine the scent of roses was even stronger , as if i stood beside a bank of wild roses thick with summer 's heat .
the scent of roses was so thick it was as if i 'd drunken rose water , so that it sat sweet and clean on my tongue .
maybe what he needed to heal was something gentle , something like the touch of spring , or the first heat of summer when the roses fill the meadows .
but the moment he came toward me with the towel , i smelled roses , not jasmine .
i took a deep breath and could smell jasmine again more than roses .
i almost asked , but the scent of roses came mingled with the salt of the next wave .
that last deep thrust brought me one final time , and it was then that the scent of roses fell around us in a shower of pink petals that glided out to sea with the waves .
i smelled flowers , but it was neither roses nor apple blossoms .
he bit me just enough to make me cry out for him and suddenly the world smelled of roses .
wild roses and summer heat filled the world .
i would have been happy to sit on the bench and listen to the water 's song , letting the scent of roses wash over me , except that under the perfume of roses were other smells , ones that i had n't wanted to smell again .
i would have been happy to sit on the bench and listen to the water 's song , letting the scent of roses wash over me , except that under the perfume of roses were other smells , ones that i had n't wanted to smell again .
the smell of roses would still remind me of the blessings of the goddess , but this memory would pair it with blood and the smell of fear as the dead had given up their last moments of life , so that there was about the rose - scented morning a hint of charnel and outhouse .
the smell of roses would still remind me of the blessings of the goddess , but this memory would pair it with blood and the smell of fear as the dead had given up their last moments of life , so that there was about the rose - scented morning a hint of charnel and outhouse .
but if the bodies had been bigger the killers would n't have been able to hang them between the roses like some macabre clothesline .
they were all pale and perfect like little dolls , except that what child would tie their dolls up by their wrists and string them up between rosebushes so that the bound bodies formed a circle with the roses ?
there was no smell of roses to accompany the prayer .
a fear from deep within rose like the tide , until i was convinced if i let this man out of my sight , i would never see him again .
she was carrying a silver vase that cascaded with an unusual variety of rose .
two things had made me anxious in less than one minute - the new glimmer in john 's eyes , and the excessive roses poisoning my room with a scent that should have been pleasant , but instead entered my nose smelling as repulsive as burning flesh .
removing her eye from the arrangement - whose roses had white petals that were outlined in crimson red - she examined my face carefully , as if looking for any hint of deceit in my response .
turning to wil iams , she said , you real y expected someone like bryn , who makes worrying an olympic event , to suddenly believe everything was going to come up roses because the council made you guys a roundabout promise ?
we did nt want a five star resort or a penthouse suite or champagne and roses .
anka gestured across the expanse of bram 's winter - brown lawn , dormant roses swaying with the slight breeze .
only the roses and jasmine of her wedding flowers wafted to her nose .
` ` a rose by any other name ...
` ` smelling like a rose ? ''
smelling like a rose ?
` ` go see your mother 's grave for me and bring her a red rose .
` ` i ' m glad you do n't need wine and roses . ''
they were in the shape of a boat , a rose and a heart .
the wet grass brushed up against my legs and i nearly slid a few times before i reached the roses .
i kicked and kicked with my legs , trying not to look beyond the roses at mary who was shimmering , and amazingly they let go as well and retreated quickly into the depths of the bushes , like frightened dogs .
i spat the words out at him , hoping they 'd inflict the same damage that the roses had done to me .
i eyed the anchor silly band on my wrist , happy that the roses had n't cut it off and smiled .
the wallpaper was yellow with tiny roses .
i immediately saw myself up there too , receiving red roses that were chucked from the crowd .
` ` so what is the deal with rose ?
and even though part of me felt for maximus at times , his sob story over rose was n't enough to eradicate that he slept with perry when she was possessed , manhandled his way on to our show , and had some major problem with perry and i screwing each other 's brains out .
perry asked as rose pulled the noisy car onto the i-10 .
we waited for a few tense minutes , all of us taking in the sights of the house , except for rose of course , who was texting someone on her phone .
i used to be in love with your rose here . ''
perry and i trailed behind rose and maximus as we walked down the rough sidewalk , peering at the never ending vibrancy around us , from the open - air bars spilling out onto the street , to the endless music coming out from all directions , to the various tattoo shops .
perry looked like she 'd rather be getting a root canal , and maximus was staring at rose .
a few people in the bar clapped at the old favorite , including rose and ambrosia , who were looking impressed when i hit those first notes with smoothness to spare .
maximus had left the bandb early , perhaps to visit rose or stock up on more flannel shirts and pomade .
we were allowed to borrow rose 's truck for the expedition , which was a lot cheaper than a rental car , while rose had to work at her bar .
soon we were coasting down the bumpy dirt road lit only by rose 's headlights .
we huddled after rose , sticking tightly to the path , and walked up to the screened porch .
` ` that was weird , '' he whispered to me as we walked down the hospital halls , looking for rose and perry .
if i had to deal with perry and my dead mother , he was going to talk about rose .
` ` back to rose ... '' ` ` back to rose .
i 'd fallen in love with rose .
i watched as rose left the lobby , and when i turned around , perry had gotten up and was making her way across the lobby to her room .
` ` thank you for going with rose .
i looked over at rose , at her lifeless body .
what rose , dear rose , had told me earlier came into my head again .
he seemed happy to be off the subject of rose .
' well , it 's divided into three , and there 's a rose , a flame and a pot , ' he said .
' a rose is a flower .
the color was a dark rose , one that wildly complemented cherise 's blond hair and beautiful skin .
her most prominent body decoration , which showed plainly as she turned to gather up her jeans and tank top from the bench , was a gray - a little gray alien tattoo waving hello from the small of her back , where most beautiful women would have put a rose as a tramp stamp .
` ` whether i want purple roses or yellow ones .
i fidgeted slightly , clutching the small , perfect bouquet of ivory roses that cherise had handed me , and the security men on either side of me scanned the perimeters for any threats .
sybil flushed , her natural color warring with the carefully applied tints of rose and cream .
as it turned out , my landing hurt me more than it did the roses .
big floral display at the polished mahogany doors at the end of the room , chrysanthemums and lilies and roses .
there were so many arrangements it looked like a flower shop had exploded - lilies were a theme , and roses , but it being spring i got the rainbow assortment .
` ` tell me , do i still smell like roses ? ''
a space has been cleared and the love seat has been moved in and surrounded by vases of red and pink roses .
my nose registers the conflicting scents of roses and blood .
the smell of roses and blood has grown stronger now that only a desk separates us .
there 's a rose in president snow 's lapel , which at least suggests a source of the flower perfume , but it must be genetically enhanced , because no real rose reeks like that .
he embraces me , enfolding me in the smell of blood and roses , and plants a puffy kiss on my cheek .
creamy lace and pink roses and ringlets .
there , all but obscured by its preserved cousins , is a fresh white rose .
but perhaps the rose did n't seem noteworthy to them .
he left me a rose ! i want to scream , but it 's not information i ' m sure i should share with someone like plutarch looking on .
but after the surreal encounter with the rose , for the first time the descent makes me feel safer .
the scent of blood and roses stings my nose .
i do n't know what the problem is at first and then i see the ground strewn with fresh pink and red roses .
two dozen roses .
i ' m so tired , so wired , and so unable to keep my mind on anything but peeta since i ' ve seen the roses .
i swear i can still smell those roses .
president snow must be wondering how that blood - splattered floor and his roses are affecting me .
they say that 's why he wears the roses that reek of perfume .
the hissing burns my ears , and the reek of roses makes the walls spin .
the smell of snow 's roses mixed with the victims ' blood .
until i smell the roses .
real roses ?
still bandaged and gaunt , they are now keeping watch over the doorway to the roses .
just a rose .
and the roses are glorious .
i still ca n't see him , but his voice seems to rise up from an adjacent bed of red roses .
i must have made it back to my room , because the next thing i know , i ' m filling a glass with water from the bathroom faucet and sticking the rose in it .
my eyes focus on the rose that has spread its petals overnight , filling the steamy air with its strong perfume .
i collect my bow and at the last minute remember the rose , glistening in its glass of water .
keeping my eyes on the rose , i say , ` ` i vote yes ... for prim . ''
as she passes me , i hold up the glass with the rose .
position it , aim at the rose , but watch his face .
as the flowers flare up , a burst of blue flame envelops the rose and devours it .
fire beats roses again .
avoiding the mirror , i step into the shower and scrub the roses from my hair , my body , my mouth .
growing roses .
red , blooming roses the size of dinner plates .
he reached out , put a finger under her chin , and watched a delicate blue rose spin itself out of the place where his aura touched hers .
for one flickering moment he seemed to catch an ' image from the mind of the other one he found both exciting and disturbing : an enormous tower constructed of dark and sooty stone , standing in a field of red roses .
pink roses , ralph thought .
the pitcher had been filled with a choke of lurid red roses .
she never had roses in the house - she was allergic to most blooms , and roses were the worst .
she never had roses in the house - she was allergic to most blooms , and roses were the worst .
i see roses becausehe looked back at the creature in the rocking chair , at red fingers which had now melted together into appendages that looked almost like fins .
surrounding it was a field of roses so red they almost seemed to clamor aloud .
fantasy , the abt 's prima ballerina and one of new york 's more public aces , waved a rose before pit boss 's nose while trump card looked on indulgently .
there were several dozen roses and bottles of champagne and wine on the entryway table .
closing her eyes , she let herself absorb the sound of the ocean and the scent of the roses and sea salt that hung in the air .
` ` you smell like roses and wine . ''
before them in the west the world lay still , formless and grey ; but even as they looked , the shadows of night melted , the colours of the waking earth returned : green flowed over the wide meads of rohan ; the white mists shimmered in the watervales ; and far off to the left , thirty leagues or more , blue and purple stood the white mountains , rising into peaks of jet , tipped with glimmering snows , flushed with the rose of morning .
yet there are no trees of all that race , the people of the rose , that are so beautiful to me .
presently it brought them to a small clear lake in a shallow dell : it lay in the broken ruins of an ancient stone basin , the carven rim of which was almost wholly covered with mosses and rose - brambles ; iris - swords stood in ranks about it , and water - lily leaves floated on its dark gently - rippling surface ; but it was deep and fresh , and spilled ever softly out over a stony lip at the far end .
it reminds me of the roses of imloth melui when i was a lass , and no king could ask for better . '
then eowyn bade those that served to fill the cups , and all there assembled rose and drank to the new king , crying : ' hail , eomer , king of the mark ! '
choose a flower name like rose .
silverware sparkled in the soft candlelight and a breeze rustled the white linen tablecloth , carrying the scent of the roses in the centerpiece across the balcony to him .
some of the roses were so deeply pink , they were almost purple .
the wonderful sweet scent of wild roses filled the air .
` ` as the roses outside the throne room live again . ''
that was the price for the roses ' renewal . ''
i smelled roses , thick and sweet .
` ` i smell roses , '' i said , softly .
the smell of roses grew thicker , as if i were standing in a summer meadow .
the goddess 's voice breathed around us with the scent of summer roses : ` ` choose . ''
i smelled herbs , as if i had brushed against a border of thyme and lavender around my roses .
around me the tiny plants unfurled tiny leaves , and the world suddenly smelled of thyme , that sweet , green herb scent that sholto had said he sensed when i was smelling roses .
they still hushed and moved above us the way the roses in the unseelie court moved , as if they had more life than an ordinary tree .
she 'd immediately grabbed an unused vase and filled it with water , placing the rose near a window .
there was a faint smell of roses in the air .
i held the rose in my hand and leaned against the locker .
he devoured all that he could lay hands on either of food or drink : and the taste of that first meal was ever after associated in his mind with the first unearthly strangeness ( never fully recaptured ) of the bright , still , sparkling , unintelligible landscape - with needling shapes of pale green , thousands of feet high , with sheets of dazzling blue sodawater , and acres of rose - red soapsuds .
behind and sometimes above the mountain peaks he could make out in many places great billowy piles of the rose - red substance which he had yesterday mistaken for cloud .
immediately his head , face , and shoulders were drenched with what seemed ( in that warm world ) an ice - cold shower bath , and his nostrils filled with a sharp , shrill , exquisite scent that somehow brought to his mind the verse in pope , ' die of a rose in aromatic pain ' .
cores of rock they must have had ; but what he saw were great matterhorns clothed in flowers - a flower shaped something like a lily but tinted like a rose .
they tried the other side of the castle , passing out of the hall by a little side door into a maze of stony humps and hollows which must once have been passages and smaller rooms but was now all nettles and wild roses .
` ` it 's worse than the wars of the roses , '' said lucy .
the open places near the river 's edge were a mass of foxgloves and wild roses and the air was buzzing with bees .
and it certainly grew roses .
the senior wrangler had explained to modo that his roses grew so big because it was a miracle of existence , but modo privately thought that they just wanted to get as far away from the compost as possible .
they looked after the cosmic balance , the universal harmonies and the dimensional equilibriums , and he saw to it that the aphids stayed off the roses .
` ` nice roses , though , '' said the dean .
the dead had gone beyond the scent of roses , after all .
` ` roses are always very well received , '' he said .
many gentlemen these days tell me that ladies find a single specimen orchid more acceptable than a bunch of roses - '' give me lots .
` ` would that be orchids or roses ? ''
he had gone with a picture of rose , but it had n't been much help .
without rose , everything that had happened this spring - the glamor bust , the good press , the reporters who had stunned him by asking respectful questions for a change , even the promotion - meant nothing .
she was thinking of all the times norman had hit her , hurt her , made her cry ... and then one night , for no reason at all , he might bring her half a dozen roses and take her out to dinner .
she would n't have gone all the way to the back of the bus ; his fastidious rose would never have taken a seat near the toilet cubicle unless all the other seats were full , and norman 's good friend oliver robbins ( from whom he had bought his ticket , just as she had ) had assured him that the 11:05 was hardly ever full .
how does he know i was never really a rose , that i ' ve always been really rosie ?
and the gals in daughters and sisters , the new age whorehouse where his pal peter slowik had finally admitted sending his rambling rose , were apt to be particularly sensitive to predators slinking around their waterhole .
and of one thing there was absolutely no doubt : it was thinking of rose madder , standing there so fearlessly on top of her hill , that had pulled her through on her first day in the recording studio , when she 'd suffered the panic attack .
he watched the smoke - rose leave the weird dead garden and approach a stream so dark it looked more like ink than water .
the rose over his bed , the smoke - rose , walked down a path through a grove of trees that looked as dead as ... well , as dead as peter slowik .
he wished he could believe that rose would be the only one there tomorrow who would recognize him , but if wishes were pigs , bacon would always be on sale .
having a go at rose had been one of the great unexpressed desires of harley 's life , something norman did not understand but had read in the man 's eyes every time he came over to the house .
was his sweet little rambling rose - just standing there in the moonlight , looking up at him .
he hurried down to the stream , trampling the delicate prints of rose 's feet beneath hump peterson 's square - toed boots , reaching the edge of the running water just as rosie gained the top of the other bank .
she was wearing the same rose madder chiton - what the black woman had called a zat - and her hair fell down the center of her back to her waist in a blonde plait identical to rosie 's .
it was the face of a bat in which had been set the bright mad eyes of a rabid fox ; it was the face of a supernally beautiful goddess seen in an illustration hidden within some old and dusty book like a rare flower in a weedy vacant lot ; it was the face of his rose , whose looks had always been lifted just slightly beyond plainness by the timid hope in her eyes and the slight , wistful curve of her mouth at rest .
she brought it out , held it up , then shivered as rose madder spoke inside of her head .
they would give each other coal for christmas , dead roses for valentines day , and snarl like pit bulls every day in between .
huge scarlet roses bloomed everywhere , their scent so heavy on the air that it was like swallowing perfume , almost overwhelming in its sweetness .
the roses moved in the dimness of the chamber .
the roses were not ordinary in any way .
the fact that most of our enemies were welcome here made the roses more a symbol than an actual threat .
violets and dark ivory sweetheart roses adorned some of the braids .
we ended up buying several plants she called christmas roses , plus some bulbs she warned might or might not come up in the spring .
i accepted the vase with delight , inhaling the mingled scents of roses , irises , and stargazer lilies .
` ` i 'd bring roses for that . ''
a vase of pink - tipped white roses sat on the kitchen table , filling the air with sweetness .
the name for them came to me , with a scent of roses and herbs .
but beyond the doors was a solid wall of roses and thorns .
thorns like daggers pointed at us , roses bloomed and filled the hallway with sweet perfume .
the sithen widened the hallway , not in inches , but in horse lengths , so that the lovely and deadly vines collapsed inward , like any climbing rose will do when its support is cut .
the unseelie had their living roses and thorns that would drag any unwanted visitors to their bloody death .
i smelled roses , and i whispered , ` ` what would you have of me , goddess ? ''
i smelled roses , and the words that came from my mouth were not my words .
the scent of roses filled the air , and petals began to fall from the sky like pink rain .
the petals had begun to sprout small thorny vines , roses growing in the winter cold .
it hovered for a moment , then vanished in a shower of roses and vines .
the scent of roses came gently to me .
` ` i smell herbs and roses , '' sholto said from behind me .
the smell of roses and herbs returned .
the perfume of roses was growing stronger .
it was not the heavy , cloying scent of modern roses , but the light , sweet scent of the wild .
the herbs added a warm , thick undertone to the scent , as if we were standing in the middle of an herb garden with a hedge of wild roses around it to guard it and keep it safe .
the scent of roses and herbs was so real that i could taste it on my tongue , like drinking in a summer 's day .
it was the circle of wild roses , like the one i 'd seen in a vision once .
i 'd been bled by the roses in the unseelie antechamber .
it should have simply hurt , but the summer sunshine fell upon us , and the perfume of herbs and roses , warmed by the life - giving sun , was all around us .
pink roses covered the vine , hiding the pain , and giving us a bouquet more intimate than any ever made by man .
i felt my hair move , and as sholto leaned in to kiss me , he said , ` ` you wear a crown of mistletoe and white roses . ''
i shook my head , and the crown of roses and mistletoe moved in my hair , like some serpentine pet settling more comfortably .
i expected the roses that bound our hands to uncurl so we could pick doyle up , but they seemed perfectly happy where they were .
what was it about touching doyle with the roses that had made her see the blood ?
i started to say no , but one of the white roses fell from my crown onto the bed .
the woman took the rose in her shaking hands .
why had the rose fallen onto her bed , and why had it seemed to make her feel better ?
i smelled roses before i turned to find the cloaked figure of the goddess .
there was a new tattoo on it , one of thorny vines and blooming roses .
` ` it 's a shadow of the roses that bound our hands . ''
` ` the roses are more a seelie mark , '' doyle said , ` ` but yes , handfasted and marked as a couple . ''
i stared at the pretty roses on my skin and was suddenly afraid .
chapter nineteen the tattoos on our hands flared to life , not as real roses , but as glowing , pulsing works of art .
the smell of herbs and roses was thick on the air .
i felt the weight of the crown as it curled through my hair , and i knew i was crowned once more with white roses and mistletoe .
a tendril of the roses in my crown curled downward to touch the phone receiver .
doyle kissed the top of my head , laying his cheek between the roses and the mistletoe of the crown .
sholto 's sleeve was looser , so that more of his rose and thorn tattoo showed , but enough showed to prove that the tattoos were a pair .
i waited for some sign , and thought at first that she would not answer me , then a faint perfume of roses came .
the weight of the rose and mistletoe crown wove itself to life on my head .
there was a sound like bells , and the scent of flowers , though not roses .
i gazed into their eyes , and was n't sure what was about to happen , but as the scent of roses grew stronger on the cold air , i knew the goddess was coming .
the scent of roses mingled with the rich scent of herbs and leaves , as if we stood on the edge of some forest glade .
i smiled , then i laughed , and the scent of roses and the sensation of summer sun on my skin was so real that it was almost dizzying to have my eyes see the winter 's dark .
i smelled roses , thick and warm as summer 's kiss .
` ` i wanted to present you with roses , a white one for the color of your skin , a yellow one for the color of your hair and a pink one for the way you glow when you smile . ''
` ` after the first performance , all the other kids ' mothers brought them roses and hugged them .
ivy and honeysuckle were growing up the legs of the bed , red roses were sprouting from the caps of the little men , and from every direction huge lilies rose to her knees and waist , shooting out their yellow tongues at her .
he was discovering the hedge after he had plucked the rose .
the last bright star had vanished and though they could not see the sunrise because of the mountains on their right , they knew it was going on because the sky above them and the bay before them turned the colour of roses .
yet at long last a drake bursts the barrier to the north -- and there had once been the issue of the alley of roses and a fair place to see or to walk in , but now there is but a lane of blackness and it is filled with noise .
nfg has ' los is a flower and in eldarissa losse which is a rose ' ( all after the word ' flower ' struck out ) .
samantha drank howard 's wine and stared out at the sky above the black privet hedge , which was a delicate shade of rose pink ; the precise shade her nipples had been before they had been darkened and distended by pregnancy and breast - feeding .
she thought she saw two of the st anne 's girls exchange whispers and smirks , and was sure of it when krystal suddenly stood tall , glaring at them , and said , ' s'pose your shit smells of roses , does it ? '
she carried roses , for love , to the stone polished smooth and carved deep by magick and grief .
there she laid the roses , white as the innocence she 'd lost .
he was afraid and ashamed for having made those roses bloom in her cheeks .
and why did you have to seem so perfect on the outside , like a rose - red apple in autumn , and be so rotten below the skin ?
naomi looked beautiful indeed - the flush of her exercise had colored her tanned cheeks the pretty dusky red of autumn roses .
the roses bloomed in her cheeks again .
the roses had fled from her face , leaving her cheeks and brow ashy .
she makes our heart go ... ` ` she put her hand against the rose on her breast and fluttered it rapidly .
the shadowy thing tore at her , forepaws on either side of her head , rear paws planted on the grave - shroud above her , chest , where the rose had been .
at their sound , the dark windows of the tower glowed with a deadly red light - the red of poisoned roses .
at the bidding of ecthelion trumpets were blown on the towers of the great gate , and they echoed in the hills ; and far off but clear there came a sound of answering trumpets blown upon the white walls of the city , flushed with the rose of dawn upon the plain .
it was a hundred times worse than the mess art had left , and as that deep red liquid pooled and pooled , a bizarre image of blooming roses floated across my mind .
there were little roses etched into it - roses with lots of thorns .
there were little roses etched into it - roses with lots of thorns .
coming out of the place where one would expect a nose was a large rose - colored blossom rimmed with waving tentacles .
she might be called homely , perhaps , but it was quite a nice home , clean and decent and with roses round the door and a welcome on the mat and an apple pie in the oven .
the heavy scent of the roses in full bloom .
the grass here was mostly green , and the air smelled of the roses that wove their way up the sides of the wall .
gawyn kept his distance from the insects , but the scent of roses was so pervasive that he felt bathed in it .
gawyn smiled , breathing in the scents of roses and mud around the pond .
he drives back the clouds and makes the roses bloom . ''
she thought the roses bloomed because of al'thor ?
birgitte wore one of elayne 's foxhead copies , though it had a different shape , a thin silver disc with a rose on the front .
he carried a long , wicked bronze knife , with a crosswork pattern of roses along its length and thorns sticking out near the top of the crossguard .
` ` it 's like ... spiced rum and fire , but it smells like cloves and roses .
he dropped off some roses .
there were potted rose trees now with picture - perfect blooms .
` ` like this lady loves roses of all colors , but what have you got to make it look like spring ? ''
he stared dully ahead of him and was only vaguely aware that a man was coming across the graveyard from a truck parked on the road , and that he was carrying a large bouquet of white roses , arranged in green ferns , that was fitted into what appeared to be a stone vase .
he thought of the roses he 'd sent to celeste .
they quickly rubbed my underarms with oil that smelled like lavender mixed with roses , and then held up a small polished plate .
` ` one time uncle abe told me he had summoned the lizard using a potion he cooked with blood and dew gathered from a rose petal under a full moon . ''
` ` i just happen to enjoy a fine box of rose every now and then . ''
she paused to study the summer roses that grew alongside the midwife 's house , ran her fingertips over the petals .
i was n't the type of girl to daydream about white dresses and roses and all that , but there was something about allie and levi 's wedding that simultaneously filled me with joy and broke my heart .
he remembered the emerald light , the alien - looking orchids , the summer roses climbing trellises all winter long .
here it was all bluebells and honeysuckle , climbing roses and birds chasing each other across the sky - a place where nothing bad could happen .
he picked up his suitcase and made his way past a long bed of pale roses and into the white hotel .
baby roses ?
julian johns was on the other side , fixing one of georges miniature roses to his lapel .
the sweet perfume of rose and syringa lingered in the damp air as she brushed by the branches .
one minute he was berating the gardener for over fertilising the roses , and in the next instant , his spirit took flight and he passed through the gates of death .
frances breathed in the sweet perfume of rose that lingered in the air , before taking in every detail of the rest of the idyllic garden .
its hard not to , mr brearly , frances said , looking up once more at the luxurious carpet of roses .
frances sighed and rested her back against an expanse of trellis that was smothered with thornless climbing roses .
a rose between two thorns , he audaciously proclaimed , and while the young women laughed at his joke , he leant over the picnic basket and attempted to unfasten it .
i know that you want yellow roses , but i am still inclined to think that orange blossom is more appropriate .
as if to re - iterate this statement , he tore off the rose from the lapel of his frock coat , and flung it onto the ground .
it was edwina ballard , cradling a large basket of freshly picked flowers in her arms , a composition that included roses , daisies , sweet peas and foliage in various shades of green .
by this time frances had dismounted her bike , and had rested it against a nearby trellis which was covered with climbing roses .
they were the dangerous years of the wars of the roses that had finally taken sir henrys life .
here we go on a little journey through the most extraordinary piece of english history and the shortest account you ll ever read of the wars of the roses .
there s shakespeares story of the great lords meeting in a garden , split over their loyalties , some picking the red rose of lancaster , others the white rose of york .
it was quite small and bound in green leather : it had a red rose pressed in to it from the summer .
the rose and the book were the most precious things eadie could have given me ; and we kissed and i loved her for it .
i thought the book must have come from aletia , in fact there was an inscription so , but the rose was from eadie and it was the gift of her own heart that i loved .
my mind ferreted round for the meaning of the sword and the letter and father johns vision while my heart grieved for eadie and the book and the rose and all the happiness of long ago .
the book , the rose , all the perishable things were intact and unaged , as we saw them in lady isobels garden .
with no mind of its own , a rose will always be a rose , living out its given time in the sun and rain until it withers and dies .
with no mind of its own , a rose will always be a rose , living out its given time in the sun and rain until it withers and dies .
unlike the rose and its given beauty , they served no purpose .
shaken by marias perception , erich closed the book and sat silent for a few moments , staring at a particular small rose that seemed to be struggling against the larger blossoms for its own place in the sun .
your skin is softer than the petals of a rose , he had recited to julia once from a silly poem he had written for her .
crossing his arms and looking around the garden slowly , erich sighed aloud , as if captured by the completeness of the roses before him .
patiences relief at roses arrival vanished when a woman , whose scowl could curdle milk , threw the carriage door open and pushed rose out .
hours later , after sophie drifted to sleep , and roses weeping calmed , patience could still hear the humiliating sound .
how well patience understood such a need , if not roses particular one .
except that he was not smitten with patience , like his brother was with rose .
brazen conduct for rose .
the quick scratching of roses charcoal lulled patience as she warmed to her task .
he seemed so preoccupied with roses talent , patience guessed he had nt noticed her fascination with him .
she glided in that very swing , the scent of roses wafting on the air .
ill stay and protect rose and angel .
roses baby should be with rose .
roses baby should be with rose .
but his brother would soon become a bigger part of roses life .
had he sent shane on the connecticut just to get him away from rose ?
and the more restrained roses grieving , the more patience worried .
he d sent shane away to be nasty , to separate him from rose .
he was so frightened by her look of trust , he wanted to fetch rose .
patience followed , saw them warm and dry , went to check on rose and grace and returned topside to wait .
turquoise brocade for angel , and mulberry crepe shot with aubergine for rose .
patience tried to step from his embrace to follow rose .
ill get roses wrap and escort her to the carriage .
at the carriage , she spoke to rose and angel to be certain they suffered no harm then she allowed him to hand sophie and grace inside .
the ironic image of her aunt as warm and understanding pushed aside , patience worried about rose .
i m not certain about this problem with rose , patience .
rose , with the classic beauty admired by any man , was far and above the most beautiful of face and figure , yet in disposition she suffered great deficiency , yet her aunt made rose glow with praise so that everyone tended to forget the other .
when roses bodice ruffle tore , as a result of her nervous twisting , the tear was so loud , everyone breathed again .
the baby in roses drawings had been her daughter , amy .
with the surge of emotion on roses behalf , as well as her own inner rejoicing , no other haven would be perfect .
between his real need to hold her , and his brothers reunion with rose , and roses with her child , he was vulnerable and frightened .
between his real need to hold her , and his brothers reunion with rose , and roses with her child , he was vulnerable and frightened .
uncomfortable with roses gratitude , grant stood and made for the brandy .
patience picked up the rose , looked into his eyes and was lost .
so the rose must be a symbol .
funny , she thought as she slipped his shoes off and lifted his legs to the cushions , she never noticed him looking at her the way shane looks at rose .
do nt worry about rose and shane .
shanes at briarleigh with rose .
ill wake you in time for shane and roses wedding , and not a moment before .
the duke of graham approached me at roses wedding , asking permission to address grace .
summer will bring your roses .
now , her apple - green skirts , parted to reveal a petticoat lovingly embroidered with little roses , were dark with blood .
a half - dozen red roses arrived from lady jayne snow , only to be outdone by a full dozen from her sister lady anne .
the wind drove through the vale in which ravenscombe nestled , tearing off a roof tile here , snapping branches from a copper beech there , whistling up and over the high downs and through the gatehouse of blackheath , where it made the roses in the garden thrash and bob , moaned around the mighty castle , rattled the windows in their casements , pummeled the ancient stone with rain .
it was a beautiful bunch of red roses , tied with an expensive silk ribbon .
as the carriage they 'd hired at abingdon 's lamb inn brought them down a drive bordered by budding roses , carefully clipped yew hedge , and damson , peach and cherry trees in full blossom , juliet could see the spire of st . helen 's , one of the town 's two ancient churches , thrusting above the trees a mile away .
` ` i ' m not sure i can call it a stunt , '' gareth called back , ducking as a bundle of red roses came arcing down on them from above .
he bent down , picked up the roses before they could be trampled , and drew one out ; then , with a grin he did n't feel , he tossed the bundle back up to the girls , eliciting a chorus of excited squealing .
roses , in every shade of pink , had been artfully woven into the garlands of green that nick and chris had hung the night before .
the roses swayed softly in the gentle breeze , lending their fragrance to nature 's heady perfume .
a small black vase rested on the corner of nick 's desk but its pink roses were days past their prime and petals had already started to fall .
plucking the wilted roses from the vase , she crossed the room and dropped them into the ash can .
when that seemed not to help , she applied oil of roses mixed with saffron and pomegranate peel .
for them , helios shines in meadows red with roses , shaded by the incense tree laden with golden fruit .
julia was surprised at how busy the coachyard was when they arrived at the rose and crown for lunch .
both julia and smithers were grateful for the excellent hot meal in the private parlour of the rose and crown inn , which fortified them for the rest of the days journey in the jolting coach .
julia , somewhat taken aback at such compliments from a vicar , was momentarily speechless , especially as she remembered that she had seen the gentleman before , lunching at the rose and crown in tonbridge .
she soon found the plot in the small graveyard , and after laying a few white roses on the grave , was contemplating what type of headstone should be placed on it and the appropriate wording , when an unexpected voice made her jump .
the costume was different , but julia recognised him immediately as the lutheran pastor she had seen in the dining room of the rose and crown in tonbridge with reverend talbot .
in an informal meeting at the rose and crown they discussed the project .
still , i keeps upgot a couple of young lads to help me , and i can still tend to the roses myself .
the roses .
yes , that s rightyou gave me a rose , did nt you ?
the rose of the yorks , as my old father used to say .
susanna glanced up at the sky , now lightening to a pearly gray and streaked with rose along the eastern horizon .
with roses help , she slipped out of the yellow muslin and into her white evening dress .
the air was heady with the scent of roses and purple jasmine , and the rich smell of freshly turned earth .
susanna , standing amid the perfumed roses , felt herself burning with anger .
resolutely , she rose , bathed her face , and dressed , without troubling to ring for rose .
today , mr.carswell had declared her sufficiently recovered to get out of bed , and so , with roses help , she had donned a loose - fitting blue muslin gown .
but he would nt succeed if raoul had anything to say about itthe only man who had the right to deflower this perfect rose was the vicomte de chagny !
veronique interrupted his thoughts as she plucked a rose from the trellis on the balcony and said , and spring arose on the garden fair , like the spirit of love felt everywhere ; and each flower and herb on earth 's dark breast , rose from the dreams of its wintry rest .
she knew there was a similar rose to be pinned in the hair of the wearer , but she had nt been able to find it when she had borrowed the costume from the costumery .
supple red curtains hung on either side of each pair of windows and a bouquet of red roses graced the center of each table .
the largest bouquet , which contained roses and purple orchids , had been arranged by the most famous florist in paris , and had cost more , he suspected , than the managers of the garnier made in a month .
whatever my rapturous rose wishes , he replied .
i m so sorry , my pearl , my rose , my angel , he pleaded , its just that i love you so much , and i could nt bear for anything to happen to youplease forgive me .
after the long years of war in france and then the wars of the roses in england ; these were anybodys reasonable concerns .
the last stages of the wars of the roses had killed all legitimate lancastrian claimants to the throne and margaret developed an insane obsession that her son should become king .
there were gardeners in another part of the grounds , they might have been a hundred yards away and they did nt disturb me , as i concentrated on the rose .
version : 2014 - 08 - 11 - 1345 table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 last chapter dedication a historical novelist for peace you can also connect with me online : discover other titles by norbert l. mercado : back to table of contents chapter 1 the three pink roses in her hand were as fresh as the flowers newly - plucked by a gardener early in the morning .
daniel asked the taxi driver to open the trunk so he could place the luggage of rose .
it was 5:51 on roses watch .
he could understand the feeling of roses family over her departure , for he felt it too .
green with roses and gold trim .
mukarjee 's lips were now the hue of the rose .
and suddenly he was immersed in a sea whose shores were white marble , whose surface sheened with oil of the rose .
it had been sent by shirin , wrapped with a gift of aga of the rose .
the wood in the pit smelled of ghee and rose - scented coconut oil .
another time he was given shoes with brocade roses on them , and he railed at the giver , asking if he was to be made a ruff - footed dove .
the air was rich with the aroma of roses as servants passed shaking rosewater on the guests from long - necked silver decanters .
but after spring discovered the garden , she brought from the south turquoise for the willows , rubies for the rose . ''
in shock he opened his mouth to speak and it was flooded with the essence of rose .
the water tasted of roses .
he is the bramble and the rose .
the evening air was flooded with the women 's rose attar and musk perfume .
' those eyes fire my thoughts with promised sweetness , and those lips are like petals of the rose .
he buried his face in her elegantly coiffed hair , enjoying the faint scent of roses there .
billy met them at the house and presented his mother a giant bouquet of roses and a box of her favorite see 's chocolate candy .
gon na make you sparkle like a rose , she slurred .
she was a pretty , dark haired girl , and she looked as fresh as a rose in her white dress .
there was a full moon out , turning the branches and leaves of the garden plants to silver , and the air was full of the drugged sweet scent of the early roses all around us , just beginning to bloom .
i had asked jem , our coachman , to meet me at the rose and crown inn .
he hired a horse and carriage for the ride from the rose and crownthat was when i met you outside the stable yard , we d just got back .
before i had left the small , rented lodgings they share over the butchers shop , i d heard all about which boys had pilfered chickens from which hen yards and which husbands were spending all their weeks wages on drink at the rose and crown and knocking their wives down when they came home .
he had heard of the theft in town from the barman at the rose and crown and come at once to pay his condolences on my aunts so - grievous loss , or so he said .
she s promised anne that she will have her glowin like a rose in full bloom before a month has gone by .
shouted the prophet , who suddenly was smelling the delicate body ointment of olive liquid mixed with roses water , that the priest had surely smeared his body with .
nefertita was walking close to yehoyada , and both were in the priests roses garden .
i enjoy the delicate smells of the roses here , said mathan .
there were ten of them , wearing white sheets , garlands of roses and olive slight brances on their heads .
as she turned the slender glass vase , the rose bud swiveled around .
the thought of breathing in all that rubbish made her hold a handkerchief in front of her face for a while , but when she went into the garden and breathed the scent from the roses growing on the wall she soon forgot about the other things flying around in the same air .
well , if you 're a romantic , why are n't you naked with a rose in your teeth ?
he approached slowly , and she held out her hand for the rose .
she looked at the rose , weighed it in her hand to get the feel of it , and looked back at patrick .
she indicated the end of the bed with the rose and slid down , pulling a pillow with her for her head .
she 's intense about her roses ; better cover them .
they covered the roses with drop cloths and tied a tarpaulin around each lilac .
bees were buzzing in the roses .
roses , as they are laid upon the casket , start to shrivel , curl up into dark scarlet lines and blackened clumps as the bitter , harsh , dry december cold transforms them quickly into rose crystals .
with roses in their hands and cold white snow on their feet , all had placed their hearts upon the open grave .
although they ve been living in the bread and roses commune , aaren has kept her distance from the clique of earth mothers who spend their time talking about gardens and herbs , giving one another massages andfools ! exploring erotic rituals for nonviolent sexuality .
her hair is long the way he likes , set with a twist of two roses of sharon : one lavender , a delicate pale bluish purple , the other almost pure vanilla white , a touch creamy , pinned by mom over her right ear while sharing tea just after breakfast .
the master bedroom held a magnificent four - poster bed with tudor roses carved in the central panes of the head and footboards .
as the priest slammed the door behind him , the figure sighed floating back to the bed , but it was not the new magnificent four - poster bed now installed , but a smaller older one , with roses carved around the aged posts .
' ca n't you smell it , decayed roses and something else - faeaces ? '
smoothing down the white muslin embroidered with white silk roses , muriall frowned , ' why does it all have to be white or pink ?
following the bellhops , jessie and dinah walked past roses rambling over the balustrades of stone patios leading to the colonnaded portico , heavy with the scents of honeysuckle and jasmine .
a female voice sang of love and roses , of yearning and return to the beloved land .
where was the roses ?
` ` without knowing the color of dress you would be wearing , i fell back on traditional roses , calculating they would go with most any color .
i hope you like roses . ''
i seriously doubt if there is a woman alive who does n't love roses .
white roses , they 're absolutely beautiful .
henry apologized , taking the corsage and deftly slipping the fingers of his left hand under the neckline of her dress while accepting one pin at a time , fastening roses to the left side of rita 's dress .
` ` a most fitting trio , you , your dress and the roses all go together very beautifully . ''
` ` with the pretty roses he gave you , it 's amazingly early for you to be getting home and looking so disgustingly sanitary .
she was just a little thing , only about 15 years old and pretty as a rose .
her roses were never plagued with aphids ; her garden never had weevils or hornworms or any other infestations .
there s a thorn on the rose , if you know what i mean .
theormi gripped khufus shoulders and herded him far from the roses .
upon his command , a procession of servants collected and carried from the greenhouse into his suite bunches of pink roses , yellow - centered daisies , red poppies and the blue lotus .
piye said , you bear the grace of a rose , the softness of moss .
i got all these flowers there , wild roses and cornflowers , on the roof .
is the sky a field of wild roses ?
does the sky even curve like a rose petal ?
the pair stopped at the roses .
after a moment , she passed a rose under his nose and he breathed in the fragrance .
the rose was from the second bush .
one that left an impression on me was the story of richard the iii and the war of roses .
me missus wants roses trimmed , an weeds dug .
a red rose is just as beautiful as a white rose or a yellow rose and it smells just as sweet .
a red rose is just as beautiful as a white rose or a yellow rose and it smells just as sweet .
mr . emerson he sees only the rose .
i believe i just saw the rose , delilah .
brother martin could smell roses mixed with geranium .
the candles smelled like flowers as the monks mixed rose and geranium mixed with olive oil into the wax .
he could see a rose growing in the desert of egypt in her mystical brown eyes .
the courtyard was filled with the smell of roses .
the masks and costumes filled the streets of saint peter like leaves of roses flowing down the river .
it was sparse and winter - bare , with only a few low - growing herbs planted in square beds , and several dormant roses spaced precisely apart along the fence .
he handed me a little white one with pink roses made of frosting and plum curd in the middle .
it all had the affect of a subtle garden , where the roses still gather , in spite of their many thorns to make an elegant bouquet .
even the pale pink wallpaper with rose colored flowers did not highlight the flush in her cheeks as it had so many times before .
as aunt melly walked them to their own home , they began a cheerful song of ring around the roses and aunt melly did not stop them until just before they entered the house .
beneath each window grew rose bushes yielding red roses .
fortunate for her that she had made such a resolution for when she entered the ancient norman church , she met miss currivard who bore in her arms a large bouquet of roses and ferns .
the fragrance of the red roses filled the air .
miss currivard settled her roses on a table nearby and recommended judith do the same .
her heart blossomed like a rose beneath sunshine .
i can not see it from here , my rose , your father grows old and his eyes are dim .
they will be on us in time and you must be gone with this lovely rose . '
she moved steadily from stem to stem , cutting off those that did not have the correct leaf pattern to indicate the soon growth of a rose .
she stooped for a few more stems and then found herself finished , yet did not turn , but busied herself now with smelling the roses .
she bent down and with tears threatening to come to her eyes , placed the rose that she had just cut where it overlaid the a. i am sorry .
she turned to look and he was there looking at the rose that she had lain across his little a. adrian picked it up , stood grinning , and held it up toward her .
they were full and red as roses and set beneath them was a lovely chin .
straight ahead was a shiny new jukebox with colored lights flashing and from its speakers bobby vinton was moaning over the verses of roses are red .
her cheeks were blooming with a delicate shade of rose , her eyes widening in surprise as she caught her lower lip in her teeth in what appeared to be a show of anxiety .
they were no longer bee stung from his earlier kisses , but their color , the color of his favorite pink roses in his mothers rose garden , captivated him , stealing all rational thought .
the melodious songs pinched his ears like the thorns of rose .
i am a gardener in his palace sir , habib started his story , yesterday there were beautiful roses in the garden .
i plucked some roses and made a beautiful bouquet for mehr ; sher afghans begum .
its straight forward for rose and meg ; they re engaged to miners .
there were mothers from the school holding the hands of their children and girls she knew who were in roses choir .
the delegation of grocers and other businessmen , including roses father , mr . brady , sat uneasily at the table .
other demonstrators could be heard before they were seen and in the melee were the voices of rose and bessie , who had travelled early to be at the first demonstration of the day .
she dismissed roses comment .
may your path be strewn with roses and a laurel placed upon your head for saving us all from such a dragon .
and look , you re so pig - headed about things that poor little rose wo nt even say a word to contradict you .
lets hope all three of these men understand why you had to take over the ranch and are as grateful to you for what you ve done as rose and i are .
but this was simply roses way of thinking about things .
cornell would never accuse rose of disloyalty or foolishness , because rose would never tell cornell her real plans .
violet did nt like being forced to count on rose but the three sisters had to form a united front against cornell to bring this triple marriage to fruition .
she preferred iriss rebelliousness to roses bland , empty submission .
somewhere in the back of her mind , violet recognized even then a fundamental similarity between rose and jake .
i suppose rose showed you , jake .
violet stole a glance across the table and spied jake gazing at rose again , but rose kept her eyes down on the table in front of her .
roses bloomed in his cheeks and vitality crackled in his green eyes .
it looks like the rose necklace that i have heard so many tales about my grandmother dianas red rose necklace .
he knew that the red rose was her favorite flower , so he had a necklace made with red roses all around it so that she would remember how much he loved her , while he was away .
oh , jaimie take the rose necklace .
looking in the water where the rose necklace and all of the treasure had been found , they notice a rock path leading to the cave .
and on this cloud was a rose proudly standing , tall and straight as if to say , i m alright it was so spectacular .
if you stand in front of the statue and turn the rose that she is holding to the right , a drawer will open just below her feet .
diana puts out her hand and rests it on the rose .
moving the rose to the right , a drawer opens up from the base , under the statues feet .
he sang ' the rose of the hills ' , the ancient battle song of the north .
a complete rose garden , and the scents from their roses , she rolled her eyes with a smile as we ascended the grand staircase to the second floor and our room .
i '' ` ` the red of the rose is a lover 's hue , yet my eyes are besotted when i look at you .
she s niver saw a rose in ony back court in brigton and ah dinnae think she s ever been in spittin distance o anybody as exotic as carolina .
their second wedding took place in the luminous warmth of an early summer night at jennifers house , a victorian - era home where the rose - filled backyard glowed with white christmas lights , candles and incense burning all around .
and the roses for the dining room were yellow , not pink as mama had ordered .
the miscellaneous baskets of the first day gave way to blue salvia and tea roses the second , wrapped in ivy and ferns .
the bouquet of white roses and daisies on the fifth day had the usual ivy and ferns , but sprigs of myrtle and rosemary had been added , and after that , the flowers changed every day but they always came with ivy , ferns , myrtle , and rosemary .
on the next day , she was hovering in the hall when the yellow roses arrived .
minerva , sure her smile was beyond fatuous , pretended to sniff the roses until she could school her face to calm again .
he sent blue salvia and tea roses first ; that s you occupy my thoughts , always .
he sent white roses and daisies on the day he added the myrtle and rosemary .
white roses and daisies are both for innocence .
then yellow roses for friendship and caring ; i care for you and wish to have your friendship .
buds of moss roses with lily of the valley .
its the christmas roses for tomorrow , sir ?
this morning , it had been damask roses and stephanotis , plus a large pot of honey .
according to mama , christmas roses and asters with sprays of mimosa meant my concealed love is now disclosed .
blue salvia , irises and yellow roses meant i think of you , miss you , and long for your friendship to mama .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
the cross hanging on the back wall had been carved by william just last year , and the near - perfect roses curling around its joints were heartwarmingly beautiful .
why would you , a fresh and lovely rose of eighteen , want me , a worn out man who is almost twice your age ?
sometimes i think we have got too busy to stop and smell the roses .
the body language of the pair as they stood before the altar suggested combatants rather than lovers , prompting one guest to nudge his partner , nod towards them , and whisper , bloody war of roses all over again the couple barely smiled during the vows , pecked at each others cheek at the end , and sat stolidly at the celebrations in silence .
they had some more of the wine then , and lazed on the couches watching the sky slowly turn from deep blue to a hazy rose pink , darkening to purple like a bruise .
she bloomed , as roses do in a late summer .
long bleached hours , melancholy like the smell of dried roses .
though the wine had n't been warmed , it had already been mingled with water , pouring a faded rose rather than the purplish dark of the unmixed drink .
how cartier , passing by his house , which was just two blocks down geary and where he lived with his darling mama , had complimented him on the roses he was tending , at first mistaking him for the gardener since he was dressed for this task in his very oldest clothes .
carmella walked into the store , with her smell of roses and sunshine .
it was just lovely , like a perfect rose , silky to his touch .
faith blushed like a rose and replied , thank you , mister davis .
for a moment roses thoughts flew like bees buzzing around in a glass jar .
her husband was twenty - seven years her senior and only took her as his wife to repay an old debt to roses father .
i have another rose lifted another scene with stella gawking at the window , her skirts up to her knees and bent over the palm plant .
rose gathered her roses into a large woven grass basket made by the locals .
portia said the words so kindly , roses eyes watered .
stella said as soon as rose appeared in the drawing room .
grateful , roses nerves settled .
rose guessed her maid was just as pleased to serve another as rose was .
mr . mcguire came for his wife , politely disengaging her from roses company and flew away with her .
lily flew on those long legs of hers and by the time roses heart stopped beating so fast , she had the letter in her hand .
rose settled on a settee near the roses out of the way and slowly opened the note .
would you mind ever so much to pick a small nosegay of pink roses for dinner this evening ?
pulling in a deep breath , the gentle fragrance from the roses lifting her spirits , she ended her foolishness and unfolded the letter and read .
soft blues and crmes , soft greens with rose and tan .
portia knocked at roses door then ran back downstairs and called for lily .
colors filled her eyes , pink and red roses , dark pink and white azalea , white daisies , their tops waving in the breeze .
she pushed roses back gently .
lily and portia started their task and rose got up and went downstairs .
she smoothed the counterpane and straightened the pillows on roses bed , knowing shed be alone without father , mother , nor husband .
thomas , emmanuel and lily stood back with rose , all three with their hands on their hips and declared it finished except for the red cranberry string , provided they could get them , and the popcorn string which could be finished in two or three evenings .
soon , to roses delight mrs . jamison learned that captain lovells small house was willed to her to sell or use in any way she deemed appropriate to secure income for jamisons orphanage .
portia set him straight the third day , when she gave him roses message .
her downcast eyes hurt roses heart .
portia took the child in hand and helped her out of her clothes and into one of roses soft flannel gowns and tucked her in .
lily nearly ran into rose as she dashed by the lemon bush .
she gushed and grabbed roses elbow .
for by her appearance rose would have guessed her to be at the top rung of society echelon .
she seemed surprised , rose noted .
ava nodded , but with trepidation rose noted .
chapter 40 roses mind began to work .
the young girl looked like rose felt .
come on rose , take dis child and wrap her up good now .
even though the door was shut the sounds of matilda janes sobs lingered in roses ears .
he could feel ireland roses breath on his cheek .
no rose straightened her back .
matilda jane looked up and away and then back at rose .
finally portia came out from under the tree and had herself a good cry in roses arms .
the goodbyes had taken so long rose wondered that captain rileys men had nt driven off without her .
carolina jane lay heavy in her arms as rose made her way down the gangplank , concentrating on each step .
when cj looked at her rose saw the blue eyes noticed she was sad .
he offered and without waiting lifted her from roses shoulder .
she put her face in roses neck shyly .
soon shell be walking , i m sure of it ava looked at rose , who had lost her ability to finish her sentence .
she was nt indifferent rose knew , just could nt see someone she loved leave .
but early the next morning he was banging on roses door .
then you turn toward the butte and go until you see a patch of wild roses .
marigold quickly looked away so he would nt see the roses she could feel blooming in her cheeks .
on the beautiful antique bureau just to the left of the doorway there was a vase of blooming red roses with a note next to them .
magically appearing red roses .
i sat there , gulping for breath , looking down the bright passageway , at my peeling white walls and the grand plaster roses of the ceiling .
that night around three in the morning we were awakened by ` ` welcome to the jungle '' by guns n roses .
guns n roses welcome to the jungle was on .
she walked through the garden , past the roses and the peach tree .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
six six six - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 six six six 438 the 265 and 205 a 146 of 114 he 106 to 98 she 97 in 95 her 88 his 80 i 75 was 54 on 54 it 52 you 49 that 44 with 37 for 34 as 34 said 30 from 29 at 28 into 26 not 25 were 25 this 25 my 23 what 22 me 22 one 21 him 21 is 21 like 18 i ' m 18 had 18 but 17 or 17 your 17 so 17 light 17 when 16 over 16 through 15 by 15 would 15 pop 15 did n't 15 room 14 an 14 there 14 house 14 it 's 13 no 13 did 13 glass 13 they 13 them 12 do n't 12 if 12 off 12 all 12 black 12 then 12 do 12 out 11 something 11 wine 11 made 11 karl 11 thought 11 across 11 see 11 door 10 he 'd 10 back 10 father 10 eyes 10 she 's 10 carling 10 around 9 get 9 was n't 9 its 9 than 9 why 9 another 9 got 8 that 's 8 under 8 we 8 after 8 more 8 toward 8 up 8 magic 8 family 8 about 8 face 8 here 8 put 8 while 7 even 7 better 7 set 7 hair 7 way 7 living 7 again 7 left 7 against 7 know 7 how 7 their 7 until 7 box 7 old 7 oh 7 are 7 feel 7 hand 7 window 7 ca n't 7 head 7 she 'd 7 thing 6 robe 6 table 6 could 6 want 6 who 6 away 6 just 6 went 6 you 're 6 be 6 much 6 come 6 some 6 bedroom 6 now 6 too 6 mean 6 mention 6 think 6 feet 6 down 6 long 6 floor 6 been 6 us 6 before 5 going 5 really 5 real 5 shut 5 bad 5 right 5 fire 5 never 5 dark 5 say 5 bed 5 neck 5 kind 5 there 's 5 wall 5 where 5 kitchen 5 abba 5 other 5 yeah 5 far 5 sound 5 time 5 place 5 darkness 5 have 5 talk 5 maybe 5 cold 5 trees 5 still 5 will 5 dry 5 stairs 5 day 5 called 5 tell 5 sister 4 can 4 gone 4 met 4 white 4 couch 4 go 4 hot 4 husband 4 god 4 flashlight 4 poured 4 our 4 brightened 4 came 4 someone 4 screamed 4 lying 4 upon 4 plates 4 only 4 pop 's 4 good 4 probably 4 mind 4 kids 4 parents 4 hung 4 elvira 4 well 4 air 4 man 4 hall 4 edge 4 forth 4 has 4 turned 4 grabbed 4 lay 4 hell 4 let 's 4 unless 4 wood 4 hate 4 grass 4 blue 4 record 4 sell 4 full 4 tonight 4 very 4 sat 4 six 4 satan 4 whiskey 4 scary 4 space 4 phantasmagoria 4 hole 4 pale 4 yes 4 locked 4 night 4 walked 4 name 4 anything 4 brought 4 years 4 first 3 tragic 3 resembled 3 wo n't 3 people 3 breath 3 rose 3 occasion 3 foot 3 hope 3 four 3 near 3 he 's 3 little 3 those 3 brother 3 without 3 smiled 3 chair 3 sinatra 3 drawing 3 voice 3 special 3 less 3 decided 3 died 3 company 3 middle 3 cat 3 bergman 3 woods 3 i ' ve 3 seemed 3 except 3 view 3 worse 3 stood 3 is n't 3 beam 3 baby 3 being 3 windows 3 walls 3 best 3 also 3 fear 3 tripod 3 field 3 yard 3 would n't 3 filled 3 lamp 3 clouds 3 lot 3 began 3 returned 3 trying 3 breast 3 guts 3 should 3 hunted 3 kissed 3 does 3 everything 3 mom 3 red 3 car 3 itself 3 nailed 3 drummer 3 bag 3 every 3 terrible 3 case 3 ago 3 dead 3 together 3 handful 3 stared 3 home 3 large 3 belt 3 took 3 might 3 second 3 work 3 two 3 smile 3 let 3 fireplace 3 nice 3 lanterns 3 tight 3 became 3 i 'd 3 handle 3 hook 3 deep 3 branches 3 between 3 fake 3 because 3 idea 3 dust 3 used 3 point 3 does n't 3 drank 3 game 3 low 3 take 3 fell 3 either 3 tried 3 leave 3 along 3 lantern 2 dropped 2 trust 2 favorite 2 matter 2 ran 2 goddamned 2 return 2 drunk 2 stone 2 keep 2 panel 2 fetched 2 arms 2 pile 2 holding 2 yellow 2 country 2 poison 2 realizing 2 cabinet 2 both 2 lest 2 wet 2 doing 2 candles 2 third 2 joel 2 haunted 2 beams 2 revealing 2 dad 2 plain 2 late 2 we 'll 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 lane 2 tools 2 sea 2 tie 2 player 2 popped 2 lips 2 shelter 2 billy 2 series 2 bloody 2 swept 2 beyond 2 von 2 months 2 helicopter 2 later 2 metal 2 iron 2 gave 2 balcony 2 features 2 depressed 2 notice 2 motion 2 end 2 pictures 2 cork 2 continued 2 ankle 2 order 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 fan 2 scream 2 ringo 2 sure 2 new 2 hooks 2 swirled 2 sweet 2 fence 2 look 2 hat 2 shrieking 2 part 2 knows 2 tomb 2 making 2 heard 2 ovals 2 skull 2 last 2 next 2 devil 2 make 2 big 2 shoulders 2 leaving 2 liked 2 pasta 2 mist 2 film 2 liquor 2 else 2 inside 2 steady 2 rapidly 2 escape 2 bat 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 hallway 2 glanced 2 nobody 2 forest 2 loved 2 have n't 2 crazy 2 office 2 none 2 world 2 give 2 funeral 2 beware 2 clicked 2 divan 2 pea 2 crashed 2 damp 2 broom 2 opinions 2 such 2 chuckled 2 played 2 guess 2 exception 2 floated 2 teeth 2 showed 2 globe 2 misc 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 library 2 we 'd 2 masks 2 ice 2 notion 2 reunion 2 above 2 bastard 2 play 2 clockmaker 2 figures 2 knew 2 warped 2 flesh 2 naked 2 snakes 2 market 2 front 2 things 2 police 2 few 2 hip 2 word 2 city 2 monsters 2 nothing 2 quilt 2 slipped 2 business 2 might ' ve 2 mine 2 wrapped 2 fingers 2 below 2 during 2 drink 2 faint 2 steel 2 open 2 childhood 2 dog 2 easily 2 comes 2 whatever 2 rippled 2 arranged 2 township 2 crowbar 2 moment 2 arm 2 mouth 2 we 're 2 lean 2 blow 2 truly 2 had n't 2 thick 2 twisting 2 couple 2 sense 2 built 2 separated 2 rested 2 several 2 rest 2 sing 2 water 2 talked 2 footsteps 2 love 2 terror 2 vistas 2 each 2 hatchet 2 reality 2 pieces 2 half 2 block 2 rooms 2 fluttered 2 jumped 2 witch 2 wind 2 quite 2 curtains 2 stopped 2 lunatic 2 collected 2 vacation 2 thus 2 hour 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 spread 2 yet 2 dinner 2 bolted 2 kill 2 looked 2 stale 2 needle 2 faces 2 faded 2 dunno 2 peeked 2 appeared 2 backward 2 wooden 2 always 2 watched 2 toe 2 led 2 weird 2 level 2 decade 2 spring 2 empty 2 hearth 2 mother 2 guy 2 pentagram 2 nor 2 beneath 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 could n't 2 skipped 2 murderous 2 which 2 small 2 click 2 sort 2 dozen 2 held 2 minute 2 finally 2 try 2 once 2 cursed 2 vermin 2 sandals 2 these 2 ate 2 closer 2 blank 2 helped 2 looking 2 glasses 2 bought 2 floorboards 2 party 2 remained 2 counter 2 times 2 pair 2 saw 1 descended 1 taken 1 nearest 1 colorado 1 strained 1 twenty 1 wait 1 visage 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 cool 1 farther 1 slung 1 everyone 1 lies 1 muck 1 owned 1 guest 1 source 1 local 1 sink 1 squatted 1 education 1 growl 1 truck 1 muybridge 1 show 1 viennese 1 wheel 1 danced 1 flushing 1 figured 1 gather 1 serious 1 grievances 1 micro - scope 1 stirring 1 multi - paned 1 final 1 already 1 occulted 1 ghost 1 inserted 1 danger 1 vigorously 1 tramp 1 heavily 1 wad 1 specters 1 kneeling 1 evening 1 commence 1 owner 1 happy 1 nest 1 sweaty 1 whenever 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 reflection 1 wiring 1 smacked 1 fridge 1 thunderclaps 1 antiquarians 1 wonder 1 missed 1 narrowed 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 dared 1 black - trunked 1 anticipate 1 survey 1 doll 1 dragged 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 blocked 1 eventually 1 rushing 1 1890 1 bordered 1 motes 1 vista 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 sobbing 1 aunts 1 object 1 sticks 1 telescoped 1 morphed 1 folks 1 casting 1 behind 1 planning 1 splintered 1 ashes 1 edges 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 honeymoon 1 frightful 1 eighteenth 1 foreign 1 collectors 1 rather 1 stuff 1 cute 1 whitewashed 1 volume 1 draft 1 distorted 1 bottles 1 save 1 gripping 1 who 'd 1 area 1 groan 1 gets 1 today 1 charming 1 downshifted 1 card 1 sick 1 creepers 1 clan 1 peculiarly 1 psychos 1 meat 1 affected 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 eccentricity 1 artists 1 bejeezus 1 decayed 1 simple 1 purchased 1 furniture 1 foiled 1 beach 1 deadly 1 shimmered 1 worn 1 walkway 1 disjointed 1 draught 1 apocalyptic 1 silent 1 twitched 1 shine 1 many 1 fat 1 bare 1 orange 1 surprised 1 wanting 1 slate 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 act 1 silhouette 1 how 's 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 thrown 1 stooped 1 withered 1 uh - oh 1 hock 1 damn 1 shows 1 ripped 1 artificiality 1 carrion 1 ingmar 1 emanated 1 damned 1 menial 1 wow 1 angular 1 variety 1 wedding 1 switch 1 illegible 1 confessional 1 qualities 1 ironic 1 unsteady 1 cough 1 dirty 1 frail 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 wan 1 shaken 1 squalls 1 kept 1 bold 1 austere 1 trail 1 past 1 split 1 jack 1 canopy 1 passed 1 framed 1 emotionally 1 shit 1 proportions 1 button 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 prophetic 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 yonder 1 scaring 1 moments 1 hacking 1 zone 1 crouched 1 visualized 1 forgotten 1 soon 1 records 1 voila 1 solar 1 panoply 1 great 1 strips 1 surprisingly 1 pecking 1 follow 1 strength 1 sticky 1 cells 1 saturday 1 everybody 's 1 whistled 1 intend 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 wavered 1 remoteness 1 chest 1 interested 1 shadows 1 condo 1 victims 1 putting 1 eternal 1 pissing 1 takes 1 child 1 onto 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 light - play 1 unflappable 1 send 1 cautiously 1 collaborated 1 eyes ' 1 patricians 1 vulgar 1 capered 1 nose 1 fathers 1 tripped 1 wide 1 leisurely 1 seated 1 start 1 bone 1 cutting 1 snaring 1 house 's 1 intertwined 1 timbers 1 shiver 1 actually 1 packing 1 leaning 1 shed 1 money 1 anyone 1 sugarplum 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 suck 1 corrugated 1 hoped 1 beat 1 strolls 1 sydow 1 rats 1 carve 1 ten 1 secretive 1 curious 1 amazing 1 sydow 's 1 regarding 1 blob 1 ceiling 1 report 1 monster 1 most 1 settee 1 hundreds 1 tops 1 emoting 1 panes 1 rust 1 repatriate 1 stead 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 reveals 1 bible - thumping 1 shapes 1 kin 1 village 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 offed 1 kicks 1 swede 1 sorts 1 neither 1 survived 1 clambering 1 braced 1 fact 1 seen 1 shocked 1 cats 1 stayed 1 rim 1 sloppy 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 confused 1 strong 1 forests 1 mother 's 1 master 1 baring 1 lemonade 1 refilled 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 max 1 father 's 1 arguing 1 magistrate 's 1 kiddo 1 kittens 1 keepsake 1 flat 1 slime 1 farmers 1 fly 1 facsimile 1 narrowly 1 behold 1 tall 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 smash 1 unfortunately 1 stuck 1 hookers 1 value 1 cast 1 hinting 1 hit 1 crowd 1 uh 1 puff 1 hanging 1 departed 1 shimmering 1 grew 1 portals 1 rat 1 launched 1 sophisticated 1 floor - a 1 robes 1 impression 1 growled 1 ones 1 wake 1 non 1 certainly 1 ceilings 1 music 1 playing 1 occupation 1 hiding 1 tomorrow 1 flickered 1 resisted 1 busy 1 heir 1 disliked 1 forced 1 focus 1 son 's 1 keen 1 eave 1 discuss 1 jittery 1 selling 1 acceded 1 pursed 1 sighed 1 somebody 1 cluttered 1 laughing 1 satellite 1 stowed 1 familial 1 ritual 1 reconstituted 1 shift 1 sweden 1 war - rant 1 older 1 ties 1 break 1 course 1 paved 1 frighten 1 farm - style 1 steamed 1 realtor 1 shone 1 sounded 1 funny 1 lepers 1 outlawed 1 specific 1 design 1 demons 1 enemies 1 theatrical 1 components 1 whirred 1 shattered 1 occurred 1 torments 1 blurred 1 muttered 1 worthy 1 swamp 1 visiting 1 bitchy 1 okay 1 corroded 1 entered 1 stir 1 tomes 1 manner 1 claymation 1 fractured 1 buzz 1 wanted 1 soft 1 economy 1 unpacked 1 movements 1 curve 1 sucker 1 abutted 1 earnest 1 dissolving 1 facet 1 adjustments 1 sex 1 landscapes 1 sharp 1 gang 1 abstracted 1 bikers 1 followed 1 unhappily 1 fascination 1 chivalric 1 strange 1 dragging 1 peered 1 cellar 1 erratic 1 bunny 1 insurance 1 obsessed 1 stabs 1 garbled 1 flashed 1 tinfoil 1 marker 1 tidily 1 demesne 1 latch 1 cherished 1 cops 1 form 1 murk 1 biker 1 grata 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 easter 1 patriarchal 1 lie 1 obsession 1 overwhelming 1 pact 1 bombshell 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 hers 1 immediate 1 sympathetic 1 relieved 1 moonlight 1 fooling 1 raced 1 cottages 1 jesus 1 inhabiting 1 hard 1 knock 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 cheese 1 flickering 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 brandy 1 starts 1 hospitable 1 loped 1 waited 1 lazily 1 maw 1 pollen 1 aloud 1 slowly 1 contemplated 1 tumble 1 ponderous 1 blackened 1 question 1 psychotic 1 carried 1 dimmer 1 to - do 1 lennon 1 bled 1 spit 1 spike 1 cancer 1 stranger 1 folded 1 reaching 1 coat 1 documented 1 grainy 1 overlook 1 gears 1 assume 1 throbbed 1 bears 1 retreating 1 especially 1 ha 1 standing 1 cut 1 broach 1 rush 1 plugged 1 easy 1 coming 1 europe 1 rica 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 demonic 1 paralysis 1 panted 1 lake 1 dial 1 packed 1 french 1 likes 1 sap 1 nut 1 plumb 1 pain 1 thorny 1 lenses 1 somebody 's 1 cowl 1 toothy 1 ancient 1 container 1 too - full 1 fun 1 perceptions 1 deer 1 combining 1 attic 1 adjusting 1 computer 1 patch 1 fairytale 1 convenience 1 illumination 1 instantly 1 you 'll 1 personality 1 twice 1 ghoulish 1 cracking 1 ancestral 1 autograph 1 bulged 1 brunkert 1 flies 1 planks 1 dirt 1 cry 1 string 1 offload 1 labored 1 curse 1 renaissance 1 filmed 1 tin 1 diarrhea 1 days 1 rudimentary 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 throat 1 tying 1 cagey 1 honestly 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 vinyl 1 turnip 1 use 1 sealed 1 week 1 switched 1 curtain 1 honeybunch 1 minutes 1 commute 1 panels 1 porch 1 remade 1 dropcloth 1 pine 1 distant 1 sundown 1 daggers 1 spontaneous 1 rare 1 altering 1 safe 1 feral 1 outburst 1 pointed 1 chin 1 thicker 1 heated 1 hoarse 1 freezer 1 rail 1 nodded 1 efficiency 1 daytona 1 nearby 1 bet 1 uncles 1 range 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 perhaps 1 amidst 1 perspective 1 reinforced 1 help 1 thin 1 gamboled 1 snow 1 noise 1 performances 1 cruel 1 eldest 1 cozy 1 sinewy 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 insight 1 studied 1 cracked 1 churned 1 bit 1 grasp 1 oozing 1 claw 1 lots 1 peasant 1 wriggled 1 thank 1 pseudo - leather 1 worked 1 slackened 1 check 1 beauty 1 laundry 1 nature 1 eye 1 effing 1 vomited 1 partially 1 surging 1 top 1 afternoon 1 bunch 1 jagged 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 told 1 york 1 visions 1 famous 1 gym 1 collapse 1 promised 1 putrefying 1 snagged 1 spider 1 liquid 1 heads 1 snuffed 1 interest 1 poor 1 cobwebs 1 tea 1 trailed 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 quantum 1 settlement 1 ghouls 1 passion 1 era 1 stroked 1 atop 1 dearly 1 reformed 1 slide 1 whipping 1 bulky 1 mesmerizing 1 slug 1 grief 1 furnace 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 lonesome 1 sputtered 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 need 1 persist 1 swear 1 oval 1 yanks 1 maggots 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 center 1 spiked 1 laugh 1 playful 1 powered 1 eyeballs 1 trunk 1 wiped 1 power 1 pound 1 although 1 girl 1 wondered 1 sluice 1 plants 1 traditions 1 discos 1 bristles 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 lurking 1 forgive 1 control 1 multiplied 1 pants 1 canvas 1 shrimp 1 anyway 1 gulp 1 lightly 1 diffuse 1 deeper 1 speak 1 grade 1 recently 1 stirred 1 sad 1 lover 1 shitting 1 pastoral 1 lady 1 mock 1 whispered 1 writing 1 slightest 1 call 1 claws 1 chipped 1 comment 1 filed 1 wreck 1 dregs 1 magnified 1 knitting 1 occultist 1 screens 1 boles 1 extended 1 victorian 1 volunteered 1 stork 1 contained 1 ethereal 1 height 1 pressed 1 shoved 1 apertures 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 rig 1 arrival 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 horses 1 rambling 1 weak 1 joint 1 helping 1 thinned 1 suggest 1 thousandth 1 speck 1 great - great 1 cleaner 1 winding 1 main 1 reminded 1 somber 1 drive 1 excellent 1 somewhere 1 date 1 arch 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 vague 1 life 1 subject 1 odd 1 system 1 mirror 1 brings 1 petty 1 shifting 1 widening 1 innards 1 model 1 pushed 1 cabbages 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 stainless 1 sky 1 retrieved 1 fussing 1 jostling 1 clicking 1 brass 1 shuddered 1 ignore 1 eadweard 1 beside 1 study 1 buzzed 1 ages 1 places 1 silver 1 sailed 1 mass 1 defined 1 inappropriate 1 entertain 1 uh - uh 1 embarrassed 1 girls 1 animal 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 primitive 1 circles 1 closet 1 overhand 1 own 1 touched 1 executor 1 hamburger 1 toy 1 crawled 1 station 1 art 1 shh 1 buckets 1 clump 1 shuffled 1 seat 1 happened 1 shelters 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 run 1 mexico 1 resentment 1 hates 1 reappeared 1 answer 1 getting 1 shuttering 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 rowed 1 fucking 1 dwelt 1 aside 1 variations 1 literally 1 gulped 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 physically 1 grand 1 loathed 1 scrabbled 1 memories 1 stones 1 breeze 1 snapped 1 unlocked 1 central 1 shove 1 burned 1 overpowering 1 tykes 1 generations 1 pleased 1 rivals 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 receded 1 plate 1 cranked 1 thinking 1 plush 1 reel 1 heart 1 started 1 concession 1 america 1 exponentially 1 adjourned 1 leg 1 wishing 1 baltic 1 scarred 1 cougars 1 tipped 1 landing 1 accentuated 1 images 1 wan na 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 emerged 1 whether 1 napkin 1 three 1 paul 's 1 horror 1 clickety - click 1 movers 1 sprang 1 enjoyed 1 peeled 1 grave 1 swayed 1 1930 1 predated 1 muse 1 consternation 1 void 1 backed 1 screw 1 discover 1 towel 1 proves 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 recognized 1 bird 1 double 1 ec 1 conjuring 1 shrillness 1 crushed 1 find 1 decision 1 shadow 1 among 1 considered 1 daddy 's 1 soap 1 remind 1 crawling 1 dole 1 imagined 1 clods 1 someplace 1 ordeal 1 raging 1 happen 1 irregular 1 rule 1 long - handled 1 direction 1 skin 1 warning 1 rain 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 moon 1 exterminator 1 were n't 1 popular 1 vapor 1 lease 1 stuffed 1 alike 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 stillness 1 beaten 1 grandpa 1 dominated 1 bowed 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 suit 1 billion 1 pokers 1 blood 1 insufferably 1 weeks 1 bitchier 1 frames 1 approached 1 quality 1 vision 1 grate 1 mean - while 1 flowed 1 rotating 1 hold 1 felt 1 same 1 prying 1 loose 1 sent 1 dim 1 gloaming 1 footboard 1 snoqualmie 1 predecessors 1 born 1 shuddering 1 pissed 1 coke 1 graduated 1 ass 1 cushion 1 undefined 1 knee - high 1 arched 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 gadget 1 longstanding 1 nabbed 1 pantry 1 lives 1 flaming 1 parlor 1 conical 1 roofs 1 scuttled 1 though 1 filtered 1 secret 1 urge 1 drum 1 collar 1 pulls 1 transmogrification 1 slapping 1 wolf 1 bawling 1 romanticized 1 fantasized 1 am 1 there 'll 1 pattern 1 uptown 1 ebay 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 dangling 1 performing 1 unnerved 1 eleven 1 garbed 1 single 1 accelerating 1 since 1 mildly 1 buffaloes 1 willy - nilly 1 persona 1 swung 1 ever 1 gods 1 reclined 1 scrawled 1 dogs 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 lastly 1 county 1 touch 1 spikes 1 warn 1 spitting 1 thirty - five 1 aperture 1 actor 1 within 1 points 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 traded 1 myself 1 ready 1 echoed 1 feuds 1 shushed 1 trip 1 seeping 1 wear 1 acted 1 condition 1 scabrous 1 bored 1 covered 1 foreground 1 train 1 slap 1 trio 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 says 1 asked 1 youngest 1 articulated 1 hammer 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 nightmares 1 slightly 1 joy 1 glancing 1 beaming 1 shook 1 muddy 1 glittered 1 survival 1 leered 1 grandfather 1 assassination 1 steps 1 true 1 vent 1 sacrificial 1 etched 1 swallowed 1 argue 1 costa 1 straw 1 disintegrate 1 resembles 1 believe 1 hillock 1 moving 1 bah 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 gloom 1 paternal 1 stamping 1 firelight 1 child 's 1 secure 1 faddah 1 daylight 1 facades 1 boor 1 messages 1 relatives 1 are n't 1 fetish 1 roses 1 floating 1 bubbles 1 mary 1 step 1 titles 1 hushed 1 brushed 1 spill 1 charged 1 sibling 1 rivalry 1 machine 1 forehead 1 loop 1 shaking 1 dread 1 briefly 1 found 1 color 1 cascade 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 gents 1 vase 1 reading 1 bigger 1 repeated 1 snob 1 glow 1 sharper 1 pictured 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 shabby 1 pure 1 fifty 1 haiti 1 upbeat 1 ovens 1 paul 1 temptation 1 toddies 1 knives 1 occasions 1 contraption 1 impossible 1 husband 's 1 claimed 1 kettle 1 books 1 school 1 off - kilter 1 hospitals 1 sawing 1 lose 1 wings 1 bands 1 nubs 1 roofie 1 paint 1 vibes 1 wore 1 jibber - jabber 1 hundredth 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 dome 1 unexplained 1 gradually 1 neighbor 's 1 sang 1 noticed 1 century 1 temples 1 five 1 crank 1 list 1 projected 1 accident 1 strokes 1 section 1 desk 1 side 1 street 1 spines 1 town 1 kings 1 tasks 1 enough 1 modern 1 acid 1 knotholes 1 gold 1 unlike 1 eve 1 instant 1 reddened 1 imagery 1 unloaded 1 contorted 1 puppies 1 snore 1 vertigo 1 dealing 1 dimmed 1 shutters 1 burn 1 stomach 1 defiance 1 shop 1 inheriting 1 avoided 1 leaped 1 listen 1 punchbowl 1 foundation 1 jacket 1 spying 1 railing 1 selection 1 unwind 1 slithered 1 frowned 1 feared 1 team 1 noises 1 logs 1 high 1 h 1 quaint 1 picture 1 scene 926 .
the broadsword - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the broadsword 859 the 495 and 422 a 331 of 289 his 274 he 274 to 252 in 185 was 128 you 110 it 103 from 103 pershing 94 that 91 him 91 on 89 with 82 for 80 i 79 as 78 at 73 her 67 had 67 said 60 she 55 this 54 they 50 or 50 he 'd 50 an 47 were 47 if 47 into 44 be 43 by 41 what 40 like 39 their 39 one 37 so 37 not 36 them 35 about 34 mel 33 but 33 terry 33 through 32 when 31 more 31 wanda 30 me 30 no 29 than 29 is 28 who 27 we 27 there 27 out 26 over 26 all 26 around 25 do n't 25 been 24 got 24 two 24 then 23 your 22 would 22 its 22 back 22 come 22 how 22 made 22 did n't 22 night 21 i ' m 21 elgin 21 after 21 up 21 apartment 21 have 21 are 20 man 20 my 20 himself 20 while 18 could 18 do 18 which 17 pershing 's 17 away 17 just 17 went 17 off 17 old 16 some 16 other 16 too 16 few 16 these 15 now 15 until 15 face 15 thought 15 hand 14 even 14 behind 14 broadsword 14 hell 14 black 14 own 14 long 14 it 's 14 years 14 room 13 better 13 dark 13 gave 13 did 13 left 13 know 13 well 13 stood 13 time 13 oh 13 down 13 here 13 day 13 head 12 going 12 get 12 right 12 was n't 12 came 12 seen 12 only 12 make 12 every 12 maybe 12 light 12 detective 12 called 12 see 12 before 11 something 11 much 11 days 11 told 11 girl 11 had n't 11 lived 11 heart 11 water 11 three 11 put 11 tell 11 door 11 anything 11 along 10 that 's 10 near 10 little 10 you 're 10 any 10 where 10 heard 10 wanted 10 should 10 hours 10 eyes 10 wanda 's 10 vent 10 could n't 10 across 9 gone 9 people 9 eric 9 many 9 say 9 woman 9 shadows 9 woods 9 mind 9 place 9 men 9 person 9 house 9 morning 9 home 9 couple 9 took 9 several 9 yet 9 ever 9 saw 9 first 8 really 8 dennard 8 go 8 we 'll 8 talking 8 way 8 our 8 smiled 8 upon 8 last 8 against 8 inside 8 why 8 another 8 such 8 hotel 8 klecko 8 lay 8 hopkins 8 gina 8 drink 8 hands 8 cabin 8 will 8 i 'll 8 felt 8 because 8 wife 8 ask 8 take 8 window 8 she 'd 7 can 7 never 7 neck 7 end 7 someone 7 sure 7 wall 7 good 7 least 7 almost 7 toward 7 mr 7 glass 7 terry 's 7 sound 7 phone 7 bottle 7 bit 7 knew 7 red 7 during 7 darkness 7 life 7 moment 7 heat 7 dead 7 stared 7 second 7 love 7 find 7 trees 7 skin 7 friend 7 asked 7 done 7 small 7 weather 7 walked 7 five 7 enough 7 thing 6 danger 6 building 6 table 6 set 6 bad 6 stuff 6 late 6 fire 6 wine 6 hair 6 orange 6 wrong 6 those 6 months 6 turn 6 soon 6 living 6 superintendent 6 most 6 there 's 6 somebody 6 i ' ve 6 office 6 yeah 6 none 6 being 6 hard 6 fear 6 coming 6 minutes 6 brain 6 grinned 6 moved 6 pop 6 afternoon 6 certain 6 things 6 police 6 think 6 nothing 6 everything 6 mom 6 although 6 below 6 feet 6 arm 6 family 6 mouth 6 sense 6 rest 6 might 6 jimmy 6 ordbecker 6 quite 6 walker 6 blood 6 weeks 6 children 6 always 6 lost 6 watched 6 within 6 dressed 6 dreams 6 she 's 6 school 6 either 6 closer 6 us 5 drunk 5 real 5 elgin 's 5 tree 5 hot 5 who 'd 5 watching 5 damn 5 they 'd 5 later 5 kept 5 under 5 bed 5 great 5 child 5 new 5 sugar 5 voice 5 actually 5 anyone 5 relationship 5 hat 5 big 5 else 5 course 5 kids 5 gloria 5 percy 5 except 5 nobody 5 is n't 5 air 5 cops 5 chuckled 5 hills 5 turned 5 week 5 clouds 5 lights 5 outside 5 young 5 car 5 whispered 5 open 5 pack 5 odd 5 system 5 care 5 visit 5 together 5 cold 5 distance 5 frame 5 laughter 5 feel 5 started 5 sly 5 became 5 sweat 5 broke 5 between 5 dinner 5 body 5 appeared 5 shook 5 darkened 5 laughed 5 found 5 dozen 5 finally 5 killed 5 floor 5 noticed 5 side 5 name 5 glasses 5 mark 5 pair 5 high 4 dropped 4 everyone 4 owned 4 depths 4 hear 4 figured 4 saying 4 met 4 white 4 sleep 4 eventually 4 shut 4 prior 4 couch 4 want 4 tenants 4 ethel 4 four 4 tools 4 coffee 4 god 4 alone 4 questions 4 beyond 4 past 4 passed 4 conversation 4 order 4 kind 4 pretty 4 needed 4 screamed 4 acquired 4 ceiling 4 fact 4 sometimes 4 meet 4 state 4 decided 4 next 4 died 4 hit 4 worry 4 passing 4 recorder 4 clothes 4 seemed 4 soft 4 bedroom 4 meant 4 lisa 4 baby 4 give 4 managed 4 girlfriend 4 best 4 damp 4 camp 4 caused 4 played 4 edge 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 despite 4 porch 4 box 4 spent 4 trying 4 figures 4 flesh 4 eye 4 fine 4 watch 4 meanwhile 4 line 4 furnace 4 olympia 4 vents 4 working 4 lighted 4 let 's 4 surveying 4 forms 4 whatever 4 bowl 4 yards 4 purple 4 happened 4 leaves 4 work 4 stories 4 hearing 4 half 4 kid 4 let 4 shadow 4 still 4 wind 4 rain 4 usually 4 stars 4 sat 4 sun 4 thus 4 others 4 spread 4 friends 4 gesture 4 faces 4 hole 4 since 4 television 4 knees 4 corner 4 slightly 4 true 4 unpleasant 4 scared 4 beneath 4 reached 4 quickly 4 moving 4 nearly 4 held 4 heavy 4 peace 4 tried 4 stage 4 remained 4 times 3 married 3 immediately 3 p 3 stone 3 rose 3 rocks 3 soda 3 happy 3 milk 3 green 3 job 3 organic 3 freeman 3 dragged 3 eating 3 relief 3 valley 3 doing 3 third 3 monday 3 boy 3 area 3 booze 3 affected 3 rolled 3 listened 3 he 's 3 lips 3 college 3 cheek 3 man 's 3 suggested 3 kinda 3 dear 3 understand 3 preferred 3 move 3 brother 3 without 3 manticore 3 fan 3 birthday 3 composed 3 rattled 3 start 3 bone 3 father 3 money 3 ten 3 september 3 look 3 mountains 3 again 3 means 3 119 3 west 3 lemonade 3 probably 3 custodian 3 sarah 3 hiking 3 pete 3 cast 3 company 3 m 3 middle 3 grew 3 younger 3 playing 3 missing 3 drinks 3 older 3 break 3 glanced 3 what 's 3 forest 3 have n't 3 crazy 3 dishes 3 strange 3 leaned 3 figure 3 windows 3 sneaking 3 jesus 3 waited 3 event 3 question 3 also 3 realized 3 field 3 forth 3 human 3 dirt 3 closed 3 showed 3 has 3 marina 3 meter 3 guys 3 use 3 star 3 fellow 3 mean 3 bushes 3 search 3 learned 3 stumbling 3 worked 3 situation 3 stretch 3 top 3 directly 3 waiting 3 yourself 3 word 3 sports 3 need 3 does 3 thankfully 3 cup 3 threw 3 regina 3 tears 3 itself 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 lady 3 call 3 singing 3 talk 3 post 3 wished 3 climbed 3 weak 3 chatting 3 static 3 spooked 3 case 3 silver 3 shoe 3 we 're 3 battered 3 formed 3 closet 3 touched 3 operation 3 station 3 wound 3 mel 's 3 getting 3 connie 3 waved 3 tales 3 large 3 memory 3 become 3 betsy 3 downtown 3 enjoyed 3 each 3 smile 3 close 3 however 3 allowed 3 muscles 3 imagined 3 tonight 3 knocked 3 joints 3 very 3 nonetheless 3 problem 3 wilderness 3 blanket 3 stopped 3 deep 3 six 3 remembered 3 often 3 bright 3 described 3 same 3 named 3 dim 3 you ' ve 3 smelled 3 ordbeckers 3 attack 3 beer 3 pulled 3 gods 3 pretending 3 chop 3 touch 3 cared 3 shoulder 3 got ta 3 used 3 story 3 looks 3 served 3 gloom 3 sign 3 spy 3 dread 3 drank 3 clear 3 books 3 bobby 3 fell 3 surrounded 3 once 3 wore 3 fog 3 headed 3 leave 3 meager 3 massive 3 desk 3 short 3 sleeping 3 brought 3 remain 3 checked 3 anne 2 boxers 2 zipped 2 interview 2 super 2 wild 2 wait 2 share 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 matter 2 tables 2 wo n't 2 trouble 2 local 2 suspicion 2 whom 2 show 2 1973 2 return 2 serious 2 keep 2 supply 2 spend 2 already 2 thanked 2 ghost 2 dripped 2 heavily 2 stains 2 psychic 2 evening 2 whistling 2 allegedly 2 owner 2 yellow 2 seconds 2 radiated 2 country 2 flared 2 degenerated 2 expression 2 wonder 2 considering 2 bring 2 parties 2 both 2 regular 2 mumble 2 tumbled 2 haunted 2 stygian 2 dad 2 restaurant 2 rather 2 age 2 there 'd 2 volume 2 bottles 2 key 2 save 2 experiences 2 bath 2 husband 2 2 2 doubt - less 2 card 2 thursday 2 moss 2 whispering 2 primordial 2 meat 2 experience 2 entire 2 plastic 2 erased 2 depot 2 hill 2 dream 2 woke 2 murmured 2 church 2 pulsed 2 crap 2 emanated 2 running 2 switch 2 swept 2 grasped 2 weirdoes 2 picked 2 stiff 2 mysterious 2 clearing 2 possible 2 metal 2 poured 2 split 2 jack 2 anxiety 2 sweetie 2 dusty 2 goes 2 buildings 2 radio 2 accepted 2 department 2 brightened 2 suspected 2 sticky 2 attracted 2 drinker 2 chair 2 narrow 2 following 2 sorry 2 definitely 2 they 're 2 gleamed 2 interested 2 grown 2 onto 2 fissure 2 whole 2 expensive 2 finger 2 would ' ve 2 occasional 2 voices 2 grimy 2 giggled 2 antique 2 forward 2 floors 2 hoped 2 flicked 2 gina 's 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 report 2 weekend 2 passenger 2 stop 2 rang 2 information 2 wallet 2 rust 2 misery 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 sounds 2 part 2 rescue 2 lifetime 2 insisted 2 knows 2 stayed 2 nebulous 2 recall 2 ached 2 convinced 2 elbow 2 recession 2 less 2 casually 2 tall 2 fixed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 lately 2 finding 2 bus 2 crowd 2 coy 2 beckoned 2 slashed 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 leaving 2 impression 2 liquor 2 clayton 2 constant 2 crew 2 ones 2 regarded 2 kitchen 2 certainly 2 engine 2 tomorrow 2 flickered 2 forced 2 suspect 2 peculiar 2 struck 2 steady 2 disappeared 2 escape 2 falsetto 2 hundred 2 consider 2 upstairs 2 shone 2 freight 2 lower 2 sounded 2 funny 2 uneasily 2 ridges 2 neighborhood 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 tendrils 2 visiting 2 cripes 2 view 2 okay 2 besides 2 ruled 2 exchanged 2 news 2 ball 2 devils 2 followed 2 beam 2 halls 2 plunged 2 emergency 2 moldy 2 early 2 lugging 2 nancy 2 morris 2 molding 2 executive 2 farfetched 2 acoustics 2 possibly 2 funeral 2 hid 2 hall 2 different 2 pleasure 2 seattle 2 lighting 2 glare 2 number 2 proved 2 having 2 blackened 2 carried 2 far 2 makes 2 maple 2 pad 2 slammed 2 especially 2 baseball 2 ha 2 cash 2 rise 2 dialed 2 lake 2 suite 2 guess 2 comfortable 2 catch 2 decades 2 dealt 2 round 2 illumination 2 routinely 2 son 2 cooling 2 syrupy 2 personality 2 teeth 2 complex 2 nine 2 marred 2 reason 2 labored 2 stretched 2 muffled 2 throbbing 2 continue 2 words 2 temperature 2 events 2 sandwiches 2 lot 2 notion 2 chin 2 fleshy 2 scope 2 nodded 2 softly 2 nearby 2 bet 2 retirement 2 returned 2 stay 2 embarrassingly 2 sudden 2 above 2 help 2 bastard 2 slurred 2 play 2 intensified 2 obviously 2 spade 2 prank 2 elevator 2 previous 2 staying 2 presence 2 thank 2 constance 2 check 2 naked 2 nature 2 note 2 keeping 2 colossal 2 race 2 kidneys 2 visions 2 bar 2 caverns 2 hide 2 answered 2 twinkled 2 city 2 wrinkled 2 dementia 2 kissed 2 grief 2 neighboring 2 ceased 2 earth 2 crooning 2 slipped 2 offline 2 wiped 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 higgins 2 patted 2 apocalypse 2 raving 2 portion 2 happens 2 mostly 2 mattress 2 wrote 2 normalcy 2 mystery 2 comment 2 judging 2 suits 2 he 'll 2 who 's 2 bathroom 2 ears 2 muted 2 breathed 2 friend 's 2 anybody 2 pains 2 nerves 2 tittered 2 blue 2 constantly 2 cards 2 nowhere 2 15 2 isolated 2 sofa 2 lifted 2 calling 2 subterranean 2 rank 2 inner 2 dreamed 2 california 2 surface 2 mass 2 gore 2 trick 2 girls 2 guessed 2 extra 2 bonfire 2 security 2 clash 2 shh 2 grin 2 run 2 answer 2 please 2 nah 2 opened 2 grab 2 revealed 2 wickedness 2 gathered 2 memories 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 burned 2 fit 2 careful 2 driver 2 record 2 talked 2 uncle 2 october 2 miles 2 emerged 2 whether 2 feeling 2 silence 2 grave 2 circuit 2 full 2 finished 2 panic 2 hidden 2 accompanied 2 brief 2 rooms 2 we ' ve 2 ordbecker 's 2 worst 2 fluttered 2 hello 2 happen 2 huddled 2 direction 2 stalking 2 inverted 2 teacher 2 sweetbreads 2 dry 2 campsite 2 numbers 2 warm 2 exactly 2 hey 2 overhead 2 dress 2 strangers 2 ring 2 pitcher 2 cars 2 gasped 2 quality 2 food 2 consecutive 2 asleep 2 thrilled 2 free 2 branches 2 sent 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 graduated 2 given 2 feed 2 lives 2 truth 2 stripped 2 slid 2 though 2 cabellos 2 secret 2 visited 2 rounds 2 looked 2 thirty - six 2 draped 2 entry 2 must 2 needle 2 imagination 2 lobster 2 pocket 2 dunno 2 normally 2 dogs 2 machines 2 ravine 2 easier 2 suffered 2 apparently 2 myself 2 ready 2 eric 's 2 track 2 wear 2 pale 2 bored 2 says 2 stench 2 spring 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 nightmares 2 empty 2 joy 2 hearth 2 guy 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 nightmare 2 background 2 remote 2 melting 2 yes 2 daylight 2 base 2 change 2 are n't 2 glowed 2 stashed 2 lurked 2 roughly 2 does n't 2 cox 2 fancy 2 mindless 2 sort 2 game 2 reading 2 bigger 2 former 2 jerky 2 glow 2 fifty 2 sixth 2 refrigerator 2 mold 2 impossible 2 occasions 2 claimed 2 maintained 2 coolness 2 officer 2 cave 2 turns 2 robber 2 bugged 2 obstreperous 2 randy 2 drove 2 ghostly 2 clammy 2 compass 2 quiet 2 task 2 clock 2 concerns 2 senses 2 glance 2 whispers 2 supper 2 delirium 2 shirt 2 town 2 pump 2 gotten 2 helped 2 acid 2 looking 2 paid 2 seventy 2 simply 2 guilt 2 oozed 2 appreciation 2 vest 2 latest 2 noted 2 hang 2 crossed 2 shop 2 homeland 2 brown 2 bought 2 quarter 2 hugged 2 ghosts 2 slithered 1 levity 1 unexpectedly 1 descended 1 supplied 1 calm 1 taken 1 sole 1 voluptuous 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 gray 1 inimitable 1 medicine 1 single - bedroom 1 twenty 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 doorways 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 trust 1 bedrooms - elgin 1 settling 1 steadily 1 silly 1 batting 1 haste 1 gruesome 1 seeing 1 tenancy 1 fluid 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 mimicking 1 siege 1 white - gloved 1 broad - sword 1 fair 1 ballgames 1 tragic 1 fiercely 1 industrial 1 signaled 1 booth 1 who - ever 1 8 1 slung 1 headache 1 muck 1 quaking 1 peaked 1 noting 1 gourmands 1 appropriate 1 rate 1 coals 1 dramatically 1 density 1 remarking 1 extricated 1 unceremoniously 1 source 1 dwells 1 thunderclap 1 failed 1 sink 1 sanctuary 1 puckered 1 allowing 1 ear 1 boyhood 1 roosting 1 1 1 tattoo 1 sufficient 1 sumed 1 abiding 1 wash 1 finish 1 wring 1 cooked 1 acceptance 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 demented 1 roared 1 appearance - his 1 hardwood 1 1983 1 chided 1 surprise 1 matted 1 daze 1 cracks 1 fetched 1 semblance 1 commented 1 antennas 1 echoing 1 exchange 1 backpack 1 um 1 veteran 1 wad 1 tightly 1 for - est 1 arms 1 latter 1 thigh 1 surpassed 1 gloomy 1 environments 1 fritz 1 blemishes 1 classier 1 relieve 1 taffy 1 rent 1 hissed 1 deal 1 personal 1 thoroughfares 1 nattering 1 soundless 1 banker 1 sweaty 1 suspension 1 historian 1 encampment 1 exposure 1 though - you 're 1 sidled 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 pulse 1 radical 1 logic 1 vast 1 tunes 1 student 1 partly 1 nightclub - cum - gambling 1 made - in - china 1 gape 1 architect 1 torch 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 counting 1 leader 1 after - dinner 1 grudging 1 missed 1 violet 1 blasted 1 impatient 1 referred 1 coordination 1 detached 1 captor 1 bakery 1 geophysical 1 burglar 1 bats 1 brow 1 devour 1 crib 1 sight 1 vino 1 protected 1 arrived 1 cabinet 1 misses 1 relented 1 far - mainly 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 offered 1 jumble 1 male 1 spied 1 concrete 1 explanations 1 precinct 1 flashing 1 mainly 1 lyrics 1 unimaginable 1 speed 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 located 1 rafters 1 zipper 1 nasty 1 wet 1 brad 1 twisted 1 signals 1 thumbs 1 chrysalis 1 spurred 1 adopted 1 candles 1 universe 1 wacko 1 daunting 1 jealousy 1 estate 1 cocked 1 route 1 observers ' 1 pattering 1 pulling 1 cur - rent 1 cosmos 1 patently 1 stoking 1 kerouac 1 elsewhere 1 styrofoam 1 stairwells 1 scotch 1 c'm on 1 tailored 1 perry 1 foreign 1 amused 1 district 1 irritable 1 infinite 1 sock 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 mental 1 lemon 1 vogue 1 fried 1 jeezus 1 foot 1 tiles 1 wrap 1 inexplicable 1 replaced 1 shale 1 worker 1 unidentifiable 1 hair - line 1 gas 1 snug 1 hope 1 knife 1 dimly 1 columned 1 exist 1 transformed 1 gets 1 criminal 1 construction 1 today 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 sport 1 fret 1 yolks 1 cloths 1 conditioning 1 doorway 1 titanic 1 tail 1 extent 1 heirs 1 spree 1 fix 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 pincers 1 measures 1 gunned 1 sinking 1 taxes 1 verse 1 dawn 1 fringes 1 mastery 1 tract 1 terrified 1 lane 1 tiptoed 1 purchased 1 perched 1 season 1 clumsily 1 furniture 1 splattered 1 nonchalance 1 blame 1 hippie 1 sea 1 graduate 1 routine 1 melted 1 coils 1 worn 1 sickening 1 sharing 1 smoking 1 jobs 1 dismissive 1 wary 1 inevitably 1 humid 1 tuned 1 abused 1 yesterday 1 perils 1 miked 1 viscid 1 girl 's 1 cyst 1 habitat 1 silent 1 broadsword - they 1 player 1 popping 1 trapped 1 contemptuous 1 polar 1 insinuated 1 loath 1 regina 's 1 unconvinced 1 them - selves 1 crushing 1 dresser 1 lord 1 disconnected 1 mariners ' 1 amiable 1 incipient 1 vats 1 surveyor 1 flirtatious 1 excursions - no 1 out - she 1 unconscious 1 boded 1 exact 1 child - and 1 strands 1 juices 1 divorced 1 punch 1 blue - streaked 1 electricity 1 gorge 1 hefted 1 noxious 1 san 1 ohh 1 mars 1 spilled 1 seized 1 memorabilia 1 prowling 1 focused 1 quick 1 peeling 1 hellion 1 transferring 1 poet 1 ripped 1 possibility 1 artificiality 1 flashlight 1 match 1 suspicious 1 spiritual 1 twilight 1 pilgrimage - on 1 catered 1 series 1 perspiring 1 prickle 1 shatter 1 mounds 1 variety 1 unsteadily 1 nervous 1 bubble 1 chills 1 hostile 1 abandoning 1 uphill 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 travails 1 refused 1 carl 1 alcoholism 1 jumpy 1 lifestyle 1 bodies 1 tab 1 bone - white 1 original 1 seldom 1 she 'll 1 jamb 1 aloofness 1 brick 1 seventieth 1 pit 1 destroyed 1 embedded 1 quiescent 1 temp 1 wan 1 shaken 1 tricks 1 breathy 1 tinny 1 relive 1 straddle - legged 1 second - guessing 1 trail 1 provincial 1 confide 1 getting 's 1 middle - income 1 chicken 1 roiled 1 decked 1 introduced 1 addled 1 snoring 1 withdraw 1 hosted 1 shit 1 periodically 1 sour - mel 1 1982 1 kicked 1 slaughterhouse 1 letters 1 squeal 1 features 1 pleasantries 1 fortunate 1 physiognomies 1 inches 1 blankenship 1 preceded 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 determined 1 yonder 1 relish 1 deepest 1 conditioner 1 tattooed 1 intestines 1 goodnight 1 zone 1 grandfather 's 1 visualized 1 personally 1 five - year - old 1 mice 1 sparks 1 stab 1 superior 1 rained 1 dropping 1 appraised 1 roads 1 miss 1 pride 1 reach 1 bowls 1 purely 1 funded 1 reliable 1 neatly 1 scarcely 1 chocolates 1 gravitas 1 particular 1 discern 1 9 1 vanguard 1 glaring 1 el 1 manitou 1 chapter 1 ances 1 implacably 1 blend 1 was - poor 1 surgeon 1 traditional 1 fishy 1 fears 1 follow 1 11 1 continued 1 endless 1 approving 1 ecological 1 chasing 1 queued 1 smudges 1 bravado 1 prints 1 snicker 1 glittery 1 friday 1 abduction 1 sly 's 1 wonder- 1 soundings 1 fed 1 camouflage 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wha - a - t 1 chuckles 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 unease 1 leech 1 corona 1 day 's 1 stumbled 1 circling 1 chest 1 wondering 1 ganja 1 months- 1 mush 1 sensible 1 slumped 1 ascended 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 repeat 1 screwing 1 jerks 1 wave 1 victims 1 eternal 1 putting 1 hissing 1 protect 1 penitence 1 herself 1 underneath 1 amateur 1 agency 1 indebted 1 gibbering 1 comfort 1 mixer 1 subtly 1 unseen 1 come - on 1 muggers 1 thud 1 steep 1 burst 1 ethel 's 1 ammonia 1 dorm 1 pal 1 innocent 1 as- 1 che 1 incidents 1 grottos 1 nose 1 prospects 1 unscrewed 1 outgrabe 1 illuminated 1 gentlemen 1 impatience 1 own - and 1 delusional 1 miller 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 invasion 1 couples 1 slugger 1 trembled 1 cutting 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 calls 1 visitor - call 1 fields 1 jeez 1 lashed 1 know - two 1 civilization 's 1 spacious 1 fright 1 special 1 stores 1 bruises 1 sundew 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 s 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 changed 1 ruefully 1 shed 1 cloudy 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ziggurats 1 actors 1 weekends 1 disconsolate 1 plaster 1 traveling 1 sober 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 hiss 1 half - crouched 1 hullo 1 hiker 1 discoveries 1 doorknobs 1 overnight 1 beat 1 cooler 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 indignities 1 wednesday 1 colleagues 1 intent 1 marks 1 handy 1 mome 1 bookshops 1 insides 1 eager 1 sake 1 dwelled 1 exquisitely 1 standby 1 announced 1 choir 1 insufferable 1 postmark 1 material 1 repulsed 1 heed 1 griping 1 amazing 1 men ' 1 grillwork 1 blob 1 bole 1 fence 1 depressingly 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 roof 1 parked 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tops 1 migration 1 3 1 venture 1 timeless 1 groans 1 inspection 1 storm 1 delivered 1 dismissal 1 parking 1 shapes 1 soup 1 punctured 1 horn 1 betters 1 treaty 1 yawned 1 winter 1 amniotic 1 silently 1 explained 1 confident 1 beds 1 iii 1 insane 1 slither 1 shocked 1 freaked 1 ungainly 1 you - no 1 cackle 1 bellicose 1 subscription 1 oasis 1 shrank 1 14 1 begged 1 mischievous 1 overripe 1 basket 1 hooked 1 bouquet 1 imposter 1 recorded 1 screaming 1 robot 1 blind 1 desks 1 peephole - she 1 scuttling 1 lesser - known 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 accomplishment 1 disappointing 1 perilously 1 inlet 1 caked 1 tomb 1 remainder 1 james 1 awarded 1 reasonable 1 frankly 1 calendar 1 luxuriating 1 penchant 1 slimy 1 forests 1 sparked 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 pop 's 1 making 1 fulfilled 1 matches 1 figurines 1 camps 1 thickness 1 cleared 1 axis 1 father 's 1 appalachian 1 swim 1 muggy 1 kiddo 1 overlong 1 thickets 1 grandma 1 flat 1 slime 1 plenty 1 annoyed 1 misty 1 guzzle 1 senior 1 spooled 1 behavior 1 dislocation 1 chatted 1 afterthought 1 da 1 toughs 1 file 1 dignity 1 degrees 1 starch 1 pissed - i 1 vodka 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 chivvied 1 semi - hypnosis 1 creaked 1 received 1 valium 1 hi 1 devise 1 earthman 1 slice 1 fbi 1 deserted 1 circle 1 cooperation 1 cuffs 1 melvin 1 fate 1 over - head 1 customs 1 glimmered 1 getaway 1 everywhere 1 snatch 1 mitt 1 seventy - two 1 uh 1 palm 1 rammed 1 august 1 guant 1 flying 1 children - unfortunately 1 scraped 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 bane 1 odor 1 lobbyists 1 choose 1 tip 1 hypothermia 1 movies 1 fondness 1 chewed 1 mob 1 indulged 1 eat 1 legends 1 liked 1 robes 1 adams 1 helplessness 1 defeated 1 ansel 1 handed 1 mist 1 queenly 1 lush 1 fancifully 1 barton 1 halfway 1 dribbled 1 squeezed 1 harriet 1 cultural 1 terrestrial 1 vermiculate 1 reassuring 1 habit 1 transfixed 1 suffering 1 bury 1 busy 1 disliked 1 wives 1 brush 1 aspect 1 teens 1 kinds 1 sardonically 1 rooting 1 killingly 1 househusband 1 barnacles - a 1 beastly 1 sighed 1 seasonally 1 phantoms 1 brimstone 1 gnaw 1 settled 1 riveted 1 career 1 ordered 1 rapidly 1 preparing 1 wenbr 1 swipe 1 uninterested 1 ventriloquism 1 elevators 1 fans 1 shift 1 dash 1 healthy 1 immortals 1 bat 1 mid - tune 1 studying 1 destruction 1 ties 1 dessert 1 banana 1 pits 1 carpet 1 phone- 1 reef 1 hackles 1 lipstick 1 tumwater 1 frame 's 1 lit 1 contortionist 's 1 ter 1 staking 1 becomes 1 american 1 ironically 1 posh 1 bothers 1 chuckling 1 abyssal 1 dashing 1 some - thing 1 hideously 1 cliffs 1 involved 1 torments 1 speechless 1 blurred 1 whispering - he 1 magma 1 investigator 1 boys 1 confined 1 person - sing 1 runs 1 sporting 1 eggshell 1 warehouses 1 spilling 1 forty - something - she 1 honeydew 1 originated 1 chords 1 ruffians 1 sucked 1 ship 1 discovered 1 tapered 1 bookshelf 1 sweltering 1 questioning 1 powerful 1 rum 1 obligatory 1 curb 1 salary 1 impending 1 probing 1 loved 1 clangs 1 potted 1 sucking 1 jimmy 's 1 unpacked 1 consultant 1 write 1 guide 1 scouring 1 washington 1 legislature 1 abutted 1 alkaline 1 inscrutable 1 schoolboy 1 worse 1 denver 1 drooling 1 mutton 1 pilates 1 reports 1 gulley 1 laid 1 ye 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 silhouetted 1 fluttering 1 bulletproof 1 recent 1 so - called 1 bric - a - brac - and 1 concentrated 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 scraping 1 bolt 1 tenant 1 sharp 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 semi - deserted 1 menagerie 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 photo - graphs 1 accomplished 1 wrestling 1 butcher 1 unhappily 1 napkins 1 surfaced 1 grizzlies 1 warranted 1 cyclones 1 cassock 1 denizens 1 depressing 1 screwed 1 weakness 1 world 1 tinfoil 1 greatest 1 slow - two 1 customary 1 murder 1 demesne 1 breach 1 hurry 1 niche 1 pragmatist 1 fern 1 form 1 rough - hewn 1 phil 1 traveled 1 incredulous 1 gaze 1 throng 1 smooth 1 subconscious 1 i - this 1 annual 1 vanished 1 1989 1 ribs 1 savagery 1 possessed 1 priest 1 flights 1 costs 1 various 1 wilted 1 survivor 's 1 intruding 1 obsession 1 imagining 1 devoid 1 walls 1 may 1 suckled 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 paternally 1 gravel 1 installed 1 attached 1 wrists 1 peril 1 23 1 glances 1 holly - style 1 apartment - the 1 relieved 1 hyper - reality 1 convention 1 ah 1 creep 1 blocks 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 curling 1 suit - nothing 1 income 1 hesitated 1 glisten 1 casual 1 walk 1 manage 1 casualness 1 knock 1 eel 1 desisted 1 precariously 1 surely 1 flickering 1 effected 1 clicked 1 relevance 1 leaking 1 summoned 1 quivering 1 reds 1 frankie 's 1 fluctuations 1 incalculable 1 miserably 1 resist 1 kindly 1 terry - creature 1 interrogation 1 oxygen 1 included 1 tape 1 despaired 1 loveseat 1 rot 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 terrorize 1 winds 1 admit 1 munched 1 wired 1 bled 1 lied 1 nightclubs 1 pyramids 1 scents 1 largely 1 fallen 1 weeknights 1 albeit 1 meet - your - cute - neighbor 1 anger 1 crashed 1 stinging 1 tubes 1 pay 1 historical 1 wary 's 1 abscess 1 lord - are 1 shot 1 tension 1 studiousness 1 courtship 1 exhaustion 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 papers 1 rush 1 stronger 1 rustic 1 advancing 1 trespassers 1 broom 1 lizard 1 socialite 1 bother 1 sir 1 button - up 1 based 1 ruined 1 dial 1 sixty - seven 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 packed 1 ballroom 1 meaning 1 nut 1 pain 1 piled 1 chivvy 1 shape 1 degree 1 foresight 1 wasteland 1 politicians 1 illuminating 1 lamented 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 inkling 1 l 1 atm 1 successfully 1 ducts 1 16 1 existed 1 member 1 waves 1 computer 1 punching 1 delectable 1 orderly 1 malcontents 1 shortly 1 scram 1 nestle 1 handsome 1 1958 1 twice 1 u 1 cracking 1 hyperventilating 1 that- 1 raths 1 hurtin ' 1 flies 1 marshmallows 1 midnight 1 cry 1 mouthful 1 breaks 1 filled 1 weasel 1 dying 1 mustache 1 groping 1 beatings 1 imitation 1 ken 1 move- 1 burnt 1 buddy 1 suddenly 1 consented 1 politely 1 well - dressed 1 swirl 1 writhed 1 lightning 1 pop - let 1 separation 1 lust 1 corners 1 math 1 boom 1 underworld 1 turtlenecks 1 useful 1 mud 1 winked 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 pushing 1 throat 1 sufficiently 1 band 1 posturing 1 sealed 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 charm 1 arrayed 1 switched 1 nameless 1 lamp 1 malign 1 takeoff 1 confronted 1 overseas 1 trappings 1 drawer 1 bonfires 1 jaded 1 dropcloth 1 tidy 1 shiny 1 dried 1 alien 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 distant 1 rambunctious 1 sundown 1 suspended 1 late - night 1 transmitting 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 threatened 1 periodic 1 droopy 1 typical 1 safe 1 luminescent 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 ice 1 hibernation 1 fitful 1 schlepping 1 ignorance 1 pointed 1 softened 1 searching 1 message 1 suburbanite 1 belly 1 began 1 whisper 1 downpour 1 frailties 1 idiot 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 pelted 1 dashed 1 freezer 1 creep - infested 1 perform 1 shoveled 1 treetops 1 excursions 1 gift 1 dresses 1 stranger 's 1 curiosity 1 planets 1 aging 1 taste 1 dictated 1 miasma 1 medium 1 root 1 kissing 1 puffy 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 perhaps 1 burns 1 blindly 1 captors 1 credible 1 jumping 1 jointed 1 voice- 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 placing 1 townhouse 1 forget 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 absent 1 clapped 1 showered 1 tightwad 1 cookies 1 eyeing 1 4 1 belongs 1 drifting 1 recorder - pershing 1 noise 1 thinker 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 humanoid 1 robed 1 temperate 1 cable 1 thin - he 1 cozy 1 air - conditioned 1 flapping 1 matters 1 open - heart 1 slack 1 seams 1 studied 1 incredible 1 access 1 panama 1 land 1 churned 1 guts 1 lots 1 toothbrush 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 shouted 1 type 1 upright 1 hauled 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 ended 1 nilson 1 fortean 1 northerly 1 security - conscious 1 nervousness 1 simultaneously 1 memos 1 regardless 1 stepfather 1 jungle 1 faced 1 curl 1 houston 1 rendezvous 1 doubtless 1 front 1 measuring 1 pitchers 1 asking 1 week - hid 1 crinkled 1 bunch 1 12 1 moment - he 1 china 1 noise - which 1 exoskeletons 1 stoicism 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 flown 1 occasionally 1 twitchier 1 foulness 1 contact 1 holy 1 beaches 1 rolexes 1 mention 1 something - someone - watching 1 him - self 1 river 1 products 1 hunted 1 pace 1 jet 1 chick 1 frequently 1 poor 1 smiling 1 sickos 1 waking 1 tea 1 ouster 1 four - star 1 johnny 1 sweeping 1 fostered 1 build 1 magician 1 cottage - style 1 navigate 1 hip 1 proposed 1 done - in 1 drenched 1 known 1 peek 1 atop 1 mug 1 visits 1 ham 1 trudged 1 sneering 1 hammered 1 testicles 1 cloves 1 dizzy 1 turkey 1 fungi 1 mossy 1 bickered 1 walton 's 1 perception 1 crooked 1 slug 1 clusters 1 silver - sly 1 reminding 1 salad 1 stunned 1 someone 's 1 ankles 1 four - piece 1 croaked 1 impressed 1 towed 1 quarters 1 clich 1 at - an 1 giant 1 yelm 1 limber 1 deceit 1 immortality 1 offspring 1 fewer 1 dais 1 reflexive 1 lunch 1 metamorphosed 1 sconces 1 laugh 1 spiked 1 sentience 1 tale 1 sickly 1 bloomed 1 remarked 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 reception 1 substance 1 claim 1 shines 1 infuriated 1 mansion 1 bore 1 ecclesiastical 1 plants 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 downed 1 shrubbery 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 needling 1 grip 1 lurking 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 cloister 1 physician 1 sue 1 unless 1 spun 1 5 1 complete 1 porcelain 1 mortified 1 understaffed 1 flowers 1 mates 1 pants 1 chilled 1 wife- 1 hollows 1 agree 1 wood 1 misfit 1 diffuse 1 frozen 1 inebriated 1 encountered 1 cases 1 temporary 1 chosen 1 equally 1 stammer 1 inhaled 1 rental 1 comprehend 1 warned 1 mock 1 waving 1 trait 1 deadbolt 1 blades 1 nailed 1 raining 1 boulders 1 cramped 1 60s 1 wobble 1 steel 1 laborious 1 magnified 1 warnings 1 contract 1 cheerily 1 gasping 1 duct 1 significant 1 extended 1 interlaced 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 mask 1 blinked 1 height 1 malfunctioning - condensation 1 shoved 1 howled 1 snooper 1 disappear 1 lever 1 gestured 1 comes 1 deity 1 half - empty 1 paused 1 opposite 1 slope 1 midday 1 boiler 1 listening 1 interminable 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 tormentors 1 fanned 1 fairly 1 arrival 1 honey 1 snickered 1 disagreed 1 beast 1 caught 1 organizing 1 region 1 according 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 sour 1 predicted 1 weary 1 replied 1 re - creation 1 hapless 1 language 1 aura 1 damaging 1 camino 1 snake 1 fiber - optic 1 earshot 1 emotional 1 assured 1 radiation 1 heaps 1 winding 1 clean 1 main 1 mantel 1 conferences 1 drive 1 broadly 1 13 1 mail 1 soiled 1 relics 1 drained 1 smattering 1 berkeley 1 somewhere 1 deep - sea 1 date 1 concerned 1 toil 1 autumn 1 vending 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 absolut 1 roaches 1 sometime 1 inward 1 basement 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 mirror 1 month 1 float 1 griffey 1 doomed 1 wilds 1 appears 1 policy 1 shampoo 1 neighbors 1 seek- 1 fist 1 uniformed 1 brand 1 snugged 1 readings 1 explain 1 sky 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 brass 1 squirming 1 plucking 1 underbrush 1 measured 1 cheery 1 imminent 1 shuttered 1 shot - a 1 droop 1 invaded 1 mornings 1 survive 1 shirts 1 bearable 1 buzzed 1 unchanged 1 af- 1 proper 1 warmed 1 seam 1 places 1 slight 1 midwest 1 ago 1 agonies 1 haze 1 mistake 1 doncha 1 safely 1 coveralls 1 crack 1 crude 1 coiffed 1 tunnels 1 machete 1 caliber 1 heighten 1 lounge 1 dark - haired 1 animal 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 photo 1 lesser 1 circles 1 opaque 1 ringing 1 canned 1 associates 1 chill 1 claiming 1 deco 1 goods 1 east 1 hotter 1 roar 1 games 1 cornered 1 realm 1 crawled 1 art 1 screeches 1 half - hearted 1 truly 1 months ' 1 feelings 1 flag 1 911 1 apartments 1 foolish 1 understood 1 campers 1 sixty - nine 1 papered 1 seat 1 thick 1 lutheran 1 gear 1 protestations 1 dispatcher 1 shame 1 clay - ton 1 wedge 1 wandering 1 mugged 1 assimilation 1 pistol 1 deck 1 civilization 1 toadstools 1 currently 1 deepened 1 malevolent 1 creepos 1 mini - cameras 1 vertebra 1 signs 1 frankie 1 aside 1 added 1 guppies 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 provided 1 contracting 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gulped 1 sidewalk 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 bulk 1 bones 1 monitor 1 spine 1 coomb 1 parlors 1 shears 1 force 1 trembling 1 measure 1 deform 1 damnable 1 threats 1 shove 1 history 1 perfume 1 seems 1 observing 1 awake 1 louisville 1 renovations 1 exquisite 1 sooty 1 swaying 1 recognition 1 buddies 1 impress 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 swing 1 generation 1 1979 1 radiance 1 ginsberg 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 receded 1 plate 1 sip 1 yell 1 wishes 1 bushy 1 sixty 1 croaks 1 consolation 1 hollow 1 full - blown 1 olympia 's 1 informing 1 rosary 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 propagate 1 thinking 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 juice 1 legs 1 answering 1 moderate 1 beings 1 days ' 1 navy 1 engineering 1 skyline 1 keepsakes - snapshots 1 leg 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 garden - party - throwing 1 counts 1 tagged 1 bowels 1 terror 1 shells 1 weirdo 1 tarot 1 docks 1 technologies 1 maneuvers 1 bastards 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 conducted 1 grind 1 accentuated 1 swirling 1 images 1 service 1 escaping 1 forever 1 tones 1 buoyed 1 horror 1 uprooted 1 6 1 penetrate 1 thrillers 1 settings 1 sprang 1 outta 1 gargantuan 1 leaden 1 percy 's 1 hour 's 1 pillow 1 subscribe 1 course - also 1 wish 1 promise 1 shredded 1 void 1 wormed 1 clientele 1 sighing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 visitation 1 prowler 1 icecaps 1 melancholy 1 tough 1 reality 1 dreamt 1 pieces 1 prowled 1 carton 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 mush - rooms 1 recognized 1 of- 1 sublime 1 folding 1 doubt 1 block 1 grow 1 squeeze 1 edgy 1 heck 1 muscle 1 outer 1 mission 1 employee 1 chums 1 estimated 1 bounced 1 rabid 1 year 1 caressed 1 embarrassment 1 sprawled 1 delighted 1 among 1 wooded 1 epoxy 1 photos 1 moist 1 stride 1 shawl 1 idiotically 1 refined 1 golf 1 jose 1 knuckle 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 filthy 1 ratty 1 proportion 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 half - dozen 1 electromagnetic 1 mimicked 1 cover 1 par - ties 1 migrated 1 covering 1 bucko - we ' ve 1 some - times 1 footprints 1 average 1 ernest 1 warning 1 cuddled 1 hunters 1 gracious 1 cause 1 tore 1 moon 1 odds 1 sewage 1 beefy 1 status 1 internally 1 ufo 1 unfold 1 clever 1 tight 1 signed 1 sniveling 1 were n't 1 mica 1 stairs 1 popular 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 crackpot 1 hobs 1 handle 1 irate 1 olympic 1 eh 1 equipment 1 paced 1 sergeant 's 1 indeed 1 cannery 1 coincidence 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 curtains 1 brood 1 recovered 1 retired 1 bowed 1 christmases 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 knows - perhaps 1 bear 1 waitresses 1 play - by - play 1 converted 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 tramped 1 suit 1 primeval 1 reserved 1 resident 1 wiser 1 tacoma 1 elementary 1 sans 1 superstitious 1 listener 1 worlds 1 prayers 1 lunatic 1 due 1 argued 1 cautionary 1 agnostic 1 amusing 1 toes 1 sub - basement 1 coldness 1 frames 1 catcher 's 1 flows 1 kilter 1 elongated 1 suited 1 vacation 1 prominently 1 intensity 1 raw 1 diabolic 1 hoot 1 ya 1 grate 1 similar 1 peninsula 1 cloth 1 bits 1 doorframe 1 flowed 1 francisco 1 summer 1 barked 1 waste 1 push 1 hold 1 homesteads 1 beamed 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 populated 1 resonated 1 friends - did n't 1 disappointment 1 tremblay 1 labor 1 bags 1 license 1 sons 1 explanation 1 disguise 1 seven - floor 1 tracks 1 paranoid 1 goosed 1 7 1 larger 1 loose 1 suppressed 1 parkas 1 predicament 1 gloaming 1 uptight 1 impressive 1 sneaky 1 night 's 1 theorized 1 mourning 1 pissed 1 raised 1 jangled 1 blue - tinged 1 ticked 1 den 1 ass 1 professor - and 1 outdoorsmen 1 hike 1 undefined 1 amazement 1 unbecoming 1 haircuts 1 rack 1 separate 1 metastasize 1 dwindled 1 waddell 1 grandmother 1 diatribes 1 space 1 testament 1 librarian 1 parts 1 hollywood 1 wonderland 1 corporation 1 kooks 1 wedged 1 clinked 1 savage 1 fake 1 incident 1 influenced 1 girly 1 reeked 1 heineken 1 orbits 1 gentlemanly 1 continuing 1 re - move 1 relished 1 half - dead 1 ill - concealed 1 eyelids 1 supine 1 squat 1 circulation 1 manic 1 women 1 guevara - loving 1 am 1 public 1 there 'll 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 yelling 1 stale 1 vile 1 fully 1 grotto 1 propped - up 1 ruffled 1 flap 1 oddly 1 patiently 1 cynic 1 skating 1 lulled 1 screwdriver 1 anthony 's 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 uncoiling 1 hysteria 1 checking 1 downhill 1 able 1 style 1 signal 1 tighten 1 eavesdropping 1 ing 1 ranches 1 seventh - inning 1 swung 1 celebrities 1 wan- 1 segued 1 crates 1 entrenchment 1 peeked 1 ushered 1 fred 1 upper 1 creak 1 wooden 1 bart 1 hallucinating 1 outhouse 1 twigs 1 lethargic 1 pill 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 freedom 1 noon 1 commanded 1 chanted 1 unable 1 dude 1 faculties 1 spitting 1 alive 1 prohibited 1 jihadist 1 shushing 1 species 1 gentry 1 intestine 1 crash 1 remedy 1 tongue 1 wants 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 mike 1 outcroppings 1 waddel 1 stream 1 justice 1 echoed 1 woefully 1 horridly 1 shushed 1 pools 1 store 1 response 1 lair 1 seeping 1 weird 1 trips 1 ranting 1 skills 1 stabbings 1 tiny 1 fillings 1 prefer 1 70s 1 walking 1 altogether 1 bank 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 trio 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 perfectly 1 bumping 1 straightened 1 occurring 1 inconceivable 1 borrow 1 adaptations 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 frequency 1 grill 1 squirmed 1 management 1 namo 1 oven 1 rude 1 beaming 1 broad 1 shore 1 muddy 1 longer 1 jogged 1 surprising 1 scores 1 grandfather 1 tilting 1 steps 1 expanding 1 limp 1 woman 's 1 wander 1 ground 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 laboring 1 coast 1 argue 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 wordless 1 malice 1 no - freaking - body 1 cubicles 1 idealist 1 roasting 1 stark 1 drying 1 clouded 1 fashion 1 believe 1 otherwise 1 evilly 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 flee 1 should ' ve 1 too - frequent 1 generations- 1 grotesque 1 hangdog 1 rushed 1 twenty - first 1 scratched 1 firelight 1 well - dresses 1 child 's 1 mode 1 creepy 1 rooted 1 secure 1 winced 1 garble 1 inflict 1 useless 1 shall 1 further 1 happily 1 messages 1 albums 1 gusts 1 scribbled 1 stubbornness 1 door - way 1 roses 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 sold 1 puppets 1 step 1 smithsonian 1 calmness 1 nudge 1 winded 1 neglect 1 charged 1 hikers 1 suites 1 entrails 1 objects 1 unknown 1 machine 1 seniors 1 crowded 1 cried 1 point 1 absentee 1 secretiveness 1 gained 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 pinned 1 marched 1 youth - clean - shaven 1 trap 1 ingles 1 pastureland 1 bibliophile 1 pull 1 gait 1 clumsy 1 perforce 1 briefly 1 toolbox 1 ganglia 1 color 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 locked 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 staring 1 scalded 1 distanced 1 ether 1 mariners 1 belongings 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 c 1 shelf 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 palpable 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 herd 1 inevitable 1 revert 1 turbines 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 baggy 1 pierced 1 purple - black 1 screams 1 minute 1 cigarette 1 quo 1 unspeakable 1 merlot 1 kettle 1 mooning 1 neanderthal 1 lose 1 spoken 1 vain 1 pause 1 skyward 1 courage 1 gramps 1 warmup 1 sunday 1 nagging 1 holocaust 1 starless 1 owners 1 granite 1 inherent 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 accumulation 1 toothless 1 logging 1 videos 1 present 1 ape 1 large - hearted 1 imitated 1 apparition 1 unceremonious 1 proverbial 1 wherever 1 shrieked 1 guys - i ' m 1 relaxed 1 joined 1 bathed 1 waiter 1 ate 1 lured 1 cupped 1 rankled 1 driving 1 restore 1 supposed 1 mad- 1 shops 1 barbequing 1 gradually 1 ca n't 1 24 1 century 1 robinson 1 agreed 1 diaspora 1 utter 1 colliding 1 crank 1 fooled 1 quoted 1 club 1 gently 1 jelly 1 prepared 1 promptly 1 awaiting 1 seem 1 blackest 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 section 1 estimates 1 sunset 1 invisible 1 cleveland 1 spending 1 tunnel 1 shingle 1 street 1 landlord 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 vocal 1 acting 1 social 1 raise 1 bloom 1 histories 1 blacked 1 lines 1 doses 1 safety 1 retreat 1 waterproof 1 recliner 1 susurration 1 hotel 's 1 chance 1 scoop 1 obscenities 1 millions 1 favored 1 detective 's 1 buried 1 true - that 1 armpit 1 camped 1 facelifts 1 from- 1 dimmed 1 protocol 1 substitute 1 foliage 1 swivel 1 crab - walked 1 intelligent 1 anderson 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 searing 1 avoided 1 nauseated 1 bedrooms - naked 1 hopped 1 blackness 1 folk 1 foundation 1 swanky 1 shake 1 jacket 1 drop 1 ridge 1 football 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 bloomers 1 services 1 party 1 notepad 1 live 1 tepid 1 counter 1 sergeant 1 automaton 1 adaptable 1 twenty - sixth 1 lecher 1 culprits 1 squelching 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 sentient 1 leap 1 laughed - that 1 jr 1 team 1 1918 1 hallucinated 1 microphones 1 demonstrated 1 destroy 1 six - pack 928 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
he had a couple of thin , partially dead roses clutched in his hand , tiny scratches on his palms signifying he had nt been careful with them .
his own room was painted a baby blue , the only injection of masculine influence allowed , and even here his mother had managed to shove a black vase full of fake red roses , her need for fake flowers pathological in scope .
sarah loved teaching , cooking for her friends , talking on the phone , and growing her roses .
jewellery , panties , photos , rings , pressed roses , videotapes .
what had once been flourishing roses encouraged to grow along the fence line , were now angry , thorny and rope like twists of trunk and branches that obscured the direct view of the house from the footpath that still faithfully led to it out the front .
out on ebooks everywhere ; vampires do n't cry , book 1 ; vampire high school vampires do nt cry , book 2 : the helsing diaries vampires do nt cry , book 3 : the rage wars vampire do nt cry , book 4 : blood red roses and our huge character backstory anthology ; vampires do nt cry : blood anthology watch for our new titles at ; www.vampiresdontcry.com and www.ianhallauthor.com and if you like our vampires , how about ians solo project ; a time - travelling vampire series , set in tudor england ; a connecticut vampire in king arthur 's court a connecticut vampire in queen mary 's court vampires do nt cry new blood 2 : the turning of alan rand by ian hall and april l. miller i had no idea why valrie queen - of - homecoming libidowitz would be inviting me out for a milkshake after school .
a girl knelt by the gate , propping up a small bunch of roses .
the smell of his blood hit me like a bouquet of roses , all powerful and sexy .
he eats well and sleeps well , and enjoys the fresh air , but all the time the roses in his cheeks are fading , and he gets weaker and more languid day by day .
the roses seem coming back already to his cheeks , though he is still sadly pale and wan - looking .
after the involuntary shrinking consequent on the first nauseous whiff , we one and all set about our work as though that loathsome place were a garden of roses .
the sun had finally dropped behind the mountains and the sky reflected a deep rose color , tingeing the neighborhood in ghostly purples .
holy water was sprinkled and roses were placed on the casket by a teary - eyed wife .
* * * * the sun had touched the snow , coloring the western world with pale rose and purple fires .
you smell like a bunch of roses , '' ellis said .
underneath the perfume of the roses , you can begin to scent the rot and decay setting in .
the handle is intricately carved with a rose at its base .
another mask , one made of silver with elaborate roses and black line work is revealed .
i laid roses and a wreath down upon their grave , and stood in silence , watching their final place of rest , until everyone else had left .
when you read their writings , life appears to consist in a warm sun and a garden of roses , -- in the smiles and frowns of a fair enemy , and the fire that consumes your own heart .
a large bouquet of red roses , resting on a dresser cluttered with trinkets and souvenirs , filled the air with a wonderful fragrance .
it had a balcony , a narrow driveway , and roses blooming along the lawn .
the roses ' petals were limp and brown .
as she waited she noticed a picture frame on his desk depicting a lovely young and very pregnant woman , smiling with a dozen red roses in her arms .
he was a kittens and roses and puppies kind of guy , did n't even play world of warcraft because the guns and violence made him feel woozy .
he took no comfort from his mother 's words , and stiffly placed the roses on marcy 's grave .
but mccoy was blessed ; he could fall in a tub of shit and come out smelling like a rose .
she reached for the rose .
the surrounding forest groaned , shrinking back in horror as the woman yanked petal after petal from the rose .
she felt the rose dying in her hand .
she wove her bond tighter , becoming one with the rose as it fell into death .
the rose had a voice and from her lips it screamed .
to complete the work of his / her face , tall cheekbones were used just sprinkled of a rose turned on that it detached under on the milky complexion of the young girl and two arched eyebrows some more ax than its hair to such a white forehead to seem transparent .
i have never had any unusual experiences at the hollywood forever , but i did go there to celebrate my birthday one august 23rd , and discovered that that is also the date of rudolph valentinos death a lot of fans had left red roses on his crypt , so i nicked one as memento .
it had a beveled edge where the other had been plain , and a border of frosted - glass roses that adie longed to run her fingertips over .
an unlit purple candle among the hand towels filled the room with the scent of lavender and roses .
the roses were black and smelled of feces .
book 4 : the blood red roses .
the healthy nut bar was a giant disappointment however , on the scale of the titanic 's maiden voyage or that guns ' n ' roses album that took eleven years to make .
no , below the rose cross , they were spelled out : corpus , cruor , civitas .
it was then he noticed the little box of chocolates on each pillow and the roses .
he sat the chocolates and the roses over on the bedside table thinking that juanita had put them there and thought that it was a nice touch , but he was nt really interested in such things .
the bed is neatly made and there are mints on the pillows along with the roses when she gets here .
he smiled even more thinking that she would sooner or later be in his suite on the 7th floor and would find the bed made with mints and roses on the pillows .
he had taken her to the river where they had first kissed , bringing a picnic lunch , white wine , chocolate covered strawberries and roses with him .
a faint smell of roses hit me .
what s weird is that he gave me a dead rose .
at least , i think it was a dead rose .
he did nt smell like a rose , eitherhis stink was closer to a mix of pickles and b.o.but there was no hint of alcohol in it .
as we walked to a pond , there were lines of sweet roses on my left and lilies on my right , and i had never seen them before , such flowers .
and somehow , i sensed within my very skull the blooming of hundreds of red roses .
on the scarred kitchen table sat a round , simply decorated double layer white cake with pink roses and fancy filigree adorning the edges .
the ballroom was decorated with wild flowers , roses , orchids , and lilies .
a woman from the office , mrs . costa she thought , had approached the chaperoning trio of teachers with a big bouquet of red roses .
there was the bed in one corner , its dark posts and a fluffy comforter the color of late summer roses .
` ` ' one person 's roses are another 's thorns .
just beyond the tinkling water fountain and on the other side of a patch of bright petunias is marys pride and joy ; a thicket of beautiful red roses grow there from a recently packed mound of earth .
mary glanced lovingly at her roses .
she then turned her thoughts once again to her beautiful roses .
the ladies would certainly be curious to learn the secret to her wonderful roses and when they inquired she would only respond with one word : richard !
laurence grinch greeted me with a dazzling smile and a rose .
vampired do nt cry : blood samples by ian hall and april l. miller other vampire titles , available in paperback and ebooks everywhere vampires do nt cry series vampires do nt cry : original sins vampires do nt cry : blood anthology vampire high school ( vampires do nt cry : book 1 ) the helsing diaries ( vampires do nt cry : book 2 ) the rage wars ( vampires do nt cry : book 3 ) blood red roses ( vampires do nt cry : book 4 ) connecticut vampire series a connecticut vampire in king arthurs court a connecticut vampire in queen marys court and sign up here for our newsletter ; http : //vampiresdontcry.blogspot.com / p / mcembedsignupbackgroundfff - clearleft.html blood samples is a sampler of the vampire worlds of ian hall and april l. miller .
heres a reminder of our list of vampire books , available in paperback and ebooks everywhere vampires do nt cry series vampires do nt cry : original sins vampires do nt cry : blood anthology vampire high school ( vampires do nt cry : book 1 ) the helsing diaries ( vampires do nt cry : book 2 ) the rage wars ( vampires do nt cry : book 3 ) blood red roses ( vampires do nt cry : book 4 ) connecticut vampire series a connecticut vampire in king arthurs court a connecticut vampire in queen marys court please come visit us at ; http : //www.vampiresdontcry.com and http : //www.ianhallauthor.com we are also on facebook https : //www.facebook.com / vampiresdontcry we blog here ; http : //vampiresdontcry.blogspot.com and remember to sign up here for our newsletter ; http : //vampiresdontcry.blogspot.com / p / mcembedsignupbackgroundfff - clearleft.html hadagery by : teresa vanmeter copyright 2013 teresa vanmeter all rights reserved .
a smell of roses drifted from the borders near the house and the first grey light of dawn was beginning to lighten the sky .
two large flower pots with pink roses sprouting out graced the front entrance as she made her way inside .
the corridor like most of the palace is filled silent lions , filled with roses which never age .
a rose peaked out from under her pink tank top .
it should smell like roses to you .
a rose of blood bloomed on toms chest , soaking through his shirt from a place over his heart .
a gaseous odor that smelled like fresh vomit from a malnourished drunk , mixed with rotting fish , and a generous dose of rotten eggs and meat , was becoming as pleasurable as smelling a new rose .
are n't the roses lovely . '
it painted surrounding clouds with rose and purple hues .
lisa gazed into the sky as the last rose of the setting sun faded to leave the clouds purple and ominous ; the color of old bruises .
* * * * * the next morning , a red rose appeared with a note attached .
the note read , i will send a rose every day until you understand how much i love you , even if it is for the rest of my life .
i do nt see a bunch of roses as proof of his love .
because of his roses ?
instead , he sent a note and roses .
the vase was full of roses in different stages of deterioration .
then he walked off into the dark yard , heading for the cluster of roses he had planted last spring .
she found dr . skates brilliant blue sign hedged up alongside a cluster of roses and pulled into an empty parking slip close by , but on the opposite side of the parking lot .
thinking back brought on the familiar nostalgia , the days when everything had seemed wine and roses .
we roamed here and there for the whole day seeing all the gardens , beautiful they were , the best one was the , queen victoria memorial garden , it was really a worth visit , containing three thousand different varieties of flowers ranging from , ten different types of roses , to some sunflowers , i would say that one ca n't have even a thought of his problems at this place , really it was beautiful and the best place in the whole world .
hell of a thing , her thinking god sent us like that , george stared intently at the faded pattern of pink roses on a navy blue background covering the swings seat .
and , that now roses are blooming in the darkness around it .
the long - announced rain was almost upon the capital after months of drooping roses and marigolds in the public squares .
they were plastered everywhere else in rigorous order on the walls and the ceiling : laughing children , tender - eyed dogs , pine - rimmed lakes , starry skies , piled - up clouds , fondled cats , snow - capped mountains , smiling helena on her swing , russet forests , blue skies , flower - spangled meadows , vineyards , surf on the beach where helena strolled , sailing - boats with pregnant sails , geometric gardens , patchworks of tilled fields , hand - in - hand couples in the forest , sea gulls , roses , wheat fields , birds on flowered boughs , herds of zebras , old bridges , celebrated towers , weddings , blue bays .
she liked roses , did nt she ?
he marveled at how many black roses were on the ground .
there were fifteen children outside playing ring around the roses .
roses were red again , flowers bloomed .
she opened the box and inside was an array of flowers on the outside with long roses situated in the middle .
he reached inside and picked up one of the roses .
by sending flowers and roses to all of his addresses assured her that no matter which one he was at , he would be sure to receive them .
red roses turned black as she caressed the side of her face with them .
i wanted one downstairs that opened on the piazza and had roses all over the window , and such pretty , old - fashioned chintz hangings !
so i walk a little in the garden or down that lovely lane , sit on the porch under the roses , and lie down up here a good deal .
i was walking at two o'clock among my rose - trees , in the full sunlight -- in the walk bordered by autumn roses which are beginning to fall .
i was walking at two o'clock among my rose - trees , in the full sunlight -- in the walk bordered by autumn roses which are beginning to fall .
as i stopped to look at a gant de bataille , which had three splendid blooms , i distinctly saw the stalk of one of the roses bend close to me , as if an invisible hand had bent it , and then break , as if that hand had picked it !
i turned to look for the stalk , and i found it immediately under the bush , freshly broken , between the two other roses which remained on the branch .
for many an hour i strayed through the maze of the forest , turning now to right and now to left , pacing slowly down long alleys of undergrowth , shadowy and chill , even under the midday sun , and halting beneath great oaks ; lying on the short turf of a clearing where the faint sweet scent of wild roses came to me on the wind and mixed with the heavy perfume of the elder , whose mingled odour is like the odour of the room of the dead , a vapour of incense and corruption .
he could smell like roses and flowers !
did you know that the roses you got last valentine 's day had spent some time in the back of a truck just like mine ?
although you d think there would be more roses at this time of year .
and you think they re cutting the roses ?
the roses needed to be sprayed and i d forgotten to do it before the sun was overhead , so i came back at night .
did you see them cut the roses ?
she loves the roses .
the way he fusses over the roses , acts like they belong to him .
worrying about the roses getting damaged .
there do seem to be a lot of missing roses .
no ones deliberately destroying or stealing roses .
he s sure they re cutting the roses , and i do nt want to see him get beaten up or something .
fred stood near the roses where the path splits off in two directions , one branch leading to the fellowship hall and the building with the classrooms , and the other to the small grove of trees and the concrete bench designed for contemplation .
i looked closer and saw that the seed pods from about half of the few remaining roses had shreds of torn petals stuck to them .
i donated these roses to the church and i pay to have them properly cared for .
these roses are a memorial .
she loved roses from the time she was a toddler .
it sounded to me as if she thought the roses belonged to her .
she thought because she paid for the roses , she got to cut them and take them home ?
you cut the church roses and take them to your house ?
this woman was bat shit crazy , acting as if she could donate roses but still retain full ownership .
did she really think fred destroyed the roses he cared so much about ?
if fred acts like the roses are his , why would he destroy them like this ?
i think you re a little over - emotional about these roses .
you re acting as if your daughters soul is living in the roses .
i did nt mean she s actually in the roses .
fred loves these roses and he s taking care of them exactly like you wanted .
she really had poured everything she had left , which was nt much , into those roses .
it seemed odd that fred was so insistent that kids were hanging around at night , smoking pot and tearing up roses , while kate and jan were adamant that he was seeing things .
clearly they were nt up to anything harmful , at least not harmful to the church or the roses .
i picked up my stuff , walked past the roses , down the stairs to the parking strip , and along the footpath to my car .
did you see more roses were snipped off ?
i had nt even looked at the roses .
i wanted to see if anyone was damaging the roses .
it explained the pain i felt emanating from jan , from the tightness in her face , to her absolute obsession with the roses .
do you think ghosts are cutting the roses ?
we should have a professional caring for those roses .
he loves those roses as if they were his own , i said .
red is for love , romantic love , they say , but red roses are the most beautiful of all .
she s distraught over the damage to the roses .
and unless it was the spirits , it was unlikely they knew there was a deeper meaning to the roses , that they were a memorial .
they certainly were nt paying any attention to the roses , and gave no hint they planned to drift that direction and start tearing the few remaining blooms .
somehow , i knew they were nt shredding the roses .
i d found the answer to one question fred was nt crazy and he was nt slacking off in his responsibilities , and the roses were nt being destroyed by ghosts or teenagers from the church .
the roses are too beautiful .
david called ellie his rose , you know .
she thought she had some special right to do whatever she pleased with those roses because shed paid for them .
she not only thought she owned the roses , she owned her daughters memory , and i bet she thought she owned her daughter when she was alive .
i did nt mention any of it to joe not the ghosts or jan in her nightgown cutting roses or the intimate , vicious encounter between jan and fred .
she s not the only woman in the world with enormous sewing shears , but it does nt take a genius to add up the scissors she used to destroy the roses and her rage at freds son for leaving her daughter to die alone .
she pestered me with so many questions , i was exhausted by the time joe and kate walking past the roses , headed in our direction .
jan was obsessed with those roses .
i told them about seeing jan in her nightgown , tearing the roses , walking around in the cold as if she felt nothing .
the roses grew fresh buds , lots of them .
the truck held a large silver colored metal storage tank painted on both sides with a large cartoon skunk sniffing a bouquet of roses .
they looked and sounded like roses blossoming , and the spraying blood was as beautiful as summer rain .
chariah swallowed the tiny bead of liquid amethyst , which tasted at once like perfume made from milk and wine made from roses , and then the necrodelic found himself rising through the astral plane , with the purple droplet inside him the way he had been inside the soul of mother chaos , and the hypnotic instructions of mother chaos inside the purple droplet the same way ; a womb within a womb within a womb .
when the meadows , flowerbeds , plants , and trees surrounding them had taken on their true mystical properties , when their rose - colored bodies had grown paler and their dark green eyes had shrunken into their skulls , the incubus drelrei began the ritual , the sacrifice which was rebirth .
drelrei pulled on the sphinxes ' reins , shouting , ` ` to the rose gardens . ''
the large steeds stampeded over the planet obediently , into the fields of roses .
the necrodelic and morpheus rex were dragged helplessly behind , their skin catching and tearing on the thorns of roses , leaving large dewdrops of blood behind .
for an hour , they were pulled through the thorny roses , and then , for another hour , through fields of poison ivy .
from the tranquility of hyacinth to the sexual rush of roses , the battle - strengthening effects of venus fly traps to the near - death experiences of asphodel , chariah felt as though must have eaten one of every species of plant in existence within the last hour .
a single red rose had been left on the deck near the kitchen entrance .
` ` of course , '' elton said and walked toward the picnic table where the staff had spread a table cloth with red roses on it and had put out a variety of food and drinks for the residents and their guests .
bernard complained all the time because he said my roses were too close to his property .
roses by jo robertson roses .
roses by jo robertson roses .
but it was the roses that bothered her .
roses , strong and so very sweet ?
she walked down the stairs and the smell of roses hit her straight away .
she picked up her paint - roller and , brandishing it like a sword , started to climb the ladder again , ignoring the insistent rolling of her stomach and the smell of roses that had begun to drift into the room again .
the huge bouquet of gaudy orange roses that he revealed with a flourish made her pull back in a sudden rush of horror .
she smelt roses again .
the smell of roses drifted unchecked throughout the cavernous rooms .
one morning in the not - so - distant future i will bring with a red rose , and kiss the petals that are surely as delicate as her sweet lips .
the rose will be left in the forest along with the usual gifts of chocolate and wine .
how she sobs at his funeral and lays a rose on his coffin while crying out , ` ` i love you ! ''
` ` what , you think you smell like a rose ? ''
tonight , alex was dressed sharp ; clean and shaven , and carrying a small bouquet of roses .
the final touch to my little makeover was two silver combs decorated with realistic looking silver roses being placed into my hair to hold the top of it back .
husbands forced into buying chocolate sweets and long stem roses ( which died after two weeks anyway , so what was the fucking purpose ? ) .
not roses , he feared that might draw suspicion , but a mixed bouquet that he thought might look good set on the corner of her desk near the picture of himself he knew stood there .
across the back , near the property line were tall trellises , leaning under the weight of the climbing roses .
it came to me in a jarring flash , the thick scent of roses in the air and heavy metal pruners in my hand .
is that why you were out by the roses ?
i lifted my skirts , noticing the white undersleeves covering my arms , and followed the mossy stone path back to the far corner of the garden where the roses grew rambling and wild .
i breathed in the early evening air , pungent with the scent of the roses and summer honeysuckle .
i walked it every day , lingering by the roses .
i placed the rose on the ground and a chill ran through me .
` ` he 'd say he used it to plant a rose - bush in the back yard . ''
after they were gone , he took some rags and a bottle of alpaca gun oil out onto the bench beside the roses .
the girl curtseyed and was given a bouquet of roses by one of the earlier students still in costume .
they kissed cheeks and then the ballerina took two of the long - stemmed roses out of her bouquet and handed them to jason .
he came forward , took the roses , kissed her hand , and then she insisted on bringing him forward so they bowed together .
another bouquet of roses was brought out for the ballerina .
stephen and the senior girl were taking their bows , and he had a handful of roses from her bouquet .
` ` when i realized how stupid i 'd been toward both of you i thought about sending flowers , but did n't think there were enough roses in the world to make up for what i 'd almost done to all of us . ''
the scent of roses was thicker , but underneath that was the scent of jasmine , and that had never been belle 's perfume .
she was gone , so why did belle morte smell of roses and jasmine ?
she smiled , and the scent of roses and jasmine grew stronger .
` ` the roses are your scent , but jasmine is marmee noir , '' i said .
the scent of jasmine and roses began to fade .
` ` jean - claude gives you roses every week . ''
fading roses , this garden 's over . ''
he could n't shake the idea that he would never see tom and jordan again ( fading roses , his mind whispered ) , but he refused to let it grow into a premonition .
love would be like a kiss at dawn ... or the last kiss , the real one , at the end of the harlequin romance stories ... love would be like roses in twilight ...
before it can go out , he lights a second that shoots off light as dusky - red as the roses which grow beside the picket fence around the new pool .
she was propped against the closet 's side wall and dressed in clothes johnny thought of as boot scootin secretarial - tapered slacks , not denim , and a silk shirt with entwined roses embroidered over the left breast .
there was orange smoke jetting from its nostrils and a baleful rose - madder glint in its eyes .
it was like swooning into a rose .
triple - time , as for perlmutter , the roses in his cheeks died at once .
it had been real enough then , real as roses , real as raindrops .
the only unanswered question was which guy had talked her into the rose on her tit .
to this i had for some reason felt the urge to add roses .
i saw them widen once slightly but perceptibly when wireman carefully unwrapped the last painting i 'd brought , roses grow from shells .
in this latest version , the girl in the rowboat was wearing a green dress with straps that crossed over her bare back , and all around her , floating on the sullen water , were roses .
the first should be of roses grow from shells .
` ` roses grow from shells .
it shone out on the large screen to my right , nine feet wide and seven feet high : a trio of gigantic lush roses growing from a bed of dark pink shells .
he interviewed me at the scoto instead , while a photographer took pictures of three carefully selected paintings : roses grow from shells , sunset with sophora , and duma road .
on one wall in there was roses grow from shells and a painting called i see the moon ; on another , three views of duma road .
i ca n't remember who wrote it , but it begins , ' speak , memory , that i may not forget the taste of roses nor the sound of ashes in the wind ; that i may once more taste the green cup of the sea . '
elizabeth exclaimed over i see the moon and the duma road series , but it was the way she reached her hands out to roses grow from shells , as if to embrace it , that gave me goosebumps .
she was still looking at roses grow from shells , and wiping her eyes .
in this one the first few rose - petals had begun to appear on the water ( plus one single yellow - green tennis ball with the letters dunl visible on it ) , and an odd assortment of geegaws were heaped on deck : a tall mirror ( which , reflecting the sunset , appeared filled with blood ) , a child 's rocking horse , a steamer trunk , a pile of shoes .
it sat there real as rocks and roses .
curtis stared at him , hard little roses of color burning high up on his cheekbones .
if it had been hothouse roses they 'd bought downtown instead of that kid 's bouquet , i might have been able to stay mad a little longer .
they were re - forming their cloud , hundreds of tiny black spots dancing around her eyes , only this time the spots were bigger and seemed to be bursting open like the blooms of black roses .
there was a scent of flowers in the air ; roses , she decided .
` ` for everyone else in this dump it 's four roses , '' ricky lee said .
the car passed and continued on down kansas street , as slow and serene as the pace car in the tournament of roses parade .
wild roses burned in his cheeks .
there were old rosebushes here , and while the roses both to the right and the left of the unanchored stretch of latticework were blooming in a lackadaisical way , those directly around and in front of it were skeletal and dead .
in this universe there might grow roses which sing .
the mood had been broken by rose , the hostess , who had come in with a dish of fortune cookies .
the brambly , run - to - the - wild roses were still there ... and those it had touched when it climbed out were still black and dead .
the wallpaper , which showed runners of roses and elves wearing green caps , was falling away from the spongy plaster in draggling leaves .
elves capered on the decaying wallpaper under runners of roses .
he might have believed that the fever dr . shinebone had almost gleefully predicted had come on him at last , and with a vengeance , but it was n't fever which had simultaneously brought wild red roses to his cheeks and tugged his forehead to the color of candlewax , not fever which made his hands shake so badly that he almost dropped the decanter of brandy as he brought it out of the sideboard .
red splotches the size of cabbage roses had grown on his cheeks and jowls .
he would stride upstairs , bellowing brian 's name , and the roses on the wallpaper would wilt when that hangman 's shadow passed over them .
` ` well , she had roses in her cheeks and her hair was sort of mussed and she actually laughed a few times . ''
it looked very improbable there - like seeing a rubber boot on a church altar or a rose lying on the engine block of a tractor .
cyndi rose martin , the lawyer 's wife , was one of the many people she had seen that night - cyndi rose had turned up early in the evening .
by then the switchboard was lit up like a christmas tree again , and sandy did not see cyndi rose take the rectangular package with the bright foil paper and the blue velvet bow from her large handbag and put it on norris ridgewick 's desk .
the firelight had put roses on his cheeks and embers in his eyes .
she comes to me across a dark room with a stone floor and i smell dry october roses .
october roses .
the smell of roses is its breath as it swoops toward me , dead flowers in a charnel house .
' the bloom is off the rose for this mother 's daughter , johnny . '
the girl 's coffin was filled with wild roses , which struck ray as unusual .
and roses , if you can .
a man came in last friday and bought every rose i had in stock - red , white , and yellow .
patricia went to stand by rose and turned her back .
it was only a hose after all , only canvas and brass , you could hack it to pieces and it would never complain , never twist and jerk and bleed green slime all over the blue carpet , because it was only a hose , not a nose and not a rose , not glass buttons or satin bows , not a snake in a sleepy doze ... and he had hurried on , had hurried on because he was ( ` ` late , i ' m late , '' said the white rabbit . )
the chevy just kept coming at a steady fifteen or so , like the pace car in the tournament of roses parade .
an amphetamine hangover is not as painful as the morning after the night you got through a whole fifth of four roses , but it is not as pleasant as , say , balling raquel welch would be .
there was in this room a dove gray carpet with dusky pink roses figured into the nap .
stencils on the wallpaper , large green leaves and pink flowers almost the same shade as the roses in the carpet .
one of her earliest memories was of peeing on the dove gray rug with the dusky pink roses figured into the nap .
it was in the parlor that her brother 's coffin had stood on a trestle bedecked with roses , chrysanthemums , and lilies of the valley , their dry perfume filling the room while in the corner the poker - faced clock kept its place , ticking and tocking off segments of time in a dry age .
i come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the roses and the voice i hear , falling on my ear the son ... of god ... disclo - o - ses and he walks with me and he talks with me tells me i am his own and the joy we share as we tarry there none other ... has ever ... known .
her cheeks had bloomed with roses .
we brought her some roses .
stagnant water poured out , and the half - dozen garden roses which had been blooming there were dead and gray - black before they landed in the puddle of smelly water on the table .
guns n ' roses was bellowing out of the shulmans ' apartment .
l got her half a dozen roses at the florist 's .
and i stood there with all of them yelling at me and l thought : i am going to open my mouth and scream roses !
he had gotten chuck talking about roses , and he had responded with a good , healthy yell of fire !
suckle , dust , and roses .
she was wearing a housedress with little red roses all over it , i remember , and she was kneading bread .
hallucinations turn real : the quicksilver puddle at the point where perspective makes parallel lines seem to intersect is really there ; the dead walk and talk ; a rose begins to sing .
goohringer raised his head , he saw a bright yellow rose go twirling down the grassy hill .
no bed of roses for their folks .
she asked us if we could play ` ` roses of picardy '' like red nichols and his five pennies , because , she said , it was her very favorite song .
she had no more time for sweet smiles or listening to ` ` roses of picardy '' ; you could have stuck a sign in front of her that said woman working that lady did n't need a knife and fork ; she needed a steam shovel and a conveyor belt .
there were six red roses in a vase beside the clock .
he saw the roses beside the clock in his and heidi 's bedroom .
the roses had n't been there when he went to bed last night .
no ... linda had brought the roses .
but for now what brett saw was a white , secret world , and he was filled with the secret joys of it : the husky smell of hay that would he ready for its first cutting in a week , of manure , of his mother 's roses .
he could smell dust , damp , honeysuckle , roses .
it was like finding a rose growing in a rubbish heap , and she smiled back .
' the sun was fully up now , throwing a bright rose light over the houses and the streets below , and across castle hill .
they are cotton with roses all over them .
* the icy earth melts with the steam of warfare , the hot spilled blood mingling with the snowy mud in rivulets of dirty pink like the stain of old wedding roses .
the rose feels a chill , as of winter . ''
` ` example , roses are red violets are blue , if it was nt for these handcuffs i d play the kazoo . ''
helen appeared to be engaged in an intense debate with a large rose bloom .
i already told margaret and wendy to weave red roses into their pink dresses .
i explained the change , and they took the red roses out .
they ll be putting in white roses instead .
i notice you put in red and pink roses .
i want to talk to her about putting those red roses back onto her bridesmaid gown .
and since things do look promising between you and tom , ill remove the white roses on my dress and replace them with the red ones .
you can still show maureen the white roses you made out of those cloth napkins .
jessica took the red roses and smelled them before she placed them on the chair .
instead , she picked up the roses .
it was a nice quiet lawned area , with roses for a border , and a bench made of old driftwood at one end , but i decided i should n't get too comfortable , otherwise i 'd never get going again .
janet took the lead from rose and removed the umbrella , ate the cherry and then finally giving the cloudy blue mixture a swish round with the walking stick .
anyway , ' rose said , this is nice , eh , janet ?
janet glanced quickly at martha and then sheepishly at rose .
behind roses thick rimmed glasses , green eyes studied janets face as she waited for the reply .
she was an attractive woman , to him , and he knew the home front was not exactly a bed of roses .
a little rose called juliet told me .
penelope had been covered in a mass of daisies and roses .
a line of pink roses delicately touched the water around the water line .
lulu was afraid for the future of the two little bees at home with rose .
pink and white climbing roses had wrapped themselves around some of the veranda columns and entwined themselves in the white painted iron lattice work at the top below the roof .
his posture seemed to imply that he was supervising the operation , and he held a pint of four roses the way general patton might have held his binoculars .
timothy held out some roses to her .
timothy held out the roses again .
he held out the roses again .
shari looked at the roses , this time accepting them .
shari looked back at the roses .
death by cupcake the rose - colored sweet life of lost secret is in danger when shari 's hit grows more important .
in the living - room her feet , as she did handstands against the wall , and in the bathroom her elbows , which smelled deliciously of roses .
she raided his wardrobe they found redbear dead in the garden , crimson like a rose .
what followed was a romance out of fiction , even down to the great sex and the dozen roses .
even those indoors failed to escape the cull , brains splattered via the intuitive breakage of roof tiles and ceiling roses , candelabras unhooked and vases rocked from shelves by air compressed into pulses , condensation and rarefaction accounting for victims tripped by draught excluders in the shape of dachshunds and squashed under pianos , impaled on brass fireplace ornaments or poisoned by fractured gas appliances .
not being one to keep track of hallmark card holidays ( except secretarys day , which is april 27 and is now called administrative professionals day , which is totally unnecessary if you ask me , by which i mean the politically correct name , not the day itself ) , i did not know it was mothers day until a charming young woman , in a seemingly ubiquitous navy airport employee 's uniform , came up and offered me a rose .
he pointed next door where the neighbour had suddenly appeared in the garden to examine his already perfectly pruned roses .
some of mitch 's potato 's looked as big as watermelons , and the deep velvet color of judith mae 's roses was so amazing that bees would come from miles around just to see it .
he made another petal , and another , pressing them together until he had a gorgeous , massive rose .
chapter 58 i had obsessively worked on the fondant roses , carefully sculpting each petal and working to create massive blossoms i was pretty pleased with .
i flashed him a smile , almost wishing he would say something right now so i could show off the tupperware container full of fondant roses that was neatly tucked under my arm .
and that future was coming up roses .
he made just a quick stop at a florist shop to get a bouquet of roses he would present ketty with at the end of the day , when he would ask or if all else failed beg , her to chaperone the sadie hawkins day dance [ sadie hawkins dance : a common once a year get - together for school age children where girls would ask boys to be their dates .
* * * * * the cottage sat upon a small hill in the outskirts of heaven , surrounded by bushes of black roses and pink carnations .
satan came in knocking , carrying a dozen roses and a smile .
thorp , out of the car now , used his greater elevation to descry a woman , bruised yet conscious , roses in her hair .
a wide band with a circle of roses engraved all around it and a little loop on the front with a silver heart hanging from it caught my eye .
` ` are you doing the parsley wreath with carrot and radish roses and turnip daisies ? ''
` ` you do n't use both kinds of roses on the same wreath .
` ` this man he was downstairs in his car in front of our building '' she snatched the rose from the child 's hand and tossed it inside the door .
jennifer looked from the boy 's grinning face to sam 's and down to the bouquet of white roses he was holding .
` ` did he give you the rose ? ''
the rose ?
she grabbed a ceramic tea pot , filled it under the faucet , and plopped the roses in .
mr . white roses sam was attempting to seduce her into her catering outfit , not out of her intimate apparel .
but he was forgetting the roses .
roses made it a date no matter what he said , and she had the dried petals to prove it .
she has fresh flowers on the coffee table , fresh flowers on the dining room tablecut , mixed , no roses .
the twin towers of york minster rear up before them and the river ouse oozes beneath them as they pass the statue of george leeman the railway king , swing into lendal and on to lendal bridge , with its leitmotif of lions , three to a shield , entwined with white roses engraved in the iron work .
so a nice weekend coming up for the racing and do n't forget the roses match starts at headingley tomorrow .
katze 's courting card goes like this - roses are red , violets are blue , stay in your bed and i 'll marry you .
'' all chocolates and roses before they get what they want and then , when they ' ve had their wicked way with you , voom , they 're off , like a bat from an oven .
the neat , green lawns had been particularly immaculate that day , the scent of the roses strongly sweet whilst the water , sparkling like crystal caught in the sunshine , had plashed playfully into the fountains .
cries yo - yo as the penny farthing skids away and over the wall to land in a rose - bush in a garden below .
yo - yo , listening appreciatively , notes the famous rose window dating from 1500 and ' celebrating ' the union of the houses of white - rose york and red - rose lancaster , and also the rood - screen with its subtly suggestive selection of kings , from william the bastard ( i ) and william the red ( ii ) to edward the bugger ( ii ) and henry the rubbish ( vi ) .
back in the states , his working life in the present economic climate would be no bed of de - thorned roses .
the tour took them past a trio tinkling glasses and smoking foul - smelling cigars around a sandstone birdbath , itself ringed by rose beds ; past an amorous couple pretending to be interested in a georgian sundial ; past a large sunken herb garden in which a class in life - drawing with a most fetching nude model seemed to be taking enrolments ; and then around to the party zone proper .
vanilla and roses .
more like someone baked something delicious while roses opened up in a vase nearby .
chapter six alec woke to the scent of roses and a stiff body .
he smiled into her hair and the smell of roses wafted into his nostrils .
maybe because he was on edge , because he could still smell her roses shampoo and it was driving him nuts .
it lasted for several minutes and was accompanied by quite a few roses tossed at the thespians feet upon the wooden dais .
her withdrawn posture , like that of a wilted rose , revealed her distaste for what seemed inevitable .
she was wearing a short - sleeved black gypsy - style blouse , a long crushed velvet black skirt , and a black bandana around her head with blacker roses .
she raised the most beautiful roses provo had ever seen , along with marigolds , petunias , daisies and carnations .
i wanted to bring him a bouquet of his favorite yellow roses , and give him all the flower trimming tools a gardener could hope for .
but when he reached the end zone , instead of carrying a football he was carrying a bouquet of roses !
several of the girls in the group threw roses , whose thorns had been stripped from their stems .
the dog was strangely deformed and looked to be the canine equivalent of a pressed rose .
in fact , i thought if i immersed myself in the feelings the rose gave me i might have been able to silence the bond for a few precious moments .
and now an investigation will be carried out , and taylor will come out smelling of roses .
both toilets freshly smelt like rose or vine the showers had not yet seen a spot of grime .
we went up past the greenhouse and around to the rose gardens .
we went to the herbaceous borders behind the rose gardens .
knocked down all those nice tea roses the gardener had just finished planting . ''
i would prefer roses any day .
now , roses .
there followed a long argument between the gardener and winterhaiming on trees and roses .
it was chanel number five , clarity was sure of that , a scent developed by master perfumer ernest beaux for gabrielle ' coco ' chanel , which included the smell of rose , jasmine , orris - iris - root and natural musks .
refusing to medicate artificially , he instead opted for a more active and brighter life , but soon discovered that australia was not all wine and roses - though a dammed sight more laid back than europe .
cork screw had her blouse up at the side tantalisingly exposing her delicate adornment , an entwined reticulation of wild roses .
she had a nametag with rose , sos written on it .
so he sent roses , dozens of them , by private courier .
he could begin by sending roses .
chlo tait grosse , oui , une grosse petite fille , aux joues rebondies et roses , courte sur pattes , et paisse , elle navait ni la nuque gracile de vanessa , ni mes longues jambes de tennisman et de springteur la gym lcole .
elle , dans son appartement bien rang du dix septime , lui , dans son appartement bohme du septime hrit de ses parents , et la fille , dans sa chambre aux posters de chanteurs , avec son couvre lit fleurs roses chez sa mre .
no sooner had selena gotten into her comfortable pajamas and was gazing at the perfect rose xavier had given her when her mom had stepped into her room , handing her the cordless telephone .
ill just float across there and ask him to marry me right now to prevent a lot of hassle , introductions and stuff , she said dreamily , falling in and out of love a few times , red roses and rings and things , families , a mother who wo nt allow him out after dark , assignations below his balcony , more policemen when i break into his flat .
stinks round here , mind , bruce coughed , alluding to the aroma rising from a nearby rose bush .
sheila looked doubtfully sideways across her cheek at them now , now that he might be foreign and an infiltrator of one of their english roses .
i fought the blush of embarrassment threatening to paint the roses of my cheeks red .
anger and resentment have been replaced by a warm cloak of serenity , and while it may be a bit too late in the day to place an advertisement in the local paper which states she would like to apologise to the entire village for her forthright grumpiness over the years , it is never too late for anyone to change ; and at the ripe old age of eighty - two , the spectacles miss moseley adjusts on the bridge of her nose as she picks up a faded photograph of her mother are , at least , inclining towards the rose - tinted variety .
chapter thirty three days of cholesterol and roses there can not be a single man or woman amongst us who can sleep through the smell of frying bacon , and arnold matson was no exception as he awoke , sniffed and creaked into life before eventually realising where he was .
in truth , all he d got was a clip around the ear hole and a so it was you who stole my friggin roses was it ? .
rose - marie introduced the property with a slice of history : now , my great - great - great grandfather , crudite meuniere , raped cherisse 's great - great - great - great grandmother , galette meuniere , who was enslaved on this plantation , and she had a child , and so cherisse and i are also related , rose - marie said , matter - of - factly , while shoving a tray of some freshly - made sweets at us .
i had roses and her favorite champagne .
now , normally i would think this a quite sophisticated move ; one you might see in the old black and white movies , made by a handsome man with a pencil - thin mustache wearing a tux , ready with a rose between his teeth to invite me to do the mamba .
i have not been able to buy any flowers , but i have a second best , an eduardo sketch of a bunch of red roses ... he really should drop the naked women and stick to plant life .
a rose may be a rose by any other name , but call your kid marion and the odds do n't stack in his favor .
a rose may be a rose by any other name , but call your kid marion and the odds do n't stack in his favor .
red roses tumbled out of the box and onto the floor , and the murderbot stepped on them without remorse or pity .
strangely , the single rose placed on the park platform by hattie scott is still there , as radiant as it was the evening she left it .
back to where the girls got real tats , black ones , not little roses on their butts , like here .
rosebud was a reference to a real flower , the flower on the vase that scafarel always kept near her , a white rose which had a name .
' and so the rose of levity will lift the spirit of the one watching it for more than thirty seven minutes in a row , and will reveal the thirty six false views , among them greed , disbelief in cause and effect and clinging to views , which prevent us from attaining the noble eightfold path of proper conduct , speech and livelihood , proper diligence , mindfulness and concentration , proper views and proper intent , compass of the church of the holy flower , a church made for the affluent woman . '
the flower in the vase , known as the rose of levity , was unique .
` ` i know scafarels secret , '' she said , ` ` its preservation of youth , the rose of levity is the ineffable shade of time , it leads to this chart in the champagne bottle , maxini gave a poster size version to me , she said now that were members of the church and that we paid fifty thousand dollars for it , we can have it .
her friends were getting naked , as the holy flower , the rose of levity , was meant to be seen naked .
` ` may the rose of levity and its water attune the wetness of those women present here , and may the murabaha come to fruition . ''
money fact had told her to bring back the rose of levity and the techniques of mystical and sexual ecstasy and those principles of spiritual perfection that scafarel used on the women she convinced to be part of her church .
` ` well open only if we can take part in fourth heaven ceremonies of the holy flower , and if you show us the rose of levity , '' said clarity , ` ` naked , '' she added .
across from her , scafarel placed the rose of levity inside a small vase that started blowing air to it , lifting it several inches off the floor .
` ` give me the broderie , and i wo nt drop you off in the ocean , you ve put in danger the growth of the rose of levity . ''
scafarel took aside charles , asking him about a missing item which was indispensable for the wedding : the rose of levity , the item included in the power of attorney document to be signed by shalia owell and jenny owens , whose property would be transferred from the church of the holy flower to the two wealthy , young women , in exchange for a seat in the o & o board of directors for scafarel .
chapter fourteen jenny owens , an amateur collector of flowers , had paid the sum of fifty thousand dollars for the rose of levity , instead of the entry fee for a bottle of elony , and that included access to the churchs hexas style resort in the bahamas for her and her friend shalia owell .
in addition , various photographic shots of the rose of levity served as biometric imprints for each of the women getting married , and the rose of levity itself was the pass to further spiritual advisory on pleasure , meridians , and proper guidance including a church guru by the name of senpath gorumbador .
in addition , various photographic shots of the rose of levity served as biometric imprints for each of the women getting married , and the rose of levity itself was the pass to further spiritual advisory on pleasure , meridians , and proper guidance including a church guru by the name of senpath gorumbador .
it was important to know where the rose was at any particular moment so that the document was signed .
` ` the rose has been delivered to your boutique suite in the hotel , '' said charles , ` ` will you be taking one , two , three or four women into your suite after the wedding ? ''
` ` yes , '' said shalia owell , kissing the rose of levity on the lips , before kissing cassandra scafarel as well on her own rose of levity perfumed lips .
` ` yes , '' said shalia owell , kissing the rose of levity on the lips , before kissing cassandra scafarel as well on her own rose of levity perfumed lips .
scafarel dropped on the owens & owell heirs the vase filled with water fed to the rose of levity , without the flower itself , placed in a thin glass tube on the conference table .
scafarel , in a moment of inatentive guard duty of members of the special security force , inattention due to jenny owens bending down and over to pick up the glass tube holding the rose of levity , which had fallen from the conference table , ran through the backdoor of the conference room , reaching the entrance of the hotel through an escalator bypass , that placed her at the wheel of a 1977 white lotus esprit .
she looked at the rose of levity that jenny owens was contemplating , how the girl was taking a close look at the petals , and looking for water .
` ` there s more to it than that , rosebud is a church codeword for initiates who want out of the church , instead of continuing to the next stage , embodied by the rose of levity , and the rose of levity leads to the road where all spiritual roads lead , a sort of quest , whose symbol is light , light such as the light of this cream color embroidered lingerie cotton outfit , but a deeper light with ineffable meaning . ''
` ` there s more to it than that , rosebud is a church codeword for initiates who want out of the church , instead of continuing to the next stage , embodied by the rose of levity , and the rose of levity leads to the road where all spiritual roads lead , a sort of quest , whose symbol is light , light such as the light of this cream color embroidered lingerie cotton outfit , but a deeper light with ineffable meaning . ''
so they stepped onto the podium dressed in matching seersucker suits , peter in blue , pater in rose , white suede oxfords on their feet , gold watch chains , sam sneed style golf hats made from the finest tan wicker material .
he had gotten off the plane and bought a dozen beautiful long stemmed red roses .
he walked up to the door , big bundle of roses in hand , and knocked .
turn around bitch i got a use for you besides , you ai nt got nothin better to do and i m bored its so easy , guns n roses on a wooden park bench , commanding a panoramic view spanning the blue vastness of the pacific ocean and the shoreline up to torrey pines , stood a healthy four - year - old seagull .
its so easy , by guns n roses played on the earbuds connected to the ipod at a volume loud enough to enjoy but low enough not to block alex totally from the outside environment .
it was nearly three years after guns n roses released the illusions albums , and there was a lull in any kind of musical leadership .
this time it was every rose has its thorn by poison .
paradise city , guns n roses thirty - eight miles from the state line , the mandalay bay hotel , for all practical purposes , marks the beginning of the las vegas strip .
its guns n roses .
sweet child omine by guns n roses started playing in the casino .
guns n roses smoothly transitioned to break on through by the doors .
adding to my distaste for valentines day was the fact that the same dozen roses i d bought for her the previous week cost $ 20- $ 30 dollars more on this love sanctioned day .
she ate the last date on her plate , and sipped the rose .
you can look at other books on his website : richarddorrance.com all greek to me i. c. springman copyright 2013 i. c. springman smashwords edition dedication to edward snowden , chelsea manning , and all those who risked so much to give us a snowballs chance contents before - came back haunted 1 song of the dispossessed 2 somewhere near texas ( i lost my man ) 3 you are a tourist 4 lately 5 the glory of economy 6 roses for the dead 7 this charming man 8 hard to explain 9 breaking into cars 10 bizness 11 via con me 12 people like us 13 trust 14 hidden systems 15 ghost in the machine 16 reboot the mission 17 you can leave your hat on 18 things ai nt what they used to be 19 a mansion and a yacht 20 serve them well 21 london calling 22 the palace guards 23 step into my office , baby 24 of all the gin joints 25 the killing type 26 riding shotgun down the avalanche 27 lost in hollywood after - if i did nt care it turns out that 730 top shareholders are able to control 80 % of the operating revenue of all tncs ( transnational corporations ) .
looking absolutely dumbfounded , matt stepped closer , a huge bouquet of white roses in his hand .
matt , in panic , started whipping henry with the roses .
he did nt think the red outside was a rose - colored - glasses thing .
just because it 's a beautiful day and i get to go home , '' he said to a startled and delighted hotel maid , as he handed her a modest handful of roses .
he kissed the hand he could pry loose from the roses .
she pulled free , found a place to stash her roses in her cart until she could find someplace better for them , and rolled off down the hall .
the words did n't match his walk , which was almost jaunty not surprisingly , since he 'd just landed a most wanted man , and also had been out buying roses for a lady .
all he did was give her roses .
if she had never met me in the first place , the number might have been high as 5 . and those were the days of roses i sang to myself , as i slid the card into the doorjamb .
tiny roses impaled upon pearl - topped pins .
the mock - perfect rose and spun to face mr . white , his eyes widened with shock and rage , but he fell slowly back down when he saw otto with the pistol .
catalog prints of countless flowers were pinned to the walls roses and tulips and lilies and chrysanthemums .
it does nt exactly smell like roses in here .
i wanted to be able to marinate in the sweet fragrance of irises , daffodils , roses and lavender i planned on cultivating in the backyard .
what color roses are you feeling ?
she wants to look at roses .
we picked up some roses .
you know , contrary to what people think , with their petals being all delicate , roses grow like weeds .
i close my eyes and pretend i ' m sitting on my porch at home , maybe even planting my roses in the front yard .
the roses are planted just as i imagined .
paperback books mostly , from trashy novels to shakespeare to expert guides on growing roses .
barbies fun is not all a bed of roses , however , as she suddenly does nt feel so well .
michael had trimmed the hedges , pruned the roses and mowed the lawn .
we ate his preparationi ca n't even remember what it wasand he talked of how the roses were losing some petals and they needed special fertilizer that he would purchase the next day .
gorgeous jewellery , high end designer fashion and accessories and a very romantic caf , room with roses .
the upside of this program is that by spring the poop that survived notbeing collected on my shoeshaving been frozen all winter disintegrates into a nice granular fertilizer by spring and the roses etc .
the roses they grew popped out at you with their vivid colors : red , orange , pink , white , yellow and even those rare dark , dark purple ones .
the mutant root plugged itself into the roots of the hedges and began the corruption that would ruin mrs . terrell 's precious roses .
and what could possibly be so interesting about the center of a rose that it needed layers of curtains opening one at a time ?
busy baking pies , mrs . terrell was unaware that she was about to be assaulted by her own prize roses .
even mrs . terrell decided to go for artificial roses ; she reasoned this would give her more time for her other hobbies .
the altar , where my nervous walk will end , is fantastically decorated with roses of all colours ; without being disrespectful to the holy nature of the place .
we ve been warned about this , warned that a few roses could be placed around the altar , but that anything in excess of that would be deemed disrespectful .
the roses on the altar had nt been a big thing back then , and i think way too much has been made about it now .
he s embarrassingly questioned us on many things ; the roses , anatoly not being catholic , my divorce , and the list goes on .
half way there and i m thunderstruck ; the altar looks magnificent ; the roses are truly beautiful .
i love roses more than most people love breathing .
i mean roses touch my soul .
i try not to look at the roses because i know ill tear up .
these roses ca nt stay here .
this ceremony will not happen as long as these roses are on this altar .
a thin blonde girl , cigarette hanging out of her mouth , a tattoo of a rose adorning the left side of her neck ambled out .
the magic wand had transformed a perfectly good patch of eerie mist into an eighteenth - century romantic garden , complete with grottos , gazebos , and a rose - pink mansion .
there were masses of roses everywhere they looked .
she motioned to a gazebo clotted with roses and orchids , where freddy manichean heresy stood gazing ardently into his sweetheart 's composure .
tracer had seen this man and his hand at work before , crushing a man 's throat for the sin of dropping one of his precious albums of dried , pressed roses !
` ` it has n't exactly been a bed of roses here in bucket , you know , '' he said .
i thought it would be better than a bunch of roses .
of course , it was the end of the season for roses so she probably would nt get many more blooms .
the roses were pinky red on the outside and yellow on the inside , some kind of hybrid , obviously , but the effect was gorgeous .
he said it was more permanent than a bunch of roses from the grocers .
her long blue robes resembled a sari , with layers of fabric delicately embroidered in pink roses and spiraling vines .
a pair of ceramic cupids faced each other , holding white roses .
rapturous members of the audience threw bouquets of roses onto the stage .
visions of a backwoods cabin , a tight - fitting miniskirt , and lipstick that tasted of roses flashed through deans mind .
bundles of roses landed at the feet of the smiling couple , and they waved at the unending cheers .
scafarels church of the holy flower , on the other hand , includes its very own holy flower , the rose of levity , a real flower , one of the most expensive in the world , a gold of kina balu rose , a variation on a mrs . herbert stevens rose .
in order to become a member of scafarels church with shalia owell and access the churchs resorts and intricate personal development spiritual growth program , jenny owens bought the rose of levity from scafarel for fifty thousand dollars , a bargain according to scafarel , who argues that the flower is priceless .
` ` can we put a border of rhododendrons or roses around the perimeter ?
as always , she was unbelievably beautiful that evening , wearing a little black dress and a brooch of roses .
how game of thrones will end : the influences driving the show and all the paths it may take as many know , game of thrones takes its story from many influences : the war of the roses , catherine de medici , norse and celtic myth as well as medieval ballads .
among the immaculate gardens of blossoms and roses enjoyed by the prolific bird life is the jubilee chapel complex .
he sent her a dozen perfect red roses .
she also likes to hang out at the krakatoa , chewing the gum , and is on the bar 's bowling team , the crackling roses .
i charge over twenty kisses an hour , satisfying and miring the highest power , screwing roses and straws for your funeral bower , an ' aprs i ski your sloping furniture , you 'll take me out to a coffee ballgame and crumpets befitting a lady of my immense and concrete statue , which is three miles of island heatwave smiles , and still , lust in space , you are tryin ' cryin ' and smilin ' .
send no flowers , hers are black roses !
caza bought ' er a commisserative bud and gabe tossed her paper roses made of kleanex , pink and yellow and blue .
i delivered roses to her every day .
pure , unspoiled white roses .
she stared down the garden , over the soft , long grass , past the bright , colourful dahlias and roses , oranges , pinks and yellows , past the shrubs and the bushes , through the cruel barbed wire her sister 's boyfriend had erected on top of the fence to deter would - be burglars to the shady copse beyond , with its pale green shadows and darting dragonflies and gently winding stream and old , gnarled , moss - smothered trees .
all you can smell is honeysuckle or roses .
a single red rose lay upon the grave .
as the sun melted down into a glow of gold and apricot , one or two mothers , in starched white aprons , had appeared under the climbing roses and honeysuckle creepers to call their offspring in for bed where they might , or might not , sleep peacefully , safe in the knowledge that the realm was secure .
i had to explain to her that we had to win the right competitions to make it to the rose parade .
she would draw a man in and then the delivery of roses would begin .
he had a box of chocolates in one hand and a dozen roses in the other .
` ` i bought you candy and roses , '' he whined .
` ` here 's what i think of your roses , you dumbass . ''
and several times , roses have been delivered from some man or other who did not know she had moved on .
serenas countenance went cold at this insolence and she turned to one side to study a row of miniature roses on a nearby shelf .
first she cleared the mess away that juliet had caused , and then she set about pruning the miniature roses on their trestle opposite the green .
marla looked down at juliet , prone and face - down at her feet and without having to think about it she plucked up one of the largest potted roses from the trestle and positioned it above the back of juliets skull .
he tried to hide it but only managed to freak out an old lady waiting for a cab when she noticed a newspaper dangling over fenwick 's middle while his hands were busy holding a dozen red roses and a box of swiss chocolates .
he stomped out of the terminal , pausing only to deposit the dozen red roses and box of swiss chocolates in the hands of a just arrived chinese tourist who would later return home and tell everyone about the wonderfully gracious welcome she received from the city of tucson and not so coincidentally secretly begin making plans to emigrate .
one smuggler , wilfrido ' el feo ' bosch , who was considered a wise ass even among his smuggling brethren , went so far as to send an anonymous bouquet of a dozen long stemmed red roses to port director zamora , the attached note saying , simply : ` ` thanks for everything ! ''
she however did not contract leprosy , despite her mother 's fervent invocations to her personal deity , and survived to return to america where she breezed through harvard and got her mba and without fail sent her mother a dozen withered black roses every mother 's day .
[ editor 's note : don nadie said to send a dozen , dozen yellow roses each to oprah and uma . ]
the penthouse suite at the paris hilton for a year : don nadie sent a dozen , dozen yellow roses by way of apology .
two gross more yellow roses .
[ note to editor : a dozen , dozen yellow roses to all the women in the rolls - royce of universes ! ]
hopefully , the above - mentioned roses will cover that indiscretion as well .
and her face ai nt exactly roses .
but i meant roses the plant , quentin said .
i do nt know what drugs you republicans are taking , but it must be nice to be able to stick your head up your ass and smell nothing but roses .
the flesh is mortified , the skin just embarrassed for those of you who are still young and pretty , know that at some point that ends ; the bloom is off the rose , the petals fall , the sweet smells sour and you re left with thorns and a hard , dry , tasteless fruit .
when she came back outside , celestine took a bucket of the compost and carried it over to the roses .
she touched a branch of the rose and part of it moved and walked away !
i did nt know roses could live so long , i said , regretting that i sounded so ignorant about something celestine had a passion for .
oh they can live longer than this one , i ve seen roses in france that are hundreds of years old .
oh , just a revolving group of friends and acquaintances that come over to drink , smoke , bullshit and celebrate the death of another day , celestine said as she pinched beetles off the roses and squished them to death .
we wandered across to a nice looking cottage with roses around the door and a tall , rickety white picket fence surrounding it .
never before had i been able to discern so many different smells at once : pine trees , fresh cut grass , roses in a nearby garden , and the oily , tar smell of the asphalt in the street .
they stood silently on the sidewalks outside the courthouse holding roses .
this time they will be holding white roses and singing salve regina .
when they came outside , mercy was shocked to find the street was full of hundreds of people holding roses and singing the ave maria .
inside the cemetery were thousands of people , carrying roses and standing silently waiting for the funeral procession to pass .
they started to leave , when the people in the crowd began to file by , dropping roses into the open grave and murmuring words of comfort and support to the members of the community .
there was a relatively small but faithful group of mostly catholics who had supported them from the beginning ; they turned out for public events holding roses and singing hymns .
only thousands and thousands of people holding white roses , many of them elderly nuns and priests .
my aunt was buying roses , carnations , babys breath .
lucy lopes over to my roses and sniffs .
she s going to pee on my roses , i think .
her eyes tell me she is just smelling the roses , thank you very much .
grace my roses look splendid in the late afternoon light .
the rose scent is subtle , not cloying like some other roses .
i know mom , i say , taking her hand in mine as we sit on a bench by the roses .
into spring he walked , the mountain 's southern slopes alive with heather and roses , a feast of purple that softened his features and reflected in the ax 's steel like sunset .
roses might blossom in the snow , bright anachronisms , like red swans on a lake of marble ; alive if cold .
in addition to a dozen roses , marie receives the following original collection of words from her husband .
the book never lags for a instant , and it is full of realistic details on a wide framework of topics which range from dealing with the psychological integration of half - way house residents into society , the intricacies of the game of softball , the atmosphere of pubs , the challenges facing building contractors , the mindset of the kkk , to the correct planting of roses .
there was the heaven and earth at first and light and love ; then saturn , from whose throne time fell , an envious shadow ... shelley , prometheus unbound , ii , iv , 32 - 34 * * * * * table of contents today and tomorrow a car , a cottage , and the persistence of memory dangerous games love and hate a gathering of like - minded men secrecy refuge live and let live two serious conversations the last to know meeting secretly end of the affair snowbound girls night out losing the way roses trapped the fatal shot it doth repent me a note about the writer # # today and tomorrow fiona sparrow could hear someones high - pitched screaming and the sounds of things crashing to the floor that told her one of the residents was having a psychotic episode in the recreation room upstairs .
hating her would be like hating a rose or a butterfly .
it had been a long time since bill had given her roses .
the next day bill found a florist open on sunday and ordered a dozen long - stem roses to be delivered to her room .
the roses showed her doubts to be groundless , and when he shyly knocked on her door an hour later they had declared their love .
ever after roses had been their special flower .
the thought , the wish , that tonight he would come home with roses yes , they were going through a dry period , all her time taken with the two boys , his boys as much as hers .
roses they had gathered together on a sunday afternoon of a beautiful late april day to plant rose bushes .
further down the road where newer colonial houses built within the last twenty years were prevalent , pat saw a house which had a hedgerow of roses .
pat said that someday she would like to have a row of roses like the one they were admiring , and lowell , who loved having projects , started talking about what would be necessary to do to put a hedge of roses in .
pat said that someday she would like to have a row of roses like the one they were admiring , and lowell , who loved having projects , started talking about what would be necessary to do to put a hedge of roses in .
you got those roses from a gardening catalog , right ?
so it was that frequently during weekends in april he reluctantly cruised the streets of waska in darrens tiny car looking for edgecomb and fiona sparrow at their mothers houses , which they were known to visit on weekends , and even more reluctantly becoming involved in the fracas that followed their coming upon the pair planting roses at pat edgecombs house .
ever since those nazis interrupted their rose planting she had been possessed with an irrational feeling of foreboding .
the determining factor was their landlady mrs . fourniers annual tea party , also always scheduled for may , where she and her lady friends discussed roses and other gardening delights .
if marilyn had nt seduced bill , if the pair had nt seen them planting the roses and if the fight had nt happened , things would have been different .
jamie lay on a blanket asleep and rosie , with the hem of her long , full skirt in her hand to make a sack , collected petals of wildflowers all over the hillside and then she stood over jamie and let her skirt fall , and all the petals of wild roses and laurel blossoms fell , burying jamie in softness and scent .
more than the wild roses or exotic azalea blossoms , stillbird loved lilacs and often broke off a sprig to carry with her throughout the day .
then he spoke and his voice was mild and sweet , low and soft , as if he did not want to disturb the quiet of the dawn , which concluded itself above them in a brilliant rose and then disappeared into an innocent blank sky .
he had thought rose would have prepared the child , but of course she had not , and it was ida and her husband who cajoled mary into giving a proper greeting to her father , and explained to him how little children were .
charles had saved most of his pay ( sending some back to rose ) to buy another cabin on another piece of land that lay near his old home .
but at home rose was morose and the forest suited her mood perfectly , hiding her , enfolding her in a permanent twilight .
a minister from the town came out to preside over the ceremony , and everyone was solicitous of rose for charless sake .
they ran the general store even into their eighties , and soon duane convinced his grandmother to retire and stay home and bake and he would stand behind the counter now , having left the sawmill job , and wait for rose of sharon to come in to buy some calico and coffee and yeast and candy .
charles always came into town with rose now the winter had come and they came into town very seldom .
he had fallen in love not only with rose of sharon but with the image of himself as part of a tragic triangle .
the tulips were already gone and the daffodils , but the marigolds were coming in , the day lilies continued strong , and mary fed and watered the roses so they would hold their heads up for the return of their mistress .
that s what mary called her mother when she came home , pale and weak , but at least smiling : the mistress of the roses .
but mary always asked for roses , and that was mostly what charles carved .
everyone looked at rose admiringly .
so then mary asked him about the christmas before that , and her father became angry , wondering why she kept asking about christmases and remembering that the last one she asked about was only a few months after rose of sharon had died , had died , had died .
he had picked the last roses from the garden and put these into her hands , she grasped them in her sleep , oblivious to the thorns that pierced her skin and tiny veins and oblivious to the blood that streamed down her hands and arms as her father carried her to the river that would be her grave .
plodding to the front door , he turned the key , twisted the brass knob , molded to the shape of a rose , and tugged open the massive front door , as shed told him , so they d know it was permitted the ladies of the town to enter .
occasionally he could make out the lower tones of roses voice and the clear , strong laughter of ruthies in the adjacent room , and , when he heard her sisters voice rising up above the timbre of the wind , gordon could not help but smile .
looking around in the midst of his first strides towards the arch of the dining room , where their vows were now to be said because the roaring of the wind had pushed aside an outside celebration , he caught roses eye and almost stopped , so full she seemed of something ahead of him , of something he had hungered for a long time and now was approaching so surely in the midst of this muffled room heated with bodies ; this room filled with wondering eyes , smiling faces and the scuffling of feet .
they would stay up late in the night watching videos on mtv , ( little known factoid : mtv stands for music television , and they once played amusic videos @ instead of vapid reality shows ) , and mike took great pride in predicting the rise of guns n roses after the first viewing of welcome to the jungle .
he imagined there were townspeople throwing roses on the ground in front of him and he blew kisses and imaginary waves at the gathered masses .
her breath tasted like roses , well roses with a touch of heineken , and he inhaled her whole scent as they continued amashing @ .
her breath tasted like roses , well roses with a touch of heineken , and he inhaled her whole scent as they continued amashing @ .
anyhow , two days later he was back in the land of dog poop and roses and was happy about it .
she had long black hair , arranged in a thick plain bun under a purple velvet hat with black satin roses .
after that conversation , his mother never again requested a rose bush but he saw her look longingly at the roses in town gardens whenever they all went to town .
it was an odd rose bush though because in the summer it put forth pink roses tinged with red and in the fall , white roses tinged with pink .
it was an odd rose bush though because in the summer it put forth pink roses tinged with red and in the fall , white roses tinged with pink .
the roses were small considering the size of the stalks but delicate and exquisitely formed .
as soon as sarah saw the roses on the bush that had been so long barren she understood , said not another word , just waited to be escorted back into her darkened room where she lay silently indifferent to everything until she died not three weeks later .
thems sure beautiful roses , ai nt never seen roses that beautiful .
thems sure beautiful roses , ai nt never seen roses that beautiful .
ishmael was proud of his roses .
he was tempted to tell houston that people came from all over the county to see those roses on a sunday afternoon .
whatchu gon na do when you have to leave them roses ?
ishmael never looked at houston but his careful pruning had become savage and decapitated roses were flying everywhere .
when he came back robert isaac lay in a pool of blood in a pile of pink and white roses and nothing ishmael tried would bring him back to life .
ishmael never uttered another word that anyone could understand but he tended the roses in the hospital gardens .
for them , there was no place in society , so she found them a place in the wild , savoring sunrises and roses , birdsong and singing creeks .
after the first soft snow fall maggie alice saw with childlike delight that a rose had finally blossomed on the most ancient of the two rose bushes , small and solitary but exquisitely formed with velvety petals as deep a dark red as blood .
she was a little bit jealous of jenny , who was equally poor and yet could still bring roses out of muck .
the trail , bordered by small shrubs and grass where wild roses , daisies and dandelions grew abundantly , led to the left .
after the large demonstration in front of ridlon recycling and ( more to the point ) after receiving numerous phone calls , letters and e - mails in support of myron , the blustering coward nevins had wilted like a rose on a hot rock .
two of the walls had matching pictures of vases of flowers , one with red roses , the other with white .
and its not as if the enemies were strewing roses across the paths of the world .
it had a deep black glaze with red roses and sat on the mantelpiece above the closed - in fireplace .
tris felt herself smiling at this further proof that ted and charlie were hitting it off nicely , but as they went into the kitchen she saw her daughter looking at her grandmothers black vase with the hand - painted roses .
there were exquisite roses growing by the front door so i took that as a sign .
she avoided the old house all covered with overgrown grasses , wild roses and elderberry trees and probably crawling with copperheads .
i was thinking of raindrops on roses , the soggy smell of damp dust , worms on the lawn and condensation when pablo suggested we go to the cala and watch the storm from there , we could get a bottle and stand on one of the balconies above the water and see the elements at work .
imported english stock carefully grafted onto roots from a native briar by her great grandfather simeon , it had , like roses the world over , thrived in foreign soil .
in the ensuing years shed had many suitors and sometimes ventured out to the garden of roses caf or the arajinna odeon .
but its no bed of roses .
i was going across to the garden of roses .
caroline had never ventured inside the famous garden of roses caf .
when i was nineteen stephen took me to the garden of roses and explained it allwhy my mother felt compelled to walk out and leave me .
half an hour at the garden of roses was all it took .
but my meeting with him ... the garden of roses ... it was pure chance .
she saw maxs brow furrow and added , the footnote would be : caroline blake , misleading oral history , garden of roses caf 1957 .
from the crimson roses placed upon the eiderdown , stem and petal fashioned into her name , to the impromptu trip to rome so she could see the vatican , a place she revered as much as life itself .
his shoes were from r. soles , and all the roses used to sprinkle on the bed as a romantic gesture to audrey were from a flower shop called florist gump .
roses husband , while having proved himself quite adept in all other matters of the family business , had reported difficulties in training his and roses young son to assume a more responsible role .
that s how our family got to ukraine , to the country of blooming chestnuts , where we settled down in a rose - scented miners land .
you know , i recently read by chance that helena blavatsky mentioned in her manuscripts about some kind of special spiritual practice that she called the rose of the world , which very distantly reminds me of the flower of lotus , kostya bragged about his discovery .
afternoon light falls in a shaft across the room , illuminating the book and picking up the faint pattern of roses on the chair .
the first time he gives me a rose , its because he cares about me .
every afternoon i go in and set up with the other servers , placing starched white tablecloths and fresh roses on the tables .
he 'd make it time for the roses , he was sure .
late summer roses .
it came wrapped in a glass bottle then , with moulded rose motifs ; in a plain square plastic one now .
austin pearce was back home on blue - green pulchritude in time for the roses .
the whole town remained in my mind , in infinite detail , like a rose floating in a bowl of water , like a lotus on a lake , like a vision , or the one primal memory of freedom a prisoner retains , like a crystal it remained , untouched and unchanged , through all the gloomy painful years of exile .
she settled on a miniature rose bush , with tiny red roses blooming on it .
she settled on a miniature rose bush , with tiny red roses blooming on it .
they sit on the patio next to the garden filled with roses .
he quickly selected a single rose and , without waiting for the vendor 's offered baby 's breath and green - leaf decoration , left a bill , and headed toward the office .
nitas clients , the furgesses , had not removed the plumbing , cut down the hallway chandelier , jacked up and carted away the garage , dug up the lilacs and roses , or peeled the sod from the yard .
at betts suggestion the ashes from the campfire had been scattered on the roses .
maybe the bloom is off the rose , or roast .
if they re more interested , they learn the differences among the varieties of a flower , dahlias , glads or , especially , roses .
gray carpet patterned with a small rose triangle .
ill be wearing a rose .
in his right hand and arm , he held a huge box of sweets and a bottle of wine ; his left hand clutched a gigantic bouquet of roses .
for a moment , it seemed almost as if bright red roses began to vine out of the walls and floor .
and even the roses around her started to wilt and smolder , as if the world were disintegrating under some great pressure and heat .
they made one stop at a florist , where a dozen white roses were quietly purchased .
katharyn scattered a few of the roses she brought with her on top of the new mound of earth .
she kissed the petals of the remaining roses and distributed them between the two other graves nearby .
okay , ill go and have lunch at the garden of roses caf .
a rose by any other name would smell the same .
below that band , the suns shards were so intense that maryellen could imagine they were what was making the leaves of the rose of sharon rustle and dance .
he carried in his arms a bouquet of red roses sitting in a clear vase .
i m going to the rose .
but if you want to stay the rose was nothing like a flower .
i flipped the on switch , held my breath , and looked through the viewfinder at the black - and - white girl framed by the twenty - foot ballroom window , arms behind her back , nylon toes planted on cut - loop carpet roses , twirling her shoulders to and fro in a darling dance that showed her impatience .
petals from a yellow rose were pressed between the pages , staining her thoughts with a colorful rorschach test .
trapped between his fingers was the pressed petal of a yellow rose .
i studied my physique through a frame of etched roses , quietly scrutinizing flat moles that peppered my neck and eyes that would never be so blue .
not around her eye , in her eye , blossoming from her iris like the center of a crushed rose .
the second boy skipped in , bowed over whits chair , and dropped a bouquet of yellow roses in her arms , prompting another round of awws from the onlookers .
mara cradled the roses in her right arm and formed her left into a sideways v , inviting ryan to link his arm through hers .
the house itself was well maintained , painted , roses grew over the trellis at the side .
in the spring , the peonies bloomed , the rose blossomed all summer and the hydrangea put on an impressive show in the fall .
my dreams are made of iron and steel , with a big bouquet of roses hanging down , from the heavens to the ground planet waves b. dylan laurahird.com happiness of fish the white fish are swimming at ease .
eric bought me a rose to commemorate .
oh , i love those roses of yours .
if not for the targeted bombs against civilians ' of the wrong - tribe .. other - mapping coloured sector green , brown , blue , yellow , and red ... from the scene : > familial : ... death threat drug - fuelled ... < < prison - break ! ... whistle - blowing wind break taking the scent off the air , rolling down the grassy bank , jumping a passing - train : nationalism : re - vitalising ... rationalisingself - serving , presuming , before the event soft - racism quiet derogation , pre - judicial unlawful - discrimination ... ultra - nationalism ... religiosity ... bigotry ... nice try ... pre- the event , hardened ... views ... rose - tinted nostalgia : lies !
` ` hello , '' he spoke , ` ` i ' ve meant to come to talk to you for awhile , i ' m sorry it took so long , '' as he spoke he played with the stem of the rose now on his lap .
again , the rose stem was played with in his hands and he held the rose to his nose briefly taking in its scent , his eyes closed .
finally , he composed himself and he picked up the rose from the ground , turning he looked at the tombstone , read the words across its face , his eyes followed the ground where she lay .
once more he went to his knees , this time beside her , he placed the rose on the ground above her .
it was unattractive , with a small front yard gone to waste apart from two rose bushes , a few pink roses still blooming .
a single rose flies from the audience and out of plain reaction i dodge it .
a rotation of rose colored conquests .
we stopped at market stalls , fingering useless things we did nt want , cheap indian scarves because they were soft and colourful , clumsy blue - glazed pottery , miniature dolls houses the size of a fist , carved from blocks of light wood , doors and windows and creeping roses painted on .
little books , pages all different colours , lots of pink and purple , and most girls wrote sickening little things , roses are red , violets are blue , sugar is sweet and so are you that type of rubbish and then signing their names all elaborate and decorating them with hearts and curls and anything that would make them look more significant .
i also bought her some flowers , a great big expensive bunch of perfect roses , their petals an unusual orange , like flames .
behind him stood his brother , matthew , his round pale face looming , moon - like over stephens shoulder and on my side there was sarah , in some dress that looked like water , carrying a bunch of sweet smelling flowers , tuber roses and gardenias .
members of the audience now threw roses at the two of them .
madhuri had laid attra on her bed , not noticing , or minding the blood that seeped onto her snow - white spread to form dark little roses .
he comes over to me , holding out a perfectly round pumpkin as if it is a dozen long stemmed roses .
mr . renartes passion was gardening , and growing roses was the pinnacle of his passion .
he told me , you know , kerem , roses are the most civilized of all flowers .
mr . renarte continued , you would nt believe how thirsty roses are .
fertilizer is absolutely essential for roses , you know .
never give roses nitrogen when its close to winter .
anyway , as i was saying roses are the most civilized of flowers , you know .
did you know that about roses , kerem ?
mr . renarte sniffed again , looked at me closely , pursed his lips , and said , speaking quite frankly , saint teresa school is like a rose in this benighted land .
moreover are fresh as a rose and i do n't understand as is possible considering that i have a nausea devastante !
we have departed on the notes of '' sweet child or ' mines '' of the gunses n ' roses , to my opinion an ideal piece to start a trip .
and the browncoat watched this war of roses , this flower - throwing contest .
and if the meretricious sleepers who tolerated no speech louder or more meaningful than a snore sought to make the standing man lie down with them in the softness of the mud then he the standing man should tell them they could swing all the bomb - spilt horseguts they liked and remonstrate and spray the horseguts loud blood all around their dance of guilt and declare transgression but he the standing man would still just string them and their horseguts both onto his harp and bleed beautiful music that would force the name of russia to rise tall in all but the most handicapped of its throats and the weak would choke on the holy name and cowardice was burning and the flags would meet their wind in honor wind for their flags and his the standing mans was the sacred thought the only logic the logic of triumph and power and should his thought span beyond the peoples legibility and should their weakened margins their shrivelled persons prove insufficient scroll for the magnitude of the curls and scintillating pirouettes of this thought and its sheer mass should the people prove unable to contain the writing of his thought within them then the standing man in his love of the people should use instead speeches and screams to pierce the walls of russia vulgar yes cheap of course and certainly to the standing man speech - and - scream may be all thorn but still cousin to his rose the rose of his love and of his noble thought .
hinges creaked and swann filled the doorway in a floor - length flowered skirt and mexican peasant blouse embroidered with dolphins and roses .
a gust of cold wind frosted her cheeks with pink , the freckles on her face tiny leaves floating on the surface of rose - tinted water , a film of fog on her glasses .
he has since published or has work forthcoming in green mountains review , cicada , snake nation review , bryant literary review , pindeldyboz , the rose and thorn , writers block , slow trains , decomp and elsewhere .
getting off at bleecker , she bought a small bouquet of yellow roses , then walked across bowery , to 64 east second street , the address of the new york city marble cemetery .
she pulled her skirt up above her knees and knelt , placed the roses on top of the small cement square that read vault 238 , julia marie stuart , and put her hand on her mothers name .
in no time at all , they were all sitting outside surrounded by red , pink and white roses .
i did nt have much of an opportunity to stop and smell the roses .
your beef , hooves and all , is a rose .
a real rose .
because i have heard that that s what they can do , in order to make the rose , i do n't know , stronger ?
maybe not a rose because you do nt eat roses .
maybe not a rose because you do nt eat roses .
her life ai nt been no bed of roses , but she s doing good , now .
if i could have spared the expense , i would have sent the stripper a bouquet of roses and a thank - you card .
certainly everything seemed like it was planned to look coordinated , with lots of shades of rose and green .
the arbor was covered with climbing white roses and pale blue clematis plants that they had forced into bloom out of season in one of the greenhouses , and surrounded by pots of also forced pastel tulips and bleeding hearts and live giant ferns , so that the effect was of a fairytale cottage garden .
on the tables and under the windows were arrangements of gardenias and roses in shades to match elaines dress that contributed their perfumes to the room .
she handed tom a wrapped package about the size of a shirt box , adorned with fresh greenery and roses in a corsage holder .
i purchased some roses and had the driver bring me to the address that kate had given me .
i want roses in my garden bower , you dig ?
no houses had been built this far out from the city , the woods rampaged ; sycamore spinners had sprouted amongst the stones and forced upwards as saplings , tentacles of dog - rose had ensnarled the metal rails fastening them in ever tightening grips , whole sections of line had been displaced by the roots of mighty trees .
james , andrew , garrett and i avert our eyes from rose , in unison .
five dollars is enough to buy four roses at the flower store on jackson avenue , with 13 cents change .
dr . hirsch is the first guest to arrive for our halloween ball , followed by clamor , and then by rose , who s brought three of her sorority sisters with her , doubtless to witness the authentic bohemian squalor that exists just across the railroad tracks from their old money splendor .
garretts oblivious to everything except what he thinks he s doing with rose .
think ill drive over to the sorority house , and check on rose .
garrett leaves for an after - curfew meeting with rose .
his ridiculous outfit , along with everything else in the world , will no longer matter when he puts his fingers to the red piano- 999 pounds of pure sound upheld by red porcelain demons , all eighty - eight keys painted red , the closed piano - top decorated with a bed of roses that never burn but act instead like torches- hank 's mad red piano , the percussive pulse of a generation past its prime .
he rolled the bodies off and attempted to lift the top of the piano , that famous red piano - top that always held a bed of roses that never burned but acted instead like torches .
it had different kinds of daisies , roses and other flowers in it .
he had retrieved it from a lake and was sitting in a field of roses , preparing it .
she uncorked the lid and smelled roses .
a few of my favourite things the sharehood soulgarden.tv bija mantras taught to me by shri param eswaran sasha cobra , educating men the garbage warrior alchemy realm for all your multi - dimensional knowledge maalika shay devi dasi ~ the sarasota mermaid , and her ma 's mudras 432hz roses , their water , oil , and hz australian laser clinic offer a discount for pcos astrodreamadvisor.com for a smorgasbord of health , starlight , and inspiration .
roses and breasts : oh roses !
roses and breasts : oh roses !
a rose by any other name i a plea for sleep ` ` let me sleep . ''
in that moment he felt an intense desire for his son to smell the fragrance of a rose .
without thinking , alex closed his eyes as he sang and imagined the rose in full , fragrant bloom .
though he did nt understand how such a thing was possible , alex was nonetheless delighted , and sat next to the rose hoping his sleeping son would dream of fragrant roses until he awoke to see the real one .
though he did nt understand how such a thing was possible , alex was nonetheless delighted , and sat next to the rose hoping his sleeping son would dream of fragrant roses until he awoke to see the real one .
smiling at the thought of his son dreaming of roses , alex closed his eyes again .
amelia discovered that she could zoom - in on the tiniest detail : she could see the roses on her wedding cake , or matthews unabashed gaze as they said their vows to each other .
the woman stood barefoot , wearing a long , flowing white dress ; the bluebells and wild roses in the wreath matched her wide - set eyes and glowing cheeks .
she vividly remembered the day she sang to her infant son and how it felt to see the rose bloom , smell its sweet , delicate fragrance , and then her amazement at seeing all of the wildflowers in bloom .
he began describing where he envisioned an orchard , and a garden and their house surrounded by jasmine and gardenia bushes and roses too .
as he lay there he heard soft steps and then felt a blow of warm air coming from dusty roses nostrils as she sniffed him gently .
a gentle breeze was blowing past the house and dylan could smell the sweet combined fragrance of the jasmine and magnolias that surrounded their home , and when they arrived at the front door the lavender colored roses were as glorious as their soft scent .
in a fake , professor - like tone of voice , he said , i believe the clinical term is daisy in a field of roses .
now , young woman , you will feel more like a rose in the morning .
you wo nt be a rose , but you ll feel like one in no time .
did i feel like a rose the next day ?
the indian woman blinked her large dark eyes and within a twinkling , they both stood knee - deep in a field of white roses .
for as far as he could see there were white roses standing like fields of wheat on a mid - western prairie .
soon the lake of illusion was a forgotten dream as together they moved through the fields of roses in search of the miraculous .
ian helped me put up my deck , and i hauled bags of soil for his tomato plants and roses .
his own house was surrounded by lush grass and patches of seasonal owers which his wife tended as lovingly as she did her plates and linencrocus and daffodil in spring , roses throughout summer , chrysanthemum and marigold at this time of year .
red roses guided us from the front door to a circle on the floor .
i led her to the circle of roses where our two holograms had already started to dance .
and she has a tattoo of a rose on the left cheek of her perfect ass .
a warning like a black rose .
a rose like tender light red touches the dimming darkness .
i found handkerchiefs with little roses stitched on the corners and the most delightful smelling incense .
cece nodded and followed him inside , only dimly aware of the bright kitchen , stainless steel appliances flashing past , the smell of coffee , granite countertops , then a wide hallway , just as you d imagine in a governors mansion , with a slate floor and glass - topped table , centered on which was a massive bouquet of irises , lilies and roses in a tall urn .
tucked into a rose - colored recliner in her mothers house that swirled with a miasma of mint , flowers , and vaseline intensive care lotion , cece attacked her laptop .
matt sorum , drummer for velvet revolver / guns n ' roses ` ` i was ecstatic ... to find [ a novel ] written entirely from a rock drummer 's perspective . ''
red roses , red candles , red tears .
of her closest friends , karen thought she might be the only one who was at all appreciative of this time in their lives , who remembered to stop and smell the roses , as her mom would say .
she leaned back in the chair with a huge smile on her face as she laid the note on the table beside her chair and admired the beautiful pink roses that he had sent .
it was probably only the third or fourth time in her life that someone had sent her roses so she took her time admiring them and their wonderful aroma .
the other two times she had received roses were from her dad , once when she graduated from high school and once for valentines day right after she had broken off a relationship with one of her few boyfriends .
exasperated with it all , she got up off the bed and walked out onto the balcony leaning over to smell her roses as she walked by .
her entire room , the floor , the bed , and everything around were covered with red rose pedals .
now that everyone had returned to their classrooms , tantie mona attended to the items on her small wooden table which was covered with a piece of white plastic printed with bouquets of red roses .
as a threesome , they visited various los angeles hangouts , taking in a band that phil could nt stop talking about , but guns n roses was the sort of group to make julia shudder .
hey , what about guns n roses huh ?
guns n roses had been mentioned , what with axl roses girlfriend the niece of phil everly , for whom phil was named .
guns n roses had been mentioned , what with axl roses girlfriend the niece of phil everly , for whom phil was named .
he returned to los angeles , spending time with guns n roses as the band recorded their follow - up to appetite for destruction .
three post - ers of black and white nude women with red roses hung around the red formica bar , red stools by its side and a black floor ; electronic music beat through large speakers filling the ears of teenagers with heavy metal tee - shirts and earrings .
womanhood is like a rose ; the beauty is spontaneous and ubiquitous .
important it is that we have the mental training to enjoy the beauty and fragrance of roses and share the joy and satisfaction togethernot own it .
why ca nt he say , my love , join me , be in my arms so that together we see the beauty and exuberance of the beautiful moon and stars , come and breathe the fantastic fragrances of the rose , the different flowers that god has been so kind to bestow us with ... let us pray together , thank god for such joys in our lives and beseech his blessings for making us togetherallowing us the satisfaction .
the attendant came forward , handed him a rose and said , congratulations sir , may our services be there for you when you marry your love .
mayank accepted the rose and looked back smiling .
its been roses from day one .
in maggies mind , the green foliage with the red roses surrounding her , and the rabbit at her feet , were a reflection of the cottage and all its earthly wonders .
it was mounted on horseback , and carried a black flag with a white rose emblazoned on it .
his cheek landed atop the roses .
the last thing he recognized before blacking out was the bouquet of roses , crushed and trampled , stray petals like blood splattered across the shiny floor .
all summer long , i rode bareback through meadows filled with tiger lilies , salt spray roses and local wildflowers .
the intoxicating scent of the roses coupled with the woman 's perplexing face had catapulted the normally reticent man in an uncharacteristically chatty mood .
perhaps a bouquet of cut flowers or dozen roses .
with the lilacs , magnolias and roses in full bloom , springtime in buda was a true festival of colors and scents .
i was the thorn between three roses .
the rose gardens were resplendent in their many colours , and giving the greatest display i ever remembered .
i was surprised how good i could draw myself giving seth a blowjob and him fucking me under a garland of roses that some seagulls were holding up .
` ` i sat in the flower - garden , while fanny cut the roses ; and very pleasant it was , but very hot . ''
` ` fanny has been cutting roses , has she ? ''
` ` i was afraid it would be too much for her , '' said lady bertram ; ` ` but your aunt wished to have the roses . ''
` ` were there roses enough to oblige her to go twice ? ''
but i thought it would do her good after stooping among the roses ; between ourselves , edmund , it was cutting the roses that did the mischief . ''
but i thought it would do her good after stooping among the roses ; between ourselves , edmund , it was cutting the roses that did the mischief . ''
it was then she suggested he rent the video of war of the roses and see how two people who really hated each other dealt with divorce .
he was carrying a huge bouquet of yellow roses .
for the first time she noticed the big bouquet of dying yellow roses in the vase beside the bed .
it was only when he closed the clasp at the back of her neck and she smelled the roses all around her that she realized what a special gift it was .
lucy kissed tom and thanked him , and wherever she went the smell of roses traveled with her .
when tom opened up the family vault underneath dense rambler roses , ann marie was absolutely taken with the idea of having a private place to keep psychic treasures , a place that was safe and strong and impregnable .
later that night , when tom and amanda sat at the piano and sang louis armstrongs wonderful world , it was clear they were both having difficulty seeing the trees of green and the red roses too .
it was almost a surreal sight because there was a potted rose bush exploding in red blooms entwined all the way up the beam on which the owl stood looking at them intently .
tom reached down and broke away one of the red roses beneath them and handed it to amanda who took it as the owl shook in surprise at the movement .
rosie says that the rose is called don juan .
it was while they were wrapping the rose that laura realized what it was like to work with her own child .
there was some kind of bond in a simple , common purpose that enveloped a moment like the fragrance of the roses blooming under their hands .
laura got back to the cabin with amanda and they both saw a bowl of roses sitting in the middle of the red table .
unlike the roses that came from flower shops , the roses that rosie grew and bred in his green house were a mixture of antique roses that went back more than a century .
unlike the roses that came from flower shops , the roses that rosie grew and bred in his green house were a mixture of antique roses that went back more than a century .
unlike the roses that came from flower shops , the roses that rosie grew and bred in his green house were a mixture of antique roses that went back more than a century .
no card came with the flowers and so they were not sure that it was nt tom who had put them there , and laura only learned later in the day that they were intended for her , so in that moment of indecision and mixed feelings they just smiled at one another and said how beautiful the roses were , that they had never seen such roses for sale .
no card came with the flowers and so they were not sure that it was nt tom who had put them there , and laura only learned later in the day that they were intended for her , so in that moment of indecision and mixed feelings they just smiled at one another and said how beautiful the roses were , that they had never seen such roses for sale .
amanda said that she would like to take miss brown a wonderful picnic and some roses , if rosie could spare them .
in the week before mothers day , rosie had asked laura if she would like to come to visit his own home and have dinner and see his greenhouse where his roses were already blooming in the depths of an artificial summer .
is it all roses ?
and , because rosies obsession was climbing roses ; that was all there was in the greenhouse .
do van fleet roses also have to aspire so high ?
and it was true , almost every rose was some incredible variation on shades of red .
he took her to the one corner of the greenhouse and introduced her to the rose he said began his passion .
he picked one of the dense blood black , full - blown roses and gave it to her , and when she smelled it , he smiled .
rosie explained how roses were hybridized , the pollen from one forming seeds on another .
i love my roses .
it was then rosie pointed out the climbing roses on either side his fathers head stone .
the rose you see has had its name formally registered .
as long as they grow , as long as it is propagated , this rose will be called , the eugene and sharon rose .
there would have been no beautiful farm , no foster families , no millions of dollars , no roses , no antiques , no bridget brown for her daughter to love .
the old iron double bed that made a metallic groan to every movement , the depression era chest of drawers with mahogany veneer , the coal oil lamps that were never used , the linen dust covers , the wooden ladder back rocker , the delft blue of two ceramic dutch windmills , the faded wallpaper moss roses , the china brick - a - brac and the old glass lamp on the night table were all the artifacts of her life she had been able to claim as her own .
i wore my best dress , a lovely floral one , with a big pattern of roses .
nonetheless , all the playerswhatever their inclinations and differences in personalitywould , for the sake of their audience , live out the lives of these characters again and again in perpetual repetition , and they would be revered and loved once at noon , once in the late afternoon and once in the evening , and the audiences would clap and howl and whistle and throw roses , until the curtain went down and the hall fell to murmurs and then silence .
she was fully dressed , tight jeans and a tiny form fitting t - shirt with little roses circling the sleeves , and made up .
still , i could nt deny an appreciation for a beautiful garden in full bloom , and i certainly adored the smell of roses and lilacs .
there were no roses or lilacs in her garden .
he d be up the path in about ten minutes , so she had time to cut a rose before he came , cheer the place up a bit .
fuck you , lenny , cutting a rose takes two minutes .
i ask that is my flower vase says the man i presume to be craig clever i say the rose died .
i ask no , the rose .
do nt you think the little fairies and tiny roses are realistic ?
she arrived at the womans front door in the late afternoon with a condolence card , bouquet of roses and offer to buy the property at fair market value .
up ahead , a pink burst of color from a hedge of salt spray roses edged the trail .
a muggy breeze from the open window carried with it an acrid potpourri of decomposing fish , slimy seaweed , salt spray roses and fresh - mown grass .
the ringing of the doorbell pulls me away from the mirror , and by the time i reach the front room , max is already here , a bunch of red roses in his hands .
i fill a vase with water and arrange the roses in it before setting it on the table .
he pushes out the door and pulls it shut behind him , and i m left alone with a romantic dinner complete with wine , roses , and lingerie .
the scent of roses struck the boy as she strode over to him .
when he entered the room , it was full of rose fragrance and it seemed almost as if his own mother was a rose , so radiant was her face .
` ` and where are the roses ? ''
cried hinzelmeier ; and the father untethered the little horse from the oven knob , and the mother sang , and the horseman rode hopping up and hopping down and soon had forgotten all the roses and white walls throughout the world .
the golden doors opened slowly and showed inside the cabinet a crystal goblet , in which a half - opened rose stood on slender stern .
she smiled as he opened his eyes to her , and the reflection of the rose was on her face .
each bud has a maiden commissioned as a guardian , and she may not leave the yard until the rose has been fetched by him through whose birth it has sprouted .
such a rose that you have just seen has the power to give its owners lifelong youth and beauty .
someone therefore does not lightly fail to pick up his rose ; it just depends on finding the right path , because the ways are many and often surprising .
` ` by this way will the greatest number of maidens be freed from their captivity and leave the garden with the owner of the rose .
even your mother was a rose maiden who for sixteen years tended the rose of your father .
instead now the rose maiden is permitted after three times three years to go into the world to seek the rose master and through the rose redeem herself from captivity .
for these is the rose then lost , and while the virgins go back to eternal imprisonment , healso has forfeited the grace of his birth and must like ordinary humans age and perish miserably .
i also wanted to find the philosopher 's stone , and found instead the rose . ''
now he sang them to her , one after the other : there once was a nightingale that sang the entire night ; from her sweet song , from the sound and its echoes , the roses sprang up .
chapter seven : the rose maiden he wandered here and there , back and forth , grew more and more tired , and his back became bent , but he could never find the philosophers stone .
that was the rose maiden , cried hinzelmeier .
only she was nt wearing the colorful bodice today , and the red in her cheeks was only the reflection of the light of the rose .
then hinzelmeier smiled and said softly , that was the rose maiden .
he dreamed , and his mother said to him , do nt forget the rose .
he saw deep on the horizon , on the edge of the deserted plain that he had wandered , the white figure of the rose maiden , and once more he heard from the far distance : rinke ranke rosy light .
when we arrived at the grave of our mother , she sat on her gravestone under a bush full of blooming white roses .
throughout the many years , whether the snow might lie over the grave or whether the bush might be , in the june sun , overflowing with roses , a pale woman often came and read attentively and thoughtfully the two words on the gravestone .
but finally , as little kuno reached the first half of his year , death , which had snatched so many lives , came himself into to the palace with her ; and after her poor cheeks had burned in the fever like two dark roses , he stretched her out white and cold on her bed .
confess : you sat between lilies and roses !
* * * * he had walked into my flower shop , lost among the cases of roses and lilies behind the glass .
we entered a bright pink entryway , the walls a blinding hue of rose surrounding a tile floor covered with fuchsia throw rugs .
i ran my hand over the soft fabric , admiring the creamy white material layered with small roses and lace .
darling , i need you to keep going , aunt rose said , interrupting my mental escape inside the home i was supposed to be living in .
now you re getting to the real questions , aunt rose said , her eyes twinkling at my confusion .
i moved out of aunt roses reach and focused on a place as far away as i could manage .
i have a feeling you will always hold a special place in johns heart , aunt rose said .
its okay to feel , aunt rose said , giving me permission in my goodbye to grieve .
still clutching aunt roses hand , i moved forward .
you have a right to be whatever you want , but brother talk to me cuz i ' ve got an ear , been there before and even if my girl is n't walking out the door that does n't mean i ca n't relate with a heart growing hard and learning to hate so let 's have a talk , straight from the heart you know that 's where all the big steps start and it 's not hopeless , you 're not alone what 's it going to take to break the heart of stone that has you standing there like a petrified tree what is it brother , just talk to me yes it 's true , just as i said no it 's not true you 'd be better off dead there are many good things coming your way just as sure as the night is followed by day so look to the stars or the shimmering sea what is it brother , just talk to me old souls you ve got to be cool enough to kill old enough to know where the road gets rough and where the flowers grow with a hand held out for cutting your lips pressed against her heart between arkansas and saturday it seemed like the place to start so i told you all my memories the human history of good and bad then you told them back to me in a tone that was so sad i can not hear anyone ever again ` ` happiness , the rose , '' you laughed ` ` hell , a hecklers scorn '' i loved you standing over me like the morning i was born so i let you use me terribly beautifully in black with the whip of satans heaven cracking at my back still you told me all your memories of your mother and your dad then i told them back to you in a tone that was so sad you said you could n't love anyone ever again though that was then , the song says yet were here again tonight laughing like two lunatics and fighting just to fight but when the stone of beggars bed falls back into the sea yes in that little cove , by that little cave my little dove come back to me he was the saddest man to walk the earth storm clouds forming at his heels and tambourine and tantra girls whirling down the street like sawdust wheels the carpenter , the music said the wind , the carpenter lushly bled this bed we lay upon tonight , my love will never be the same again laughing , laughing , laughing laughing , laughing , laughing laughing , laughing , laughing all the way song of the sun there s music in the forest and i m moving to it woke early this morning like i already knew it blonde haired lady wearing a veil of black if i go to her now , i doubt ill be coming back there s beauty in the places forgotten by men the ladies love me , and lord i love them as we turn our backs on the bloody battle of doom and i do nt give a damn about who does what to whom then the women whisper , friend its time to go but only heaven knows where the wind might blow i ' ve just been touched by the world 's most tender thought now i ' m dancing with the women on the stairway back to god meanwhile as the sun is setting on the sea there s a black eyed angel rising right through me i m going to follow that star , if i have to give up the ghost take all my treasures and find a cave on the coast o glory of elijah , of samson , and moses i want to gather all that glory along with the roses falling down on me wet , the dew of light and grace there s a girl named sarah kissing up and down my face then the angels whisper , friend its time to go but only heaven knows where the wind might blow i ' ve just been touched by the lord 's most tender thought now i ' m dancing with the angels on the stairway back to god o life i d forgotten it could be so full i grab the beast by the horns and then i ride the bull i can toss a tiger in the mighty strength of the lord all i need is the spirit breathing in the blade of my sword o holy hallelujah how i praise you christ you re my music in the morning and my light at night with you by my side there s nothing that ca nt be done since its in my mind now i m gon na ride on the wings of the sun show the whole damned world how it was meant to be sung space soldier space soldier understood by few not really liked by the ones that do he 's looking down from a different point of view never knowing but he wishes he knew the answers to questions few dare to ask finding these answers is his ultimate task flying through space , he whispers and moans all by himself but he 's not alone space , space soldier strange joe as a child the boy had a vision since that time he has n't felt much like living in the world that denies him the star that once gave light to his cold dark heart ` ` was it an angel , or was it the devil ? ''
you have a right to be whatever you want , but brother talk to me cuz i ' ve got an ear , been there before and even if my girl is n't walking out the door that does n't mean i ca n't relate with a heart growing hard and learning to hate so let 's have a talk , straight from the heart you know that 's where all the big steps start and it 's not hopeless , you 're not alone what 's it going to take to break the heart of stone that has you standing there like a petrified tree what is it brother , just talk to me yes it 's true , just as i said no it 's not true you 'd be better off dead there are many good things coming your way just as sure as the night is followed by day so look to the stars or the shimmering sea what is it brother , just talk to me old souls you ve got to be cool enough to kill old enough to know where the road gets rough and where the flowers grow with a hand held out for cutting your lips pressed against her heart between arkansas and saturday it seemed like the place to start so i told you all my memories the human history of good and bad then you told them back to me in a tone that was so sad i can not hear anyone ever again ` ` happiness , the rose , '' you laughed ` ` hell , a hecklers scorn '' i loved you standing over me like the morning i was born so i let you use me terribly beautifully in black with the whip of satans heaven cracking at my back still you told me all your memories of your mother and your dad then i told them back to you in a tone that was so sad you said you could n't love anyone ever again though that was then , the song says yet were here again tonight laughing like two lunatics and fighting just to fight but when the stone of beggars bed falls back into the sea yes in that little cove , by that little cave my little dove come back to me he was the saddest man to walk the earth storm clouds forming at his heels and tambourine and tantra girls whirling down the street like sawdust wheels the carpenter , the music said the wind , the carpenter lushly bled this bed we lay upon tonight , my love will never be the same again laughing , laughing , laughing laughing , laughing , laughing laughing , laughing , laughing all the way song of the sun there s music in the forest and i m moving to it woke early this morning like i already knew it blonde haired lady wearing a veil of black if i go to her now , i doubt ill be coming back there s beauty in the places forgotten by men the ladies love me , and lord i love them as we turn our backs on the bloody battle of doom and i do nt give a damn about who does what to whom then the women whisper , friend its time to go but only heaven knows where the wind might blow i ' ve just been touched by the world 's most tender thought now i ' m dancing with the women on the stairway back to god meanwhile as the sun is setting on the sea there s a black eyed angel rising right through me i m going to follow that star , if i have to give up the ghost take all my treasures and find a cave on the coast o glory of elijah , of samson , and moses i want to gather all that glory along with the roses falling down on me wet , the dew of light and grace there s a girl named sarah kissing up and down my face then the angels whisper , friend its time to go but only heaven knows where the wind might blow i ' ve just been touched by the lord 's most tender thought now i ' m dancing with the angels on the stairway back to god o life i d forgotten it could be so full i grab the beast by the horns and then i ride the bull i can toss a tiger in the mighty strength of the lord all i need is the spirit breathing in the blade of my sword o holy hallelujah how i praise you christ you re my music in the morning and my light at night with you by my side there s nothing that ca nt be done since its in my mind now i m gon na ride on the wings of the sun show the whole damned world how it was meant to be sung space soldier space soldier understood by few not really liked by the ones that do he 's looking down from a different point of view never knowing but he wishes he knew the answers to questions few dare to ask finding these answers is his ultimate task flying through space , he whispers and moans all by himself but he 's not alone space , space soldier strange joe as a child the boy had a vision since that time he has n't felt much like living in the world that denies him the star that once gave light to his cold dark heart ` ` was it an angel , or was it the devil ? ''
when you dream of masturbation on the bottom or the top and even now you 're praying that she 'll ask you to stop then kiss her with compassion button up her blouse assume the pose of wine and roses in miss molly 's tall in miss molly 's wall in miss molly 's dream dollhouse death to my anima ( a jungian trope ) ' it 's a private party ' she said in her sleep ' for happy - go - lucky people to meet in carnival times and carnival ways ' then i woke her and i swear she 's been crying for days o sweet seorita your body is true but your mind never knows what your spirit might do so you slap me with kindness then you kiss me so cold i swear it makes me feel ten million years old no seaside retreat to the malibu coast could cure you from thinking that all hope is lost so i tell you you 're pretty and i tell you you 're cruel and by the end of the night ( i swear ) i 'll be playing the fool ' it 's a private party ' she said in her sleep ' for happy - go - lucky people to meet in carnival times and carnival ways ' then i killed her and i swear i ' ve been laughing for days can you dance ?
let my lovely man of war come home leave my lovely man of peace alone but in between the music and the sweat ( the passion and the flight ) the sweat of brow and bow the beat of heart and hell the saddest refrain , unspeakable pain on the other side , where dark and light so the poets say ( where laughter , sex , and second sight tumble blindly through deep space ) in between the nightmare and the dream the dream of god - undone forsaken , fallen , risen , hidden where moon makes love to sun find him there , find her here find him , after all , my dear ' father , father , father ' - i pray for these , but not for those yes , in between the thorn nail and the rose shadow , silhouette , and specter join forming the clearest call on earth ' i tell you the truth , you must ... ' so perhaps i 'll come back and speak with you , my love after my birth children , in the sun o my children , wo n't you come o my children , wo n't you come and steer me clear of false ambitions and keep her from the futile thought of me shaman jakob ( a personal apocalypse ) so the next time you win the world i say i hope you learn you were not born to play the part of a king , a pauper , a pawn but down in the trench with a pretty young blonde let 's say or suppose you hand her a rose which ignites the night , so beautifully glows and she , in turn , hands her bare heart to you then you know in heaven , child every sweet dream comes true so just lay back and point to the sky watch the color of pallor turn into pie because the shape of all illusion despite the stars of your contusion may suit you better than the rest whether you passed or failed the test you stand at the altar unable to say ' i do ' then you know in heaven , child even bad dreams come true finally strung out on happier trails where the heart shines bright , after all love fails to move you to tears or conjure old fears not one in a million will find you here as the way swings off like hyena laughter and the fools all jeer at happy ever after now try to forget what you once thought you knew then you know in heaven , child every single dream comes true but who ever said you 'd be better of dead ?
this song might make some sense to you , but then again i doubt it this song might make no sense to you , but then again i doubt it but if you know the truth by now , i pray to god that you wo nt shout it that was not the line to end on , yet i will end it anyway that was the perfect line to end on , yet i could end another way with so much love in my soul tonight , there s nothing left to say sam 's song so if we should meet back in philly or if we should die on the way well that s not their problem or something were solving its not touching our souls , not today yes you are special , so pretty and pure i know you could do better than me they say , ` ` you re wasting your talent that man will never be valiant all i say is , ' i guess we will see so hold me like i was a winner kiss me cuz i m on my way out they say , life is a dollar and that dog needs a collar but sister i still have my doubts so if i should rise like a raptor or if you should sting like a ray they may call us two killers but i have hold of both pillars they re not taking us down , not today i ' m right here if you find your way around the slump the bump in the road , the holy lump lift your head up in the air i 'll be there , i 'll be there , i 'll be there only music can bind the time we ' ve lost with a bow or a rose or a sacred cross the pain is not yours , it 's ours to share i 'll be there , i 'll be there , i 'll be there though you feel so far from home know tonight you 're not alone and dare to ask , ` ` if neither of us built this world , why not let it bust ? ''
( repeat final refrain six more times with increasing intensity , volume , tragic pitch and siren sweetness , followed by a singular hallelujah chorus intoned in pure spirit ) we have gone you have gone the way of pleasure you have gone the way of pain you say , yes you say ` ` we have gone the way '' she has gone the way of glory with a ribbon in her hair he has gone the way of violence cutting the ribbon she did wear before she hid herself in shame so we say , o no , we say ` ` she has gone away '' while he rises to new fame yes we all know his name yet for that , he 's only rich and vain ` ` no one 's to blame but the bastard 's here to stay '' if we are wise , we will walk away make it back ( the sweetest vibe ) if you try to make it all the way back you might get hungry or you might get trapped but we are not children this much i know it really does nt matter which way we go so if you lose hold on all of these facts by god , dear lady , we just might make it back and i see , there s a rose , a simple symbol , if it grows , like the blood on a prayer , so sanctified there , where the rivers all run , as they sing of the sun , and the rhyme is not forced , by now , nor divorced , from the earth or this notion , then let us trust our emotion , for once , yes come , we can laugh it all underrolling thundertonight , chanting psalm ninety - five , it 's the sweetest vibe and if you ca nt make it by fog or by fire or when i tell you , my love , its not about our desire then turn a deaf ear i m just in a mood sometimes you ca nt trust yourself , though you think that you should but if you should lose your hold on these facts by god , dear lady , we just might make it back until i found you you say you spend your nights in france teaching the young poets how to dance you say you preach in the streets of manila then return to japan to defeat godzilla me , i m out here in the blue wondering what in the world i should do since you left my heart like a hurricane perhaps for jamaica , or else for spain i ve been to sodom lost some time in gomorrah built myself a spaceship and flew clear to tomorrow done about everything one man can do but i never knew love until i met you you may right all the worlds wrongs with the power of your sweet song follow a rainbow over the moon yes i believe you are that kind of girl but even if you find the golden bough turn all magic into here and now no treasure on earth would be enough compared to the pleasure of our love you ve been to paris you ve been to prague tripped the light fantastic through the london fog seen about everything one woman can see but you never knew love until you met me in the throes of your wildest flight as you ventured your soul for the glory of night yes you slipped through the tempests eye and we crossed each other where the angels fly now we are blessed and content to soar through the great and holy sky of the lord so goodbye dear sodom sayonara my sweet gomorrah i once gave my heart to you but today i ve found another and our ships not going down as we dance across the stars of god not giving the devil or damnation even a wink of a thought elegy for emily its hard to leave the sun i say and harder to fight the rope that dangles and gently tickles me with temptation to know have you seen them coming , sister ?
do nt fear then , they ve gone and if i cover you with roses , glory know you re worth every one cold war hysteria ( parked on the beach ) and a different drummer old man , old dog park on the beach bleach - blond , napalm the sun sets to teach lady , i love her mind 's bent on burning my friend , in the sky what are we learning ?
she did , and my head was filled with roses and sunshine .
thinking about the apartment , with its countless deadfalls unfinished knitting projects , stubs of mascara pencils , the pots of dwarf roses that refused to die on the fire escape .
as i pondered the imponderables of the infinite mitigating factors falling all around us , the music started and the wedding party descended the exquisite steps laced with damp ivy and water - beaded red roses .
i should make a tolerable st . cecilia with some white roses on my head , said gwendolen , only how about my nose , mamma ?
one early moment had been burned into his life a moment full of july sunshine and large pink roses shedding petals on a grassy court enclosed on three sides by a gothic cloister .
but at this moment on the grass among the rose - petals , daniel deronda was making a first acquaintance with grief .
on their re - entering the garden , they all paused in that cloistered court where , among the falling rose - petals thirteen years before , we saw a boy becoming acquainted with his first sorrow .
how could the rose help it when several bees in succession took its sweet odour as a sign of personal attachment ?
the narrow drawing - room , enlarged by two quaint projecting windows , with lattices wide open on a july afternoon to the scent of roses , made rather a crowded , lively scene .
lush thinks she knew about the family under the rose , and the purport of the will .
a few grad students tossed roses into the hole .
he walked around the side of the old farmhouse to a patio area shaded from the sun by a rose - covered trellis .
a single rose grows out from a crack to the right of the name .
do nt worry , kevin , there s plenty of guns & roses on here too .
god crafted a deep rose sunset by adding a blue note to the red tint .
they were a deep rose at night .
as deep rose dissolved into pink , she saw her loved ones as patches of color in the sky .
soon to come were roses and lilies , dogwood and forsythia .
he said that treating indecent exposure as a misdemeanor trivializes it , lumps it in with mickey mouse offenses like spitting on the sidewalk or picking a rose from a public garden .
... he enwraps her in roses .
beams locking each inside the other : cyclops ... from the cocoon of roses she peeks , wings forth , flaps , but no flight , has molted , no longer a caterpillar , but , but !
sometimes fringed with anger , ` ` a roses a weed if you do nt like it ! ''
melody and the pier to forever contents part i : the proof prologue i seeing things twenty - two years maggie singleton dinner on the pier mysteries part ii : the young master twin angels a new , forgotten life painting with sound adele d. hoffman beer coaster fiddling with eternity a different reality part iii : aecxis prologue iii exponential growth suspicion of danger red and black the prayer of ammalinaeus emptying into the sea recognition infinitely larger than infinitely large part iv : transcendental reality suspension of belief ye scurvy dog the river to the sankyan between two monoliths the eleysian teardrop we are one part v : the legend of the red talon prologue v the last king of vanerrincourt the procession of roses the temple kentein intersectum eleysius and his mighty talisman three more charges and a bedtime story stars the lizard and the snake rendan mortalis faster than fear parade at kings perch the keeper and the storm origin satelemark riparius the wheel and the call the day of fire and ice the tangent part vi : apparent reality home tachyon the kathlin rory carrick castle jim snelly sea angels a warm touch the serig of remembrances and sacrifices epilogue i map appendix glossary begin transmission for me , there is only the traveling on paths that have heart , on any path that may have heart .
there were roses in her room .
yaeko would cry for the wilting roses .
she grabbed a half - empty drinking glass on the nightstand next to her bed and slung it at them , shrieking to leave her and the roses alone .
when the morning came and the corner with her trophy - burdened dresser and the violin case next to it was still cast in darknessand so easily pushed from her consciousness for a little while longershe would share her grief with the roses , then allow herself to feel the joy each new one brought to her .
after her reluctant talk with the psychiatrist , the roses were kept in her room until she told the nurses it was okay to remove them .
this was much worse than the roses .
an actual stream gurgled nearby , fed by a large and very lovely granite fountain , the courtyards central feature ; smaller shade trees had been planted here and there ; some were in full bloom ; they in turn were surrounded by many varieties of flowers and roses , all meticulously tended .
without saying more , he approached the vase containing roses by her bedside .
two roses were wilting heavily , were plainly dead .
it may be a different rose next time , but that which is immortal inside itinside youis one and the same .
yaeko suddenly realized he was nt speaking of the roses at all .
as he painfully unbent from kissing her head once more he lifted a single white bud from the vasea vase now full of healthy young roses .
to its left , well out in scrub desert , was a small , barely discernible rose - colored rectangular structure of some sort ; it stood very alone out there , and was partially hidden by brush and low , broad shade trees that ballooned over its rust - covered top .
chapter 27 the procession of roses wait !
the stems were pale ice - green , almost translucent , as were the huge , serrated leaves up along their lengths ; the stems rose a hundred feetat least as high as she wastowards beautiful open alien blooms like roses , red , yellow , white , blue , purple ... ... and nestled in the cradle of each bloom ... wow .
a great processional , just entering the fluted , curving corridor of stone roses , and just coming to maggies attention , was moving slowly towards her now .
conor knew the old king was going to die ; he knew it even now as he marched up the procession of roses .
conor and the enormous procession behind himall bearing roses , maggie just noticedhad moved a good distance up the fluted corridor of towering stone flowers to the thunder of mighty drums .
maggie gawked : the seed of an eternitus rose ( the incredible roses lining the magnificent corridor at the coronation ?
and so i will boldly predict and proclaim that the rose that shall spring forth from this seed shall symbolize far more than just royalty , far more than the changing of one moldy old guard for another .
they flew over the corridore monarcha , the unbelievable curving corridor of eternitus roses rising over another splendid public square , enclosed by spectacular columned and domed buildingsthe seat of vanerrincourt .
a realm that included the magnificent sea horses she saw hovering over the eternitus roses during conors coronation ; a realm that somehow included this one , as well as earth .
corridore monarcha : long , curving corridor lined with eternitus roses ( see below ) ; used in vanerrincourtian coronation ceremonies .
held in july it started as a student rag week and , through a series of ever more generous sponsors , from five roses tea to the first national bank , it has gained considerable popularity .
i kept my focus on the guns and roses video i was watching .
you a big guns and roses fan or something ?
i caught a whiff of roses from someones garden and marveled at the contrast between what was happening at the hospital and out in the real world .
the air carried the familiar scents of compost and goats , of damp earth and fallen leaves and hedge roses and the dense foliage of growing plants .
but returning home night after night to find paulina presiding over the continuing deliveries of fruit baskets and chocolate roses and wine actually made her look forward to putting on her new teal dress and proving that she could be an adult about everything .
white ones , like roses , with waxy petals , she explained .
the chocolate roses , too ?
the poet evokes images of great profundity in daffodils , roses , fish and wedding parties .
a rose brings joy to the eye and relief to the weary thinker .
a rose would be finer far it was called .
i planted roses but he wanted ... he insisted on a tree .
* * * by late fall the apartment building was completely rented and colby was so pleased that he built a walkway around the building with trellises covered in hanging roses .
the roses are in full bloom except on the front left side of the building where i guess they do n't get enough light .
there were still remnants of thorny climbing roses but mostly it was covered in some heavy vines with small leaves , vines hanging to the ground , gnarled and twisted .
then the walkway , covered in roses , right over willow .
her skin was like alabaster , her lips carried the blush of roses , relucent eyes like gems .
he looked up and saw that the robe was filled with light , red , glowing , eyes that shone like rubies , skin like alabaster , lips that carried the blush of roses .
she pricked her finger with a rose thorn and squeezed three fat drops of blood onto the page , over her signature .
when she opened the door , he handed her a bouquet of a dozen red roses and said , happy anniversary .
channie buried her face in the velvety fragrance of the roses and smiled .
channie shoved the roses into the pitcher and pricked her finger on a thorn .
to channies amazement , mommas roses were in full bloom .
roses , lilacs and larkspur were woven into the greenery .
the roses formed beautiful buds , but instead of blooming , the petals invariably exploded and fell to the ground like trash .
nestled in pink frosted roses was a cinderella princess doll .
another weekend it was two dozen yellow roses .
in her minds eyes she always saw the rambling roses and long grass that ran down to the bickering creek all lined with heavy waving blackberry canes then up to the honey coloured cliff faces beyond that one day she planned to scale .
since i was the person who created you , i m also the person that knows when you re angling a story so you come out smelling like a rose .
doctors and lawyers parked european cars in the driveways , next to little front yards full of topiary and roses .
lily soon pulled up across the street from anthonys house , one of the romantic , rose - gardened places i envied .
you did that to my rose ?
she was never your rose , lily snarled .
i stared at the back of roses head while lily slouched forward to scrutinize me from under her fringe .
in sullen silence , i stared out the window and thought of rose , and all through the day nothing else could hold my attention .
no school meant no bus , no rose , and thus an abundance of miserable pining for me .
but the encounter , pregnant with the promise of those easy kisses into which children and teenagers can throw themselves , died in the womb by dint of my obsession with rose and my delusion that lust and sex ought properly be tied to love and destiny .
i spent the afternoon alone and lonely in the hotel room , longing for rose and imagining catastrophes that might awaken her love for me .
i pressed on with rose .
but i did nt watch him for more than a second : i was sitting in silence with rose next to me , and through my head , over and over , the words were running , i like you , rose ; i like you the bus stopped .
it was the only extraordinary thing i ever saw in or from rose .
but the first person who got to speak in that moment , while i waited for roses response , was the bus driver .
with rose ?
and get over rose .
i d be looking over at rose and shed mumble something like , how s my heartsick boy today ?
lily , whose pleasure was inversely proportional to the intensity of roses arm - crossing , frowning sulk in the opposite corner .
so , as important as rose seemed to me , at a hint of resistance i d given up the chase .
i put roses scrap of paper on the desk in my bedroom , and for the next eight evenings i glanced at it repeatedly as i sat and failed to do my homework .
the second time , i held on through the interminable rings , and prayed that rose would get it .
she has nt taken the bus since i snapped at rose when she would nt go out with me .
when lily and rose started packing their things to go , i got up ahead of rose , and moved into the aisle .
the thing was he would go to the temple ; after the stolen cinema , arriving in time for the priest to sprinkle holy water , smelling faintly of roses , on ganeshs bent head , contrite amidst the other worshippers .
i ve seen him , and he 's tops -- the bloom on the rose .
on the far side of town , a cloud of reddish dust billowed over the heads of pratt 's frenzied herd as it roared down rose lane near the stockyard , and rumbled past the old public school .
indeed he is , and mates with rose too , grey thinking back to anything his boss may have said to him of late .
with sergeant smith there with them , grey called the number on superintendent roses phone and placed it on speaker .
downstairs roses driver waited patiently to take them to the longs , the superintendent finally rising , come on then inspector , its time to go .
a secret even from rose and cornelia , the books kept locked in his study .
just give me a rose ... and i 'll take off my clothes ...
no headstone marked the grave , just the disturbed ground and several sprays of frozen roses and carnations .
i hope to have my roses in there this year .
she conjured a bouquet of roses to her own hand and then caused it to float gracefully across the hall to shaena , the newly appointed head of council , who was dressed in a simple white robe that emphasised her natural beauty .
crossing to shaena , karim curtsied with her forefeet and she found herself with a bouquet of roses .
grange went through his notes spread out on roses desk beside his leather satchel , checks were made at mansard lane three months after the couple were married ; that revealed that lidia had already adopted an anglicised version of her name , socially if not legally , and seemed a natural in the role of wife and homemaker for patrick .
dodging up the stairs toward the offices , he saw his sergeant waiting to go into superintendent roses room .
mended furniture rested upon a threadbare rug , drawn blinds covered rotted window frames , and faded roses highlighted age - browned wallpaper .
a bowl of floating yellow rose blossoms sat at one front corner of her domain and large box of pink tissues occupied the other .
you raise roses , do n't you herb ? ''
they had not been together longpictures together were on prominent display , fresh roses sat in a vase on the counter , a just because card nestled gently between the flowers .
we strolled along the rocky path into the garden , where billions of roses were grown .
to celebrate the new arrival snow will fill the garden to complete an unbreakable oath the hands of the lovers are sealed in red to welcome the destined end the darkness falls and the world is black now i understood what the colors of the roses meant .
white roses were supposed to celebrate the birth of any new blood souls .
the red roses were the proof of eternal love .
and the black roses were symbols of death .
just like the roses in the garden , there were only three kinds of clothes in the wardrobe .
he left me in a garden full of black roses .
this one was full of red roses .
in front of us were three roses of different colors- white , red and black .
standing at the final rose , we took a deep breath before continuing .
now , all the three roses in front of us were black .
there were no white or red roses but black and the withered ones .
the roses have been stained with blood .
i had not the time to scream as carmine flung me hard into a bash of roses .
the gentleman handed her a fresh bouquet of yellow stemmed roses .
she could nt figure out who might have sent her roses .
she finally located the card hidden deep down in the roses .
i received some yellow roses today and someone just called and said , ` ` boo . ''
how is sending me yellow roses with a creepy message helping me ?
do either of you think the color of the roses is strange ?
he means that yellow roses stand for friendship .
you send red roses for love , said det .
so you do nt think he s in love with her because he sent yellow roses not red ?
they would send red roses as a sign of affection .
his roses stand for friendship not love .
its flowers again , except this time we have what looks like twelve yellow roses and two red roses .
its flowers again , except this time we have what looks like twelve yellow roses and two red roses .
six yellow roses encase each red rose .
a vase of fresh - cut roses sat on the back credenza next to a family picture of a woman with a buster brown haircut and two teenage girls who had inherited their mothers plain , just - scrubbed look .
a variety of colors welcomed them in the shape of peonies , potentillas , roses , and spireas .
it flew over to the elevator where it deposited the rose in sams outstretched hand , and then flew back to its mate on the windowsill .
the laughter that erupted when the birds visited murphys office ended abruptly when the rose was dropped into sams palm .
inhaling the sweet fragrance of the rose , sam smiled and stepped into the waiting elevator .
ill have to show you alexs roses .
a man brings you a cake with a rose and you slam the door in his face .
he held a bouquet of red roses .
gail looked at the roses that now hung at slamms side .
slamm lifted the roses in a mocking gesture .
gail took the roses and pressed them to her breast .
the sweet scent of roses greeted me as i rounded the end of the house and i stopped to press my nose into one of the flowers , the petals , soft and smooth against my skin .
do n't bother with the roses ; my mother is an expert in that area .
as he walked the gravel path that meandered among the roses , rios contemplated his conversation earlier that day with mark .
he beamed when she complimented him on the beauty of one of his most prized specimens , a striking , ruffled yellow rose tinged with green at the edges .
he took me on a tour of his property and even gave me a rose from his garden .
clearly incensed , he had rushed down from his office and confronted wahl , shouting angrily that sonia had his permission to pick the roses .
yet the ephemeral attributes of time would not allow the opportunity to smell the roses .
the detective went towards the flowers , crouched and contemplated a white rose .
observe roses should be more interesting to him .
the smell was getting stronger , and i had no other option than accepting the rose and thanking with a half - hearted smile .
after giving me the rose she went back to the house smiling at clvis .
i threw the rose on his lap .
even so , i took the rose , got off the car and i heard you visited your mother , today said madalena .
she whipped up a batch of buttercream frosting , tinted part of it in the brides chosen mauve and started making roses and buds .
shed no sooner slipped the baking sheet full of roses , on their small paper squares , into the fridge than beau called .
do not get into those roses in the fridge .
kelly wandered out of her room around ten , eyed the production in the kitchencakes on cooling racks , trays of lace and roses , the smell of cake baking in the ovenand opted for coffee and a muffin .
finally , she took the mauve roses from the fridge and placed them , piping a few leaves around them for authenticity .
sam sat at the table piping huge roses , chrysanthemums , hydrangeas and lilies onto the red - velvet cupcake tops .
roses in the store colors of burgundy and gold , with deep green leaves , would add drama and elegance .
a tiny hint of brown to create the ivory , a small amount to be tinted green for the leaves , another little bit made black for the writing , and a good - sized glob that would become the burgundy roses .
for the left side , roses seemed too traditional so she made mounds of tiny flowers in white chocolate that became clusters of hydrangeas .
in the flowerbeds beside the house a few late roses shed beaten petals , their final act before winter .
bouquets of fresh flowers topped every flat surface , the perfume of the abundant hydrangeas , roses and lilacs warring with the intense colognes wafting off the guests .
ball boys carried her tennis bag and a beautiful bouquet of roses .
there were roses in mirror - finish silver vases on all the tables and twinkling fairy lights tucked into floral swags around the doorways .
it seemed unlikely that it could have gone much worse , but at least i had nt met him naked at the door with a rose in my teeth .
what a nice surprise , kate said , leaning in to smell the one of the delicate pink roses .
i had started slowing down and smelling the roses .
stop to smell the roses ?
peonies and red roses .
other than get freaked out by the corpse or smell of roses , i used to sit there and think about the deceased .
there were some teddy bears and roses and angels and hearts placed around the grave ; but there were also a lot of bugs crawling around , and the whole feeling was one of desolation almost ghoulish .
old lady harris was cutting some roses from a bloody bush that 'd seen better days .
she looked worried and as withered as the roses .
no one but me noticed when gloria bent down and picked up one of the ruined roses .
it was a lovely summer bouquet filled with roses and tulips and baby 's breath .
everything was roses this morning .
a marble fountain anchored the circular rose garden filled with a dozen varieties of floribunda roses .
` ` i got roses planted next to the garage and joey had a fan in the window yesterday blowing sawdust all over my new cedar bark mulch .
i walked up and down one street after another in complete and total awe as i looked and saw the marquees for first run broadway productions such as bus stop , cat on a hot tin roof , damn yankees , guys and dolls , silk stockings , south pacific , the dark is light enough , the desperate hours , the pirates of penzance , a roomful of roses , the time of your life , and more and more !
the slight flush of rose that appeared on her cheeks .
mr browning 's roses were his pride and joy , so seeing them being dug up and trampled on by a heavy - footed murder squad would indeed be purgatory for him .
it overflowed with red roses .
the pointed look i meant to toss at him got sidetracked by the roses again .
she had to get this guy to give up what he knew about rose of sharons arrests .
very angry , and do nt mess with rose of sharon when she s angry .
she wanted to think of the right thing to draw rose of sharon out .
jane raised an eyebrow at rose of sharon .
he was fixated on rose of sharon out his window .
the protesters had joined rose of sharon on the curb .
she marched over to rose of sharon .
the bullhorn hung by a strap from rose of sharons wrist .
was that roses ?
i glanced round at the neighbouring houses with their narrow gardens and abundance of shrubs and roses .
this went on all afternoon , interspersed with my pruning instructions for the roses , and more pulling of bindweed .
i see you have a great memory , but no , no gladiolas this year , only roses .
i was wearing a short blonde wig , a guns and roses mid rise tank and daisy duke jean shorts .
his skin had an olive sheen to it , aquiline nose and a tight mouth with a hint of rose in the lips .
the cottage was not exactly picture postcard with a thatched roof and roses around the door but it was clean , comfortable and very well equipped , including a bloody huge satellite dish in the garden which rather spoiled the view .
* * * so things went well over the years , though it was not all a bed of roses .
there were no less than five dried flower arrangements , a wreath , two framed needlepoint canvases of cabbage roses , and a deep - pile lavender rug on the floor .
her pink and purple eye shadow said jessica and cabbage roses to me .
i left mrs . haase to her roses with a promise for an afternoon call .
he strolled over to where a chrome bucket full of orange and yellow roses took centre stage .
the cafetiere was ready , butter and marmalade on the tray and a red rose was added as the final touch .
the thought of those poor girls expecting to find love in a room full of candles and roses while being paraded around in come - fuck - me stilettos .
the vases had been filled with roses of all colors .
it had been a symbolic war of the roses .
those advocating womens rights were wearing yellow roses and those opposing suffrage wearing red roses .
those advocating womens rights were wearing yellow roses and those opposing suffrage wearing red roses .
he ushered her to a table with a dozen more red roses in a vase , and then he stiffly got down on one knee .
i hope you will join us again , he said seductively , while two tickets magically appeared in one hand , and a red rose appeared in the other .
she laughed as he pulled a rose from her ear .
taking the rose out of his hand , she playfully hit him across the chest .
there , in full dress uniform , stood sam , a smile on his face , hat under his arm , and a fresh bouquet of red roses in the other .
when she was done , she filled in the background with random pieces of rose , saffron , and yellow .
his hands and arms were hashed with the distinctive thin red attack lines of a roses thorns , his jeans and shirt dirty from his traverse up the delicate trellis adorning the side of the boarding house .
many a walk home from school had started with taking the time to sniff the roses .
' th - there 's ... there 's a dead body in the roses . '
every time i closed my eyes , i saw the blood trailing through the gravel and dappled over the green leaves and white petals of the roses .
i was usually a calm person , but the body in the roses and the postcard on the toilet had burned up calm .
and while i was dealing with the stress of figuring out if i was next in line for the killer 's devoted attention , thorne had to deal with the responsibility of stopping this before another body wound up dead in the roses .
barely hours after james wood 's body had been found in the roses , i 'd seen nancy flirting with the kid in reception .
all of the flowers and roses and shrubs were weeded and bunched together in attractive beds that had clearly been planned by someone with an eye for design .
a body - his body - under the white and pink roses by the fence ?
that usually requires old school guns n roses .
guns n roses blasts through the main room and i quickly forget about the shitty mrs . mendle and leeds brothers .
two hours later he returned with a k - mart bag and a dozen roses .
then he handed mom the roses , scooped her off the couch and smothered her with kisses .
along with roses husband , paul lanner , they had filled sandbags and stacked them outside the shop , but if water seeped in it could ruin everything .
without the counter between them , she knew rose would hold out her arms and she would rest her head on roses shoulder feeling comfort in her ample body .
she gripped roses hand .
a blond woman looked toward rose .
gia placed her hand over the mouth - piece and looked toward rose , standing in the doorway .
she watched roses expression change and knew she too was picturing gias mother , the opinionated felicity matthews , with her flawless makeup and unnatural blond hair .
gia released her grip around canutes neck , patted him on the head and looped her arm around roses .
the breeze disturbed red climbing roses draped on a trellis and they released their sweet fragrance .
gia took the dogs into the house while brian went over to roses .
she looked at the cake and pushed it back toward rose .
gia looked from rose to susan .
no rose is fine .
and a rose that is faaaading .
she pulled back the covers , and patting canute on the head , pushed her feet into florescent green slippers , a gift from rose .
rubbing her side , she stared at the pumpkin colored mg outside roses cottage .
opening the front door , she was faced with red roses .
both the roses and david showed glistening drops from the misty rain .
he handed her the roses , flicked flour from her cheek and gently kissed her .
she sniffed the roses , then sneezed .
smothered in the peony prints , gia did nt think for a minute rose was referring to the purchases from the truro auction .
when it was waist high she hesitated , but canutes head bobbed above the water and gia waded on with roses screams echoing in the wind .
she looked back at rose , then turned and plunged in .
its the lowenna silver band , said susan , heading toward the shop window followed by rose .
asked gia pushing roses fingers away again .
i ve brought my laptop so we can keep track of the beatles picture in the auction on e - bay , said gia moving her mouth closer to roses ear and raising her voice .
gia followed rose through the crowds in the village hall , catching glimpses of roses dress , which was the color of an eggplant and much similar in shape .
they do nt know for sure that its blood on the pick , said gia opening her laptop and scooting her chair away from rose and susan who were now bickering over the correct portion size for fudge squares .
i put those shelves up at the shop like you wanted , but did nt have time to tidy up , paul glanced at rose .
the detective sipped his tea as rose and gia leaned forward , waiting for him to continue .
at the village hall , iris pulled open a metal chair and slid it between rose and susan .
susan looked at rose .
gia called me , said sarah following roses gaze and watching the inspector adjust his shirt cuffs beneath the sleeves of his tweed jacket .
he anticipated her delight after ambling into the house with a spray of supermarket roses in tow .
kip dropped the roses on the flagstone and waited for the beds frame to stop squeaking .
sometimes , when they re are nt any roses , you can still stop and smell the other flowers .
from the day jo meagan was born , robert gave her roses on her birthday .
on her first birthday , he gave her one rose and added a rose each year of her birthday until she turned twelve .
on her twelfth birthday and thereafter , he always sent her a dozen of roses .
on top of her casket was a wreath of her favorite flowers , roses and mums .
a friend of rose invited her and the children to go to church with them .
after that incident , there were very seldom any bruises or marks seen on rose .
the clerk took him to roses room and let him in .
the bill named the thorns of rose soon passed in both houses and the governor signed it .
she said and holding his palm open she placed his bracelet and walked away to tend her roses in grief .
a loud bang tore through the silence of fear that now clad the defenders , a column of dust billowed as a rumble rose , and in the pandemonium that ensued the turrets by the gate were hurled into ruins , the gate crashed into the city upon the defenders .
the end carmens roses copyright 2014 jennifer barraclough published by jennifer barraclough at smashwords all rights reserved .
have you ever smelled a rose and found no fragrance ?
a lot of roses are bred for their looks , not their fragrance .
heirloom roses are not only amazingly fragrant , they are beautiful , but they do nt usually bloom as long during the season , nor do they have as many blossoms .
they re vulnerable in ways that hybrid roses often are nt .
i smoothed my skirt , admiring the tiny red rose pattern , and tugged at my short - sleeved red blouse .
the two girls strode into the room together , arm in arm like two roses of different colors .
instead of signing his name , ashland had written a big , elaborate a. i opened the box to find a bouquet of exquisite flowers including indian pinks , irises and sweet tea roses .
why , you re in the rose of your youth , and you re so lovely .
today , in honor of our last sitting , i wore the ivory combs with the painted roses in my haira gift i had received in the post a few days ago along with a note promising that by tomorrow evening , my favorite uncle would be here , at seven sisters !
9 p.m. ] i bring barb a dozen red roses .
she puts the roses in a navy blue glass vase , fills it almost to the top with water .
thank you , she says , adjusting the vases so the roses are centered in front of the lilies .
i m eighteen acres of wild country here with wild summer roses in my hair - that s neptunes car , i said in surprise .
there was warm garlic bread with gently browned tops , freshly made meatballs simmering in a tomato sauce , the rose - colored ribs , and the rhythm guitarist had brought a large , white bowl of caesar salad .
bright red roses , vibrant daisies , and colorful plants mixed into the luscious garden as if it were a kaleidoscope of plant life .
boots often had motifs of roses , hearts and thistles .
we could grow roses on vines on our fences .
the silver hand cuffs center stage in the middle of the table for either , show of force or silly replacement of fresh cut roses .
in a traditional relation of a boy and a girl sex comes with the long - term commitment along with roses and candy , maybe a flashy gem .
he did not seem embarrassed by the bunch of pink roses he was holding .
he snorted and plucked a bunch of wilting roses from their vase high on the window ledge .
' who gives her red roses ? '
the smell of decaying roses hung over us .
her legs lovingly feel the silky slip skirt holding off the set of prickly crinolines under the ball gown making the skirt bloom outward like a rose .
the landscape consists of tall dark green oaks , light green maples , yellow pines , and red cedar trees , short stubby light and dark green shrubs , hundreds of colorful wild red roses , blue azaleas , orange camellias , yellow daisies , pink petunias , and other flowers .
the grounds are both elegant to the eyes with beautiful arrays of flowers from blue azaleas to yellow roses and to the tongue with tons of hardy fresh - grown fruits , vegetables , and tree nuts standing tall like earth - princesses in the red clay soil .
well appear like a row of lovely flower mixture consisting of a rose on a thick green prickly thorn to a delicate lily to a great big yellow sun flower .
he touches the rose to her lips for a second tip down her chin then sails it onto her chest between the breasts as the petals tickle both her pleasure and amusement .
she wished that she had nt bathed but remained sweaty and stinky from her afternoon physical jog , instead of smelling like a row of garden roses .
tucker chuckles dropping his nostrils into her neck smelling her perfume of garden roses .
the pattern of the sofa matches her dress of pale apricot yellowish dotted with large pink roses with three small tiers of white lace running around the edge pinned every ten inches with a pink rosebud .
he spins his nakedness then and leaps on top of the folded down bedcover with a single yellow rose displayed on her pillow top .
there were still more flowers here ; on the fitted carpet , full - blown pink roses on the faded chintz - covered suite , delicate , tightly - enclosed buds on the wallpaper .
more roses decorated the matching teapot and crockery .
hyder was too busy trying to create his own path that he never bothered to stop and smell the roses , so to speak .
at the center of milk was a bunch of roses , enough to be a dozen but i did n't count them .
the note must have come with the roses .
i looked down at the roses and milk .
we sat down and had a coffee and she told me about her roses and her fight with rebecca .
* * * * * i stood in nancy 's kitchen and watched the roses float on the gallons of milk on the floor .
this morning when you stopped by to see her trimming the roses she got from an admirer you lost it .
the roses were from adam garcon , a lawyer from your office .
it had the biggest roses i d ever seen , but obviously the flowers were nt real .
click here to join roses new release newsletter to be notified when forever charmed is available , mid - march 2013 .
the back yard has fifty - foot tall sycamores and my mother 's peace roses .
` ` well , i guess i 'll try to catch josh later , '' i said , somewhere between the lilacs and the roses .
a vase filled with yellow roses sat in the middle of a chrome and granite kitchen table .
dagger saw the name on the card that accompanied the roses .
are these roses an apology for something ?
i should probably be the one sending him roses .
edie asked , appearing in the doorway carrying a vase of fresh cut roses .
he flooded her hotel rooms with yellow roses whenever she was on a shoot .
it did nt take long for him to find the silk scarf , bright yellow with splashes of scarlet roses .
did he pick a rose from the garden ?
he still held the rose in his handsthe thorns cutting into it , his blood dripping down from it .
my finger pressed into the first photo of ned weatherbyoutside his house , picking a rose from the garden .
it was a formal parlor or sitting room , with faded , peeling wallpaper sporting big , red cabbage roses , and a rather nice fireplace on one wall .
her lips were cool against my cheek , and she smelled wonderfully of roses .
todd satterfield smiled at the door , over a big bunch of roses .
todd leaned in to peck me on the cheek while simultaneously handing me another bouquet of roses .
i descended at grimpen lane and stumped to rose lane , wondering where to begin looking for grace , horne 's former maid .
we went to the rose parade , and he was running around looking at the floats .
leave your half on your front deck , ' long with some roses in a basket . ''
left the roses .
his own marriage had nt been any bed of roses , but back then , divorce was nt an option .
shed landscaped with monkey - grass - bordered brick paths , beds of fiddle ferns , and red and white roses .
a lot of katys roses were scores old , planted by the various women over the generations , the plants an intriguing mixture .
instead , she trudged down a brick path to a rose bed , where someone had trampled one of the red roses .
dirty brown and covered in flashy red roses , white mother - of - pearl snaps , it looked like something that would draw scorn even in a backcountry icehouse where beer , pretzels , and microwave pizzas were the fare of the day .
jack walked over to the trois roses les bar and hotel and began drinking for the evening .
jack was twenty yards behind them when he turned into the alley behind the trois roses les bar .
she drove slowly up the lane , reaching a small white cottage with , believe it or not , a picket fence covered with rambling red roses .
the walls were papered with a pattern of large cabbage roses of several shades of mauve on a pale sage green background .
the sweet scent of roses filled the air and she could envision them trailing over the white picket fence .
he took several deep breaths enjoying the smell and taste of rich earth , evergreens , and roses before he turned to enter the house and get ready for bed .
it is magnificent ; especially with the roses covering part of it .
it was mostly quite pleasant parkland featuring garden beds , many still choked with weeds , an avenue of overgrown climbing roses sprawled over a trellis , and trees , big trees , growing in clumps and avenues , with heavy branches intermingling with that of their immediate neighbors .
i come to protect the roses .
it was a red rose ; there were several actually , growing alongside a wooden trellis that adhered to the side of the house .
the young girl next door warned me not to step on the roses .
then he crushed the rose , letting the mangled petals blow away in the strong wind .
perhaps she grew the roses here as a reminder of her day of happiness , alexander reflected .
we scampered past the trellis of roses that adorned the wall of the abode as we entered the front porch .
the roses that i loved so much were in full bloom .
someone needs to protect the roses , she calmly said .
the air was fragrant with the scent of lemons and roses .
she could smell the redolent mixture of olives and lemons and sun - sweetened grass and roses .
that night , as she lay in her bed unable to sleep , she turned to catch a whiff of her mothers roses .
darla parker picked up the teapot with its imprint of faded roses and held it over her husbands teacup .
the fragrance from the rose busheslurching their way up a rickety trelliswas light and sweet on the heavy georgia air .
a blooming bush of american beauty roses shook slightly in the corner of her eye making her turn , her hands still on the door handles , to see the tall man standing next to the bush of blood - red roses .
a blooming bush of american beauty roses shook slightly in the corner of her eye making her turn , her hands still on the door handles , to see the tall man standing next to the bush of blood - red roses .
maggie took a sip of tea from the fragile teacup , its roses long faded from the translucent china rim .
the roses , in tender colors of pink and violet , were still in full bloom in early october and the air felt cool and invigorating .
she mimed putting a rose boutonniere in her lapel and smiled .
that angela lansbury always comes out smelling like a rose .
as she entered it , the brightly colored rose pattern wallpaper , was what caught her eye .
as they walked in silence for a while , emma suddenly could smell roses , yet she told herself it was n't time for them .
hailstorms , haunting pictures , and even strange ladies that smelled of roses in early spring , were no match for his harsh stares and unspoken reprimands .
emma could suddenly smell roses , but before she could say anything about the penetrating aroma , kit did .
neither did the others , but emma could n't deny the pungent sent of roses .
` ` everyone knows roses do n't bloom in the snow . ''
even though the snow was melting , she had to admit again , it was the wrong time of the year for roses .
of course , it had been the wrong time of the year for roses , when she smelled it on the old lady too .
` ` you afraid of the smell of roses '' god , she thought if i could only get him to listen to me , the others did n't seem to be ready to go inside either .
he knew they d had words , when she did n't even stop to stroke his ego , for smelling the roses .
` ` well how about the smell of roses , up at the house that night ? ''
she figured it was okay that alex had brought up the smell of roses , even though she did n't understand why shed smelt it .
a strong sent of roses , penetrated her nostrils , coming from the sitting room .
` ` it smelled like roses , really strong roses . ''
` ` it smelled like roses , really strong roses . ''
` ` what 's it mean i mean the smell of roses ? ''
` ` it meant that i could smell roses , kit could too . ''
` ` the rose ladyi mean the lady that smelled like roses .
you already know that i like movies , plays , musicals , dining out , dancing , walks in the woods , roses and candles .
the florist had constructed a nosegay from white roses piled on vickis old first holy communion prayer book .
lovely floral patterns , roses are my favourite , or maybe , no , daffodils .
larry put a hand behind his back and it suddenly reappeared with a red rose .
as a horseman , the smell of hay and horseshit were as sweet as the scent of any rose .
a reporter noticed a pretty young womans picket sign : we want bread and roses too .
it was printed the next day and the strike became known as the bread and roses strike .
after a ratification vote was taken at the lawrence common , several strikers climbed onto the bandstand and handed haywood a bouquet of roses .
perfect for flowers , archie thought , noticing the number of bouquets spread about the room : bunches of roses , golden pillars of daffodils , forests of white irises .
a warning bell in my head clanged , and i knew it was time to leave rose and her world of botany .
charlie asked , buying time , noticing the cluster of tiny silk roses that perched happily at the front clasp of her bra .
and yet the widow abernathy chilled him , despite the warmth of the air on the terrace where she had chosen to receive him at rose hall .
she pulled the door open to find a small bouquet of roses on the porch .
frowning , she bent down to pick up the roses .
i ' m sure he was , but he was n't looking ; he 'd cast his eyes down and sullen red roses were blooming on those smooth little - boy cheeks of his .
it was lovely : daffodils , baby 's breath , irises , roses .
` ` as soon as possible , '' i said , so calmly i could have been discussing spraying the roses for aphids .
i discussed school - system problems with a mother of three , sewing one 's own clothes with another woman , and planting roses with another .
` ` these '' were a beautiful arrangement of pink roses , baby 's breath , greenery , and white carnations .
` ` try sending me roses .
three white roses graced the top of the television .
the rose had been chosen for smell , not appearance , and i closed my eyes to enjoy it to the fullest .
of course , it also obstructed my view of anyone approaching , but when the first roses open in about a month , i wo n't regret it .
i have loved roses since i was a child ; we lived on a large lot in a small town , and roses filled the backyard .
i have loved roses since i was a child ; we lived on a large lot in a small town , and roses filled the backyard .
i knew that the moment he entered the black rose , and my intuition had been spot on , as usual .
as i moved from one immaculate room to the next , i could smell the sultry scent of lavender , roses , and other fragrances you 'd normally only find in expensive eau de toilette .
my stomach grumbled , and i realized not only had i wasted my afternoon obsessing over a decision that had been made the moment jett entered the black rose , but i had also skipped lunch .
she was holding a huge bouquet of red roses decorated with pearls in between their velvet petals .
i retrieved the card tucked in between the roses , and opened it , my glance sweeping over jett 's harried handwriting .
uncomfortable silence ensued between us , during which i picked up a sparkling swarovski crystal centerpiece from the coffee table and turned it to watch the sunlight catching in the delicate red roses .
the delicate scent of roses hung heavy in the air .
she had brought jett 's bouquet of roses and had probably read the card tucked inside .
when he did that , it flushed a dusky rose color , and he heard a faint but powerful humming sound deep in the wall .
outkast sang about roses smelling like boo - boo- safe ghetto music .
` ` wanted dead or alive , '' ` ` always , '' ` ` bed of roses '' ; ` ` i 'll be there for you '' was just finishing up as we pulled over to the curb in front of the chapel .
she handed me a perfectly round ball of red roses .
chantilly took my rose bouquet , and then stood to the side .
i find a white chanel with a gold chain ( a birthday gift from rose ) shoved beside a broken pair of heels .
my heart stops as i open a text from rose .
` ` ohh , lily is turning into a rose , '' poppy teases .
` ` rose can be cruel , '' lo reminds me .
what happens if she starts telling people she 's dating loren hale , and that person happens to be friends with rose ? ''
hey , kind of like rose .
my parents and sisters have been trying to wish him a happy birthday since this morning , but lo would rather listen to the incessant beeping than confront them - or have a prolonged conversation with rose .
` ` how was your conversation with rose ?
` ` you talked with rose ?
i want to mention my theory about connor crushing on rose , but lo will probably make a snide remark about her .
i ca n't tell if this is connor 's normal bout of schmoozing or if he 's adding on the extra charm to embed himself further in rose 's good graces .
* * * the next day i try calling rose 's cell almost every hour with no luck .
i dodge the staff that mills around the mansion and climb the grand staircase toward rose 's old room where she stays when she visits .
while i try to heal my relationship with rose and ignore the rest of my family , lo spends time with connor at the gym .
` ` and with rose , that could be forever .
i peek at ryke since he 's the one person i have n't confronted since my addiction has spread from rose to connor and from lo to ryke .
i ' m afraid to look for rose or ryke in the crowds because i may lose sight of lo .
i follow with rose .
after a few more minutes , we rise and silently walk outside to the valet with rose and ryke close behind .
` ` i ' m going to move in with rose . ''
i stay with rose at the drake , and ryke takes lo to his apartment on campus .
i try not to badger nola , my family 's driver , on our eta to the house i share with rose .
as concerned as rose has been for my recovery process , i ' m sure that was the first thing she did when lo walked through the door .
i suppose connor has taken his place in rose 's life .
` ` rose will not condone your new studying tactics .
i realize that rose has put her escalade in park , waiting by the gate 's keypad .
she clutches the stems to what was a bouquet of white roses , but they look pathetic in her tight fist .
he gets away with more shit than any other guy in rose 's life .
but right as i muster the courage to ask rose , the door opens and we all stiffen .
he must have seen the crumpled white roses by the gate .
i thought for sure rose would devour any man she touched , but they have this symbiotic relationship instead of the parasitic one i share with lily .
* * * i finish telling lily about the phone call between rose and their mother about the same time that we reach the parking deck .
` ` you ca n't tell rose . ''
he realizes that rose would n't care how i aced the exam unless i ventured to the dark side of academia .
` ` roses are red .
maybe because it usually coincides with sex for me , but i think rose can agree that the act is not so friendly .
` ` i go to the calloway sunday luncheons with rose , '' connor tells me .
i look between rose and lily , waiting for one of them to be the mature older sister and set guidelines , rules , whatever and send daisy back home .
before i search in the plastic bag , i keep my gaze trained on rose who has the most sway in whether or not daisy stays in cancun .
i try to find rose and connor too , but they ' ve drifted over to the pool - side bar .
my only hope is that rose and connor , the two level - headed people of our group , can keep us afloat .
lily is shopping with rose and connor , which gives her a break from obsessing over hav**g s*x .
unsurprising , since lily looks like the big bad wolf huffing and puffing after a minute sprint , and i ' ve never seen rose wear sneakers in her life .
connor would have come along , but he did n't want to leave rose and lily shopping alone in mexico .
fuck - i ' m turning into rose .
` ` maybe i 'll just remember the look on connor and rose 's face .
daisy stands between rose and me , and she rocks on the balls of her feet .
there are a million guys who would gladly be with rose .
she breaks from rose and lily 's side to bring him over to the girls who bounce up and down .
one of the servers stands in front of rose and daisy .
i should definitely mention how sebastian is most likely plotting a way to cut him out of rose 's life .
sebastian rolls his eyes and takes out his phone , as if this is all very dull for him , but i imagine that connor has him shaking internally , a few more moves away from dethroning him in rose 's life .
i ca n't leave until i finish filtering the morning mail with rose .
lily has accepted my mail - sifting routine with rose , also calling it our ` ` bonding time . ''
i should be chastely tucked beneath my comforter , sleeping through the new year 's riffraff at my place with rose .
i ' ve thrown out half of my p*rn to try to appease rose and to convince myself that i ' m on the path to recovery like lo .
a mischievous smile warped her face , and she climbed out of rose 's bedroom window , onto the roof and prepared to jump in the water from three stories high .
` ` rose said you threw an apple at dorothy and gave her a black eye . ''
do n't let rose spread lies ... '' that story is in her arsenal to use against me , i swear .
and according to rose , i should concentrate on one thing at a time .
sometimes i think that being around rose and connor helps take the edge off .
his face stays blank , accepting rose 's challenge .
daisy pops a piece of gum in her mouth and offers it to the rest of us , as though rose did not just have a sudden outburst .
she talks with her hands - so unlike rose , that i scoot forward on my seat to be closer to her .
she does n't look like she cares either , refolding her napkin into a rose .
the last couple days of january , he sent me a bouquet of red roses .
the roses droop and wilt , but the card sits open .
twenty - four red roses bloom in a crystal vase .
i break away to look at the roses again .
at first i thought these roses were another pretend gesture of our fake relationship .
i asked her if her cards smelled like roses and she shot me a cold look .
kind of like rose .
she did n't want our mother to be focused on her the whole evening , so i went to keep rose company .
` ` i ' m going to spend the rest of the night with rose . ''
you ' ve been away from lo for nearly three months and you have n't cheated , '' he pauses and adds , ` ` according to rose . ''
at least in front of rose , connor , and ryke .
and then the doorbell rings , breaking their moment and successfully ruining rose 's pleasant mood .
` ` rose will understand .
the candles opened up to a small clearing where a giant blanket was laid out with a picnic basket and a dozen long - stemmed red roses in a clear vase .
tables were evenly spaced throughout the room with crisp white tablecloths , sterling silver utensils , and bouquets of red roses .
floral arrangements with burgundy and gold flowers paired with white roses were tied to the end of every row .
jude i picked up a new york times and some red roses from the shop across the street , but i left them all outside of her apartment , lest she catch on too soon .
with her spare hand , she reaches down to grab the fresh roses .
i hold the newspaper , she clutches the red roses , and we link our spare hands , stepping onto the desolate landscape in search of charley 's peace .
the red roses roll out of her palm and scatter against the bottom of her father 's gravestone .
she fiddles with the stem of a rose , twisting it between her fingers and then placing it down in front of his grave once again .
then you show up on her doorstep with a rose or something .
and he would bring a rose .
julian stepped forward , shyly offering her the rose .
shannon threw one hand up in the air , gesturing wildly with the rose .
one of the girls had a wilder side tattoo inked on her entire back , the band 's name surrounded by roses and hearts .
the light of the candles bathed them in yellow warmth , and the hint of roses made the night seem magical .
the two of you have sex and it 's like roses and romance and you want more , '' wendy says , full of logic .
the sex between us was definitely not roses and romance .
you know the one with the white columns and the crazy rose gardens ? ''
time in the greenhouse working on his roses always calmed him .
he walked in and the humidity hit him , as well as the perfume of the roses .
he moved to his table of tools and picked up his favorite pruning shears and then moved to inspect his roses .
hunter shook his head to clear his thoughts , forcing himself to concentrate on the maintenance of his roses .
some people read or painted to calm their minds but hunter liked tending to his roses .
he grew all varieties , but his favorites were the showy hybrid tea roses that were so delicate in their constitution and yet so incredibly beautiful and fragrant when coaxed into blooming .
the rose was lovely , the color a cross between pewter and baby blue .
he was n't good at that sort of thing , but perhaps a rose would say more than he could .
` ` thank you for the rose , '' she told him , crossing her arms over her chest and moving around the room to get a look at the furnishings .
this one was of a bouquet of roses , that one of apples .
if mr . buchanan were n't acting so very weird , she 'd think that between the rose and the candlelight that this was a date of some kind , except his manner seemed to say the exact opposite .
` ` the rose i sent you .
it 's a lovely rose .
very hard to get a true blue color from roses .
every day , a new rose was left on her desk .
whether it was politeness on hunter 's part or something else , there was always a new rose .
today 's rose was a delicate white on the inside and a dark pink at the edges of the petals .
she was n't quite sure what the roses meant .
` ` i see you received your rose today . ''
on her tray was the rose of the day , singularly beautiful and crisp , the bud just beginning to unfurl .
it was likely full of the roses he 'd been gifting her with this last week .
greenery exploded into view - the jade of fresh leaves , the smell of turned soil , and the thick perfume of roses .
everywhere she could see brilliantly colored roses set against the thick verdant shrubs .
there had to be hundreds of roses in the greenhouse .
she stepped inside the greenhouse , immediately noticing the damp , warm feel of the air and the thick scent of roses and fresh dirt .
i enjoy roses the most . ''
` ` it 's marvelous , '' she said , moving past him and strolling down one of the aisles to look at the neatly lined - up rows of roses .
` ` you 're really good at this - the roses look better than anything i ' ve ever gotten from a florist . ''
he walked behind her a few steps , his gaze on her instead of the roses .
` ` did you come out here to discuss the merits of books versus roses ? ''
it was a vase filled with roses .
unable to help herself , gretchen moved to the roses and leaned over to take in their scent .
and yet ... she continued to get roses every day .
he 'd retreated out of anger - or jealousy - and she 'd expected to see him seething as he pruned his roses .
and yet he picked her a rose with extra care .
as he watched , she lifted the rose and brushed the rosebud against her full lower lip .
his first instinct was to go and trim every one of his roses and shower her with them .
but he gave her roses every day .
was he in his greenhouse even now , selecting a rose while thinking of her ?
it was empty , the roses blooming in the heavy , warm moisture - laden air .
she opened his internet browser and looked for a desktop wallpaper that would suit him , and ended up picking something that was a gorgeous shot of roses sparkling with dew .
more roses ?
he gave her roses every day , though .
` ` two roses ?
` ` which roses are your favorites ? ''
` ` it 's a challenge , but there is no rose sweeter when it blossoms . ''
` ` not the roses , '' he said , giving her an intense look that made her toes curl a little .
` ` one of my passions is the hybridization of roses . ''
i 'd like to create you a rose . ''
` ` create me a rose ? ''
` ` is how all the different varieties of hybrid tea roses are created .
i 'd like to see if i can cross a rose just for you . ''
` ` so when do i get to see my rose ? ''
i 'll have to take one of the blue girl roses - that 's the one you liked - that 's budding and force it open- '' ` ` pollination , experimentation , and forcing petals ?
they 're covered to prevent them from being pollinated from another rose . ''
her gaze moved to the rose on her desk - a papa meilland .
after a visit to his greenhouse , he selected a white rose and set off in search of her , determined to deliver the rose himself .
when she was n't puttering in the kitchen , she spent her time with hunter , watching movies in his personal screening room , working out together , or learning the basics of how to cultivate roses .
fresh roses from hunter 's greenhouse adorned the table .
the floral name should have tipped her off , since he loved roses so much .
behind them , a scarred man in a long tailored jacket stood in the doorway of the coffee shop , a dozen roses in his hand .
as she watched him disappear into the crowd , he tossed the roses into the nearest waste bin .
she felt as thrown away as those roses in that moment .
i saw a man who works all day tirelessly and tends to roses because he enjoys their beauty .
` ` and next time , do n't throw away my roses ! ''
every table was covered in enormous vases full of roses .
every rose was exactly the same color - that icy pale blue - purple that she 'd come to associate with blue girl .
it was the rose she 'd told hunter that she liked the best .
gretchen dragged her fingertips across the bud of the rose , feeling the soft petals and smiling .
` ` give them out to customers , '' she said , taking scissors and snipping the stem from the rose in her hand and tucking it safely into the pocket of her apron .
* * * the next day , dozens of yellow roses showed up .
the day after that , white roses with pink edges and a delicious scent that was so thick it made her nearly dizzy with delight .
the roses never came with a card , but that was okay .
* * * the roses continued for a week and a half , until one day gretchen walked into the cafe and saw only one bouquet sitting on the counter .
the roses were the deepest , darkest velvety red , and she immediately recognized them - papa meilland .
` ` we finally got a note with the roses . ''
she wanted to keep it and press it into her scrapbook like she had with the roses .
fresh roses decorated each table , and at the far end was a reception desk .
it was set up exactly the same as his office at home , right down to the mirrors on the wall , the enormous tv , and the vase of roses at his side .
` ` i wanted to come by and say thank you for the roses . ''
her upsweep - so different from her normal messy ponytail - still looked perfect thanks to audrey 's help , and she had a yellow rose tucked behind one ear .
she closed her eyes and leaned into his embrace , taking in the lush scents of the rows upon rows of roses and the smell of damp earth .
while most of the roses grew in large , deep pots , he had seedlings and a scatter of tools on the table at all times .
` ` i destroyed all of the roses i was working on for you , though .
he was in here earlier and left you those roses . ''
i turned and saw two - dozen pink roses .
courtney walked over and picked up the roses .
i watched as she walked out of the room with the roses in hand .
i watched as her cheeks filled with that beautiful rose color .
red roses were everywhere .
the roses ... they smell heavenly . ''
each round table had a silver satin tablecloth on it with a centerpiece of white roses and silver candles .
every few feet , there were silver candlestick holders holding small bouquets of white roses and carnations .
my mother handed me my bouquet of white roses and smiled as she turned and made her way down the sidewalk .
you smell like roses and lilac , '' he said .
the woman who normally sold roses on the corner was not there today , but i had the daisies eliot had given me .
the roses i had left there last week had wilted in the summer heat .
fresh roses were beautiful , but dying flowers always gave off a richer , headier fragrance .
his eyelids drooped and he fell into darkness as he read about wandering through the desert , and finding a garden full of roses ...
` ` he has a rose , '' eliot said .
` ` he leaves the rose ? ''
does he stay on earth or go back to his rose ? ''
red roses and glass were scattered all across the tile .
eliot was picking up the roses and shaking the glass pieces off of them .
the roses in the garden had lost their color in the light of the moon , and all looked like different shades of blue .
the white roses took on a tint of the moonlight , but the red roses looked nearly black under the night sky .
the white roses took on a tint of the moonlight , but the red roses looked nearly black under the night sky .
he touched one of the red roses and pulled off one of the petals , rubbing it absentmindedly between his fingers .
i want to know if the prince gets back to his rose . ''
eliot bent and picked a rose from the bush , breaking the stalk with his fingers .
he held out the rose to brynn and she took it , her fingers brushing his and causing his nerves to spark - for a second , he thought he might see lightning flash between their hands , the feeling was so strong .
` ` it 's full of roses , just like his rose .
` ` it 's full of roses , just like his rose .
but his rose is special . ''
` ` because it 's his rose , '' eliot said , remembering the story as his mother had told it to him .
most of them were roses , but some people brought bouquets of other flowers , silken orchids and white lilies with their flat round petals .
i stepped forward and lay my bouquet on top the rest , balancing the white roses precariously on the other bouquets .
coop and beck had a good laugh over the roses .
` ` since your dress is black , i had the lady put some black and silver ribbon between the roses , '' he said , sliding the corsage on my wrist like it was one of the proudest moments of his life .
red roses streamed halfway up my forearm .
in high school , i 'd learned what the colors of roses meant , and how you could decipher a guy 's intentions based on what kind he gave you .
pink meant he had a crush on you , yellow meant he wanted to be friends - i could n't count the number of abandoned yellow roses i 'd seen decorating the insides of garbage cans in the high school halls - red meant he was in love , and white stood for purity .
damn white roses all to hell .
i grabbed the rose and chucked it outside of the truck .
we were making progress ; it still was n't the red rose of love , passion , and in my book , sex , but it was a step in the right direction from the white rose of purity he 'd given to me last .
he chuckled as i continued to study the rose .
but for us men , a rose is a rose .
but for us men , a rose is a rose .
` ` so which of those man reasons reduced you to buying a rose for a girl ? ''
the rose was already starting to wilt .
the next week , i awoke to a rose propped up on the windshield .
jude was in his gym gear inside the locker room , extending a handful of roses .
i knew it was my space because there were a dozen vases dotting the desk , brimming over with red roses .
` ` it 's going about ten times better now , thanks to this guy who sent me about a million roses . ''
` ` a million red roses , '' he said .
i know you ' ve got some really bad shit in your past , but jamison 's is n't all sunshine and roses .
the roses in your lips for the kisses that i ' ve lost .
there 's a shag rug the color of a rose that covers the floor from wall to wall .
brightly colored roses are the focal points with little crystals dripping over the sides - or maybe those are diamonds .
chapter 26 the following day peter stands next to me as i place a rose on my mother 's casket .
i ' m as prickly like a withered rose , all thorns .
yeah , maybe i should ' ve got her some roses since they 're twice as expensive and supposedly are more romantic , but they did n't seem fable 's style .
` ` this is for you , '' he said , handing me the rose .
` ` yes , you were overdue , '' i said , taking the rose .
it was my grandmother 's , '' he said , handing me a slightly yellowed handkerchief that had embroidered roses on it .
he was freshly - showered and wearing the shirt i 'd gotten him for our one month anniversary , and standing in front of my door holding a bouquet of yellow roses that still had moisture on the petals from the florist .
yellow roses mean ' i ' m sorry ' .
i threw the roses on the floor .
yellow roses my ass .
the roses were already history ; torn and bruised at the bottom of the trash can .
got sucked into some stupid show about a bachelor and some bimbos who were all trying to get his rose .
she named her daughter after the lead singer of guns n ' roses .
blake steps up to his mic and joins in playing the lead guitar part to guns n ' roses 's ` ` sweet child of mine '' .
inside the canopy sat a round table draped in white linen , white roses and two chairs covered in white fabric .
guns n ' roses was playing on my ipod as i ran fast .
i filled the vase with water and set the rose inside .
inside the canopy , sat a round table , draped in white linen , white roses , and two chairs covered in white fabric .
her delicate hands carried a bouquet of pink roses and small white magnolias .
` ` and here i was thinking you just walk around holding roses all the time . ''
i awkwardly took the rose from him , looked at it for a few seconds , then let it hang from the tips of my fingers .
i covered as much of my face as possible with the hand that was n't holding the rose and laughed awkwardly .
i 'll see you then , and , uh , thanks for my rose . ''
on friday , when i stepped into the athletic center , i was met with three red roses and a heart - stopping grin .
so friday night would be our third and deserved three roses .
i ' m not gon na lie , i totally did the aww , you 're so sweet girly thing as i took the roses from him and kissed his cheek in front of the circle of girls he was doing pretty well at fully ignoring .
with four red roses .
he handed me the four roses , winked , and walked down the hall .
` ` roses are red , violets are blue , keep your team in the lead , do n't be number two .
my skin was not golden but olive with a hint of rose , and my eyes were a dark chocolate brown .
i tried so hard to convince myself that i was doing the right thing , but the minute i got on that plane i ... evie , i watched the rose in your skin turn blue .
my underwear set was new and pretty : cream satin with coral and lemon roses , lace trim , and a matching thong .
an hour later i finally emerged from the bedroom in a long , backless dress in deep rose .
scott van wright ( a**hole ) 1 - rose calloway ( pathetic ) 0 .
before i moved in with rose , i would have placated her .
he was a point guard for princeton - the type of guy who would love to be controlled by rose .
i just do n't want it to be at the cost of rose 's fashion line .
ben takes this moment to skirt around us , the camera whipping towards rose 's face .
to make amends with rose , lily even sacrificed being close to her college .
` ` i agree with rose . ''
i do n't talk to my mother about my relationships very often , and any mention of rose usually accompanies some sort of disparaging snort and blase brush off .
i was willing to uproot my life for rose , and according to katarina cobalt , other girls would have gladly walked into my home .
` ` i ' m with rose , '' i say sternly .
i thought i 'd get some of rose 's favorite things .
- rose i ' m not surprised rose has reverted back to fixating on lily and loren 's problems .
daisy shifts her body to block the camera , sidestepping every single time ben tries to get a shot of rose .
my brows jump as i look from rose , her arms crossed , and the chair on the floor .
her perfume smells like white roses and ivy - a scent that dizzies me in an intoxicating lull .
my free hand slides to the back of rose 's neck , holding her very close to me .
i ease out of rose , my c*ck popping from her lips .
i try to imagine a life without rose and i see something gray , something motionless - a world without time and a place without color .
i pinch the bridge of my nose as i reread the last text from rose .
and then the camera begins to slowly zoom in on rose while both scott and i stare down at her , painting the love triangle he so desperately wanted .
first , i choose pink and cream roses for the centerpieces .
i look around and spot the table of white roses .
i show her the white and pink roses i picked out .
my mother stares at the roses with narrowed eyes .
` ` can you empathize with rose ? ''
lo almost went postal when he came home to find lily bawling in rose 's arms .
my phone buzzes on the kitchen counter as i refill the coffee pot for rose .
` ` that was the first time i did n't warn a guy to protect his balls before talking to rose . ''
to be so closely tied to lily and the calloways makes me truly realize what i ' ve gained by being with rose .
` ` it 's funny , '' he says , ` ` this is the first time you ' ve been in my face in a while , and it 's not even for rose ... '' he eyes me up and down .
and because i ' m everyone 's least favorite choice to be with rose .
i watch the screen as rose hits the ` ` play '' button .
i would never go after lily the way he 's going after rose .
if i could , i 'd drive this limo past the restaurant and into a hotel or rose 's office .
i step back from rose and pull my phone out of my pocket .
scott van wright aired the small segment of rose and i giggling stupidly and devouring the leftover tacos .
daisy sighs and heads downstairs with rose .
[ 47 ] connor cobalt scott keeps looking at rose .
the sensible , reasonable part of me that i have always listened to says to go to rose , to make sure she 's okay .
i try to concentrate on rose , who looks murderous at any person who passes , as though every dancer in the club wronged her .
` ` that 's from rose . ''
i unlace my fingers from rose , and i hold her one hand in between two of mine , just staring at them for a while .
` ` and there are roses on the path ! ''
` ` you changed the flowers to roses ? ! ''
` ` has anyone ever told you to stop and smell the roses ? ''
cream , pink and red roses cascade along hedges , filling the gardens .
there were balconies with roses , and it looked so impossible and beautiful that i felt myself tearing up .
clementine , no big surprise , was yet another mini - clone of rose .
in fact , i saw a lot of jesse 's mannerisms in rose .
i smiled at rose as i left the laundry room behind .
i waved at rose before closing the door and heading out of the driveway .
i knew how pathetic that sounded - an eighteen - year - old girl who 'd ` ` dated '' dozens of guys was n't used to hearing nice things or getting an occasional rose or something - but it was the truth .
it was obvious from rose 's expression that she did .
i was blushing in front of rose .
i chanced a look at rose and neil , certain they 'd scowl at me like i was the wolf they 'd let into their precious little flock of sheep .
after he 'd described his parents as old - fashioned modernists , i could n't look at rose and neil the same way .
when her eyes trailed down to rose 's boots , i could tell it took everything inside of mom to keep from cringing .
with rose and justin preoccupied in the storage closet , i threw open the door and stared at the barn .
after rose and i had researched every community college with a good art school in the western half of the country , we struck gold when we found one that not only accepted late applicants but was in seattle .
after hanging up with rose , i 'd managed to stop alex right as she was leaving for school .
i had a nice arrangement sent to my mother for the dinner table , and i sent lily a dozen red roses with a card that read : ` ` beautiful flowers for a beautiful woman .
` ` i just received some beautiful red roses from a really sexy guy named luke .
26 lily i set the vase of roses that luke sent me on the counter as i thought about what i was going to wear to his family 's house .
` ` i saw them kissing in the hallway the other day , and he sent her pretty red roses today . ''
there was a bright spray of red roses lying on top of the stark white plot and it made me smile .
it had flames dancing up the back , a crown of thorns on top of it , a spray of roses along the bottom and in the center i drew a scrolling banner with my name in the center .
plasterwork of roses and angels on the ceiling smiled down on rows and rows of dusty floggers , whips , restraints , and so many toys it could ' ve been a sex shop .
i slowly made my way down the stairs on four - inch ice - blue siren pumps , adorned with tiny rich red roses while straightening my matching off the shoulder shirt with little silver embellishments along the bottom around my hips .
hector , mace 's father , had grown roses most of his life ; it was one of his many passions .
a large black and grey scale cross that started under his arm and ran almost the entire length of his ribs was intricately wrapped in a rose bush featuring three vibrant red roses , all in different states of bloom , representing different things .
the kitchen was full of baked goods , roses and four different pairs of heels he apparently thought i 'd look sexy in , and to top it off , mace was in the backyard shirtless cutting my hedges into hearts and shit . ''
` ` yeah , i ' m pretty sure i know how to do this bit , teen , '' scar smiled and took her bouquet of black and white roses from my hand .
she spread her legs and i got a beautiful shot of her p**sy , open like a rose and glistening .
he frowned as he poured me a glass of rose .
' i would have gone with roses . '
i 'll just go with roses in my wedding . '
' do you like roses , adam ? '
you 're walking around as though everyone is farting roses and pissing champagne .
no one can go six weeks without washing an area of their body and have it smell like roses , '' he explained .
so strong , so controlled - no man had done that before , a move you would see from a prince resting his princess in a bed of roses .
a man is standing there with so many roses that i ca n't see his face .
her pale skin and rose - colored lips give the whole thing a surreal feel .
all the air was forced out of rose 's lungs as her back hit the hard floor .
the rose remains between us , an offering not accepted .
she looks down at the rose in her hand .
the rose starts to fall to her side , clutched in her hand , but i reach for it , refusing to make the same mistakes my father 's made time and time again .
i take the rose and reach over the barricade and hug her quickly before saying , ` ` i need to get back .
i walk toward the door telling myself that this is necessary , but when i yank open the door , edward is standing there with a huge bouquet of yellow roses .
` ` i remember you saying you love yellow roses , and well , i thought since you were going away for a while , that you could take them with you to remember me by . ''
i took his beautiful roses , shoved them back into his arms , and pushed him out the door .
along the row of chairs at the center were incredible swooping garlands of peonies , ranunculus , miniature roses , and antique roses .
along the row of chairs at the center were incredible swooping garlands of peonies , ranunculus , miniature roses , and antique roses .
he would kiss rose , but he would n't do any explicit love scenes , and that also went into his rider .
they did n't just bring food , they turned the dining room into a romantic dinner for two , complete with candles and bouquets of roses .
the faint scent of roses wafted past as jett peered into each cubicle , making sure it was empty .
like wild roses in a warm summer night 's breeze , '' jett said in my ear as he led me through the crowd and back to my table .
what woman would n't want to hear she smelled like roses ?
in the middle , near the white stone balustrade , were a table and two chairs , the white brocade tablecloth shimmering unnaturally bright in the sunlight and building a beautiful contrast to the crystal vase holding pink roses .
from the way the roses were arranged , to the fine tablecloth and sparkling glass and cutlery , i could tell someone had mulled over every detail .
we all hugged and kissed each other on the cheek before they handed me my bouquet of white lilies and red roses , dark green ribbon holding them together , and heading out to meet the guys .
she stares at the dress that has a shimmering black silk top , a red ribbon securing the back , and an elegant flowing white bottom bunched together in places by red and black sewn roses .
she scrunches her nose at the front of the dress as she fiddles with one of the black roses on it .
so she ends up buying these clips that have black roses in them to match the dress and then we go to a cake shop and order a cake .
thankfully , caroline has the same sort of gothic style as me and orders a black- and red - striped cake with this lace on the bottom and red roses on the top .
` ` ella 's mom had a thing for roses .
inside is a ribbon necklace with a rose pendant .
it 's a beautiful dress , a shimmering black silk top , a red ribbon securing the back , and an elegant flowing white bottom bunched together in places by red and black roses .
as soon as the ribbon and rose are secured around my neck , i feel weirdly at peace .
the room is filled with roses and flickering candles .
there 's an enormous bouquet of red roses in a vase on the dresser .
the candles and roses throw me off .
i want a big fluffy dog that digs up my roses , and i want the husband who kisses me on the cheek when he comes home .
for a second my heart is pounding , but when i glance around the room there are roses everywhere .
he stands with his shoulders hunched , looking at the roses in his hand .
i stare at the roses he 's placed on the ground .
when i saw the road was deserted and i grinned at the hedge of desert roses that kept me hidden from the occasional car going down the main street , i got to work on his lock .
the straps were in the shapes of twisting roses and glittering with hundreds of silver rhinestones .
a pale cold light through the window sparkled on the stainless steel appliances , but what caught my eye were the roses .
sitting on the light wooden table was a beautiful bouquet of long stemmed red roses .
rachel found me the second day sitting at the kitchen table in tears , surrounded by the dying roses he had sent me .
jack stood outside my door carrying a dozen red roses .
he pushed the roses toward me .
jack had appeared at my door last night after six months of no communication wearing a mets jersey and holding a dozen red roses .
you smell like roses . ''
i asked , clutching a dozen red roses .
i hurried to cassie 's apartment door and waited with the roses clutched in my sweaty hands , right in front of the mets logo on my jersey .
i pushed the long - stem roses toward her .
i glanced around , noticing a vase of red roses on the table .
my stomach churns like i drank spoiled milk and i hurl in neil 's roses .
he has a bouquet of roses in his hand .
many drew roses from the arrangements setting by the gravesite and threw them on the casket .
memories of a dozen red roses given to me on valentine 's day ... and my birthday ... and our anniversary , all with the sweetest goofy grin on his face .
a vase full of bright red roses dressed up the space , the week - old bouquet still in its full glory .
cheyenne noticed it , asking me if it had anything to do with the rose that i was twirling in my fingers during poetry class .
seeing a rose petal on kellan 's pillow , i held it up and rubbed the silky petal between my fingers .
i pointed over to a modest floral arrangement that was resting between an elegant bouquet of lilies from lana , and a monstrous vase overflowing with cloyingly powerful red roses from nick .
awed and impressed , i gave her a swift hug as each of my bridesmaids started drifting across the petal - strewn tile ; their dresses perfectly matched the roses .
discretely looking , i saw a rose petal with the words forever your husband written in bold black letters .
standing on the welcome mat , resplendent in faded blue jeans and his black leather jacket , kellan was holding a dozen long - stemmed roses in one hand and a copy of my paperback in his other .
kellan immediately placed the roses in my arms .
i frowned at him as he laughed ; the roses were gorgeous , but he knew that was n't what i really wanted right now .
he grabbed a bouquet of pale lavender roses .
i was clutching my bouquet of white roses , wearing my little yellow dress .
i ' m the little girl you ' ve frozen in time because you plucked me like a rose and made me a vampire .
there were even yellow roses sitting on my side table .
i open the door and the man standing there smiles and holds out a bouquet of roses .
asher has given me flowers in the past , but he has never given me roses .
` ` i got a delivery this morning of roses and asher did n't send them . ''
i feel paranoid , but after the roses that someone left me at my dad 's house , there is always a nagging in the back of my head telling me that something bad is going to happen to me again .
he kisses my temple then looks over to his dad , but his eyes stop on the roses that are sitting on the counter .
then i remember the roses that had been outside the apartment door when i got home from the hospital .
` ` white roses , '' i whisper to myself .
` ` white roses were left outside my apartment door after i was attacked .
the light breeze was especially strong with the scent of the wild roses that grew on the outskirts of the water .
they ranged from exotic bouquets , to decadent roses , to simple carnations .
heavy , dyed leather was shaped beautifully into blue roses on the ends of thick black leather tails .
` ` do the roses scare you ? ''
` ` if you can manage not to come while i take the edge off , i 'll spare you the roses .
it told me something about those roses , though ...
the black and blue bouquet of wicked roses was arranged on the pillow as though it were a real arrangement .
he studied my back for a very long time , but said nothing , just softly kissing the marks he had left there with the black and blue roses .
from the roses ? ''
` ` i know you 're sore from the roses .
you need some time to heal from the roses .
it 's like the roses for you , i think , taking me too deeply into the thing that made me like this . ''
the roses were like that for me .
i was still sore from the roses , which added to the pain , but he was relentless , not holding back a bit .
it was a lovely mix of violet lilies , purple roses , and tidy little white calla lilies .
a rose by any other name would smell as sweet ... '' when he leaned closer , i tried to back up the stairs and tripped , sprawling .
i wondered if the rose represented her as well , but i could n't ask .
i guessed that the rose tattoo was a possible clue , given its placement over his heart .
` ` rose walked up wearing a gauzy dress , her hair twisted up - very art student .
she went by rose . ''
my fingers followed an orbit around the rose , and the hard muscle beneath it flexed with my touch .
he sat me down to dry my hair , and i watched as thin rivulets snaked over his inked skin , flowing over the rose , cutting through the scripted words , and moving into the line of hair on his abdomen before finally soaking into the towel .
he was holding a cluster of long - stemmed red roses , the color of which were identical to the blotchy , embarrassed shade of his face .
i took the roses and smelled them as he shifted a cursory look at lucas .
parker had yellow roses , my favorite , sent to my room with a small note : ` ` thinking of you . ''
but i can see you 're not all sunshine and roses at the moment either , so i hope you 're as messed up over her leaving as she is .
underneath an ivy - covered pergola , surrounded by overgrown rose of sharon bushes , every flower was in full bloom , and it felt like a little womb of blossoms .
laura turned the color of roses and picked up a stray menu , fanning herself .
send me roses .
chapter eleven the long - stemmed pink roses started arriving the next morning in an abundance that revealed gio had no idea how small her apartment was .
when the last bouquet was given away , she closed her window , waded through a forest of roses , and sat cross - legged in the middle of her bed .
i have an image in my head of you there , surrounded by those roses . ''
i should throw the roses away .
even if he wrapped the offer in a cushion of a thousand roses .
i get a basket and roses and a big pink dress .
every seat in first class was overflowing with pink roses .
every seat in the next section was also covered with pink roses .
even the flowers he 'd sent on friday , a perfectly appropriate bouquet of white roses , had blandly said , ` ` thank you for all your help on the durkin project . ''
and if you even so much as breathe on my wallet to get your card so help me god i will tie your ass up , lock you in a fucking room , and play guns n ' roses on endless loop . ''
i was just about to argue when marie came in , carrying an enormous bouquet of red roses in a clear crystal vase .
someone sent her roses yesterday . ''
you tend to keep the roses longer - like a week until they wilt .
i 'd never seen any roses or any other flowers for that matter .
i 'll only get you roses from now on . ''
lush floral arrangements of roses and lilies adorned the tables and the air was perfumed with their scent .
` ` the christensen scent sure does n't smell like roses . ''
three dozen long stemmed red roses accompanied by an ` ` i love you - i ' m so sorry '' note .
like roses would make everything better somehow - perhaps give me a rosy outlook ?
we enter through sadie 's , the nearest door , where all is white walls and black , white , and red checkered benches , and the scent of vanilla and baking pastries and coffee , and then we 're in the florist shop and it 's all geraniums and roses .
i recognize the guy with rose , but it takes me a few minutes of thinking to place him .
he 's not adam , though , and he 's clearly enamored with rose , leaning in and nuzzling her neck , saying something that has her laughing and blushing .
they nod respectfully at rose , and the rope is pulled aside to let us through .
a woman 's voice calls back , and she comes out a moment later , staring at the hulking bodyguard and then at rose , and then at me .
` ` go dance with rose . ''
sitting in rose 's elegant loft apartment , having my hair fussed over , sipping something sweet and fruity and stiffly alcoholic to soothe my nerves ?
mike brought her a shining wine glass half full of a lovely rose .
an extremely detailed fish was also on the forearm with the man , and some roses and script were on the arm with the woman .
his sense of humor , the jokes he made about our school mascot , the dozens of red roses he brought me when i played in our production of mamma mia .
he kept showing up on the stoop of her building night after night , bearing gifts of apology : boxes of chocolate and red roses that all lined the trash can the next day .
` ` i just did n't want to waste your saturday listening to my dad drone on and on about his different species of roses or his war stories . ''
` ` do you like roses , emma ? ''
the roses will still be here when you finish , '' patrick replied , good - naturedly .
` ` those are don juan 's or sweetheart roses .
they 're also known as climbing roses because they grow well on arbors and sides of buildings .
she had just inhaled what she imagined was a yellow rose of texas when patrick 's voice startled her .
emma glanced up from the rose she was admiring to find patrick giving her a knowing look .
she gasped and almost dropped the rose .
he sure as hell hoped emma had n't mentioned something to patrick while they were looking at the roses .
every bouquet and every dozen roses he sent had a separate card filled with his ramblings of remorse , how much he missed her , and how much he cared for her and the baby .
she could have been one of patrick 's roses in bloom .
jaw aching with the effort to remain smiling , mairi greeted every parent and guardian that came her way , relying on rose 's script to make sure she did n't inadvertently become anyone 's worst enemy .
the other woman had a tendency to snoop around in hopes of catching one of her teachers violating any of rose 's gazillion rules .
mandy looked at rose thorn , who was frowning suspiciously while velvet stole a look at charity , who was scowling .
` ` i -- - '' conscious of rose 's presence on the other side of the room , mairi said carefully but sincerely , ` ` i am so glad to hear from you , auntie . ''
her student came to her side , quietly gazing as mairi continued to arrange the newly transplanted roses .
pain blossomed inside her like a rose filled with thorns , but after a heartbeat mairi just decided to let it all go and focus on what she did have .
he had heard that the indomitable rose thorn was good at charming people and getting money out of their pockets , and now he knew it was true .
just enough to buy a bouquet of roses and a greeting card , mairi thought in satisfaction as she leaned back against the seat .
next to the door was a lovely waist - high rosewood cabinet , and gracing its top was a vase of exotic roses sent by drake morrison .
my orgasm burst out like an opening flower , like a rose , and i felt divinely beautiful in my ecstasy .
i gave them all hugs , and then trevor handed me something he 'd been holding behind his back : a bouquet of red roses .
he moaned again , and the sound traveled through his body , awakening the rest of him to the moment , to the scent of guns instead of roses , the brush of leather instead of lace .
and owen came out of it smelling like roses and got a f**king easter bonus .
` ` if you 're going to court me , detective , i like roses .
the pink roses were worn , and the saucer did n't match .
i 'll take off my belt , loop it once , and slap it across those sweet white cheeks until you 're pink as a rose and your face is covered with tears .
` ` -my belt , loop it once , and slap it across those sweet white cheeks until you 're pink as a rose and your face is covered with tears .
a dozen red roses on pam 's desk .
when i got back to my office , another vase of red roses stood on pam 's desk .
pam was business as usual , dozen red roses on her desk notwithstanding .
i plucked the card from the roses .
hotshot college grad whose daddy thinks she shits roses .
she does n't know it but it 's you that puts red and white roses with a blue ribbon on his grave every f**kin ' sunday .
these were always , exclusively , perfect ivory roses .
knight 's only addition to making our house a home , outside my ivory roses in the bedroom , was what was mounted on the wall above that table .
not to mention , before i left i had time to primp but there was n't enough time in the car in the summer heat for the bloom to go off the rose .
i had my hand in the bend of lash 's arm , my other hand wrapped around a huge bouquet of little baby daisies mixed with big , beautiful white roses and my eyes were on the doors in front of us that led to the church sanctuary .
` ` the bloom has gone off the rose of kp duty . ''
it was a picture of tess standing next to him in a classy ivory dress that hugged her rounded figure and skimmed her knees , her hair twisted in a sophisticated knot at the back of her head , her feet encased in a pair of high - heeled , f**k - me shoes , one hand holding a bouquet which was a mixture of blood - red and bright pink roses , the other arm wrapped around his back .
teach me to stop and smell the roses .
in front of the altar at our church , i stood next to shy while holding a bouquet of ivory roses with white hydrangeas at the base , the stems wrapped in ivory satin ribbon , my hair up in a series of elegant curls and twists because , for some reason , shy requested it be that way .
then , in the morning , they expect breakfast , coffee , and to come home from work to roses with a note sayin ' the guy never had better .
you got a man who thinks to buy you roses , says he 's never had better , big chances are he 's lyin ' .
it was also my experience that they thought the world should throw roses at their feet just because they were hot .
he bought me a bouquet of red roses at fake liberace 's wedding chapel .
but jeans , roses , and liberace were perfect .
it was a soft taupe with a hint of rose , loose - weave and a bit see - through .
every woman opens their legs for him and everyone in town thinks he shits roses .
even you think he shits roses , '' harry retorted .
i paired this with silver stud earrings in the shapes of little daisies , a bunch of silver bangles on my wrist with dangly daisies or roses on them and a pair of kelly green , suede flats with a big flower on the rounded toe .
they were tan leather that almost matched the belt and they had five thin straps that led into a big rose at the toe and a wraparound ankle strap you could n't see under the bootcut of my jeans ( which was too bad because i always thought it was sassy and brad had agreed , he 'd loved those sandals and he especially loved the sassy ankle strap ) .
we 'd been going together for two years and he 'd taken me to a posh hotel and bought me roses and told me he 'd love me until the day he died after we did it .
it was doubtful at fifteen neeta held out for posh hotels and roses and equally doubtful her first still remembered her birthday , if he ever knew it at all .
when we did it , he took me to a fancy hotel and he 'd arranged it so there was a bouquet of red roses by the bed when we got to the room .
i was wearing a pale pink blouse with cap sleeves , a skintight , pencil skirt in cream linen and a pair of rose colored , high - heeled slingbacks .
then guns ' n ' roses ` ` sweet child o ' mine '' started playing and out of the corner of my eye i saw wood move .
in it , tate wearing his dark suit ; jonas wearing his dark suit ; me wearing a form - fitting , cream silk , boat necked dress , the hem hitting above my knee , sexy , pink strappy sandals on my feet and a massive bouquet of delicate , pale pink peonies and roses in my hand .
chapter three signing bonus i sat in the passenger seat of my own car , the glossy , violet and ice blue cardboard folder that carried our wedding photos and a large envelope with our marriage certificate was sitting on my thighs , a huge bouquet of roses was in my hand , the vegas traffic was heavy , walker was driving us back to the hotel .
a huge , close bundle of blush - colored roses mixed here and there with gorgeous ivory ones .
just roses pressed together tightly .
there were a lot of roses , probably two dozen , maybe even more , they were gorgeous , each one sheer perfection , but still .
therefore , i lay in bed and stared at those roses for what had to be five minutes trying to figure out what i thought .
that was because on the counter was a scattering of dissected roses and he knew by their color they were from her wedding bouquet .
he noticed that it was n't one piece of glass but two and between them she 'd pressed petals from the roses in the shape of a heart .
then she admitted , ` ` i was pissed at you but not pissed enough not to keep a few of the roses . ''
the next thursday , ty 's day off but i was back at work , i came home and it had two dozen blush and cream roses in it .
he was also uncertain how to respond to her appearance because he knew with it and the huge - ass grocery shop she did yesterday as well as the massive bouquet of pink and ivory roses that was in the vase on the dining table and the banging around she 'd been doing in the kitchen all morning that made the house smell like brownies ( first ) then garlic , that she was going all out for their afternoon visitor .
we got out of the cab and made our way toward the graveside complete with elevated casket covered in an ostentatious spray of yellow roses that pissed me off because xenia hated yellow .
when he was done , i thought it safe to approach the opened earth and look down at those beautiful but inappropriate roses .
in the center of the table there was an enormous spray of blood - red roses , no baby 's breath , no greenery , just those stunning stems .
turning woodenly , i saw all my stuff in the kitchen , dishtowels folded over the oven handle , canisters on the counter , crock holding wooden spoons and spatulas sitting by the range , another huge spray of blood - red roses resting on the bar .
` ` i wan na smell my roses while you 're inside me , '' i whispered and i got another flash before he dipped his head and his mouth was on mine .
still , i had the scent of roses lingering in my nostrils and the feel of ham still lingering between my legs .
the bar separating the kitchen from the dining room / living room also had food , a big devil 's food cake on a tall cake stand ( xenia 's favorite ) , a massive spray of red roses , and all this was intermingled with framed photographs of xenia .
the bouquet of blood - red roses that we brought , the newest one since we always brought one to xenia when we came , had tipped to the side .
zara might be ticked off , but although there were arrangements of red and ivory roses on the tables , a three - tiered wedding cake they 'd eventually get to cutting , and a dj , this was not a formal reception .
scowling , she exhaled heavily ; anger flushed her cheeks turning her skin from cream to roses .
` ` i ' m going to use a dead rose that i found on the sidewalk and dip it in glue to make it hard and then i ' m going to paint it black and red and then ... '' she reeled off her project in intimate detail , charging around the room .
the bloom was n't fresh like the bud of a rose but black .
even the white roses around the room somehow changed to black dahlias .
his life had n't always been sunshine and roses .
i ca n't sell you roses and chocolates and words .
he handed the red roses to her .
if he 'd not fallen for laura he might have had a chance to experience love with rose .
` ` you should n't come near rose again , '' brad said .
` ` i 'll vouch for rose .
i can see rose is a submissive , but she 's young , peter .
` ` you 're a natural , and you care for rose .
the sound of the front door opening made rose pause .
frowning , he cut the thoughts of rose out of his mind and stared at laura .
chapter nine peter stared down into rose 's face .
he 'd run to the supermarket tomorrow with rose .
parking the car , he walked around to rose 's side of the car .
dale stood with a bunch of red roses .
accepting the roses , she invited him into her apartment while she set about putting them into a measuring jug .
she put the roses away and met him in the sitting room .
john stood there with a dozen red roses .
he handed her the roses .
she lifted the roses to inhale their scent .
` ` yeah , you know , the roses and flowers kind of date .
his life had n't been sunshine and roses .
t x opal smiled as she read the card with the white roses once again .
the music started up and opal walked down with a bouquet of white roses .
eva thought about the time she spent with rose .
all of her illusions about rose and hardy were flying out of the window .
tiny led her into the kitchen where the remains of rose 's drinking lay .
cheryl walked toward the large selection of roses .
` ` eva loves roses , but she does n't have any one selection .
the strain in rose and hardy 's relationship had started to show .
leaving the clubhouse , she walked toward rose .
* * * * cheryl finished wrapping up the bouquet of red roses for nash .
* * * * cheryl finished the display of roses as eva walked in .
cheryl was serving nash as she finished wrapping a bunch of roses in a bow .
he held a bouquet of white roses .
leaning against the bar he saw prue playing cards with rose and hardy .
i mean , i ' ve seen hardy with rose , and they 're amazing .
hardy 's name and the skulls were inked on rose 's arm , and also she was wearing one of hardy 's jackets .
she saw the respect the guys had for rose and the lack of it toward kate .
it 's the same for rose .
becky handed her the bouquet of red roses .
` ` look at you , black and blue hair , white dress and red roses . ''
she stared at her roses feeling the panic rise .
` ` why do you love roses ? ''
he just knew in his gut that this girl had a past , and it was n't all flowers and roses .
violet deserved roses and flowers .
inhaling the air , nick smelled something wonderful and fresh like the roses in his garden .
i cut some roses out of the garden for the table .
` ` still no sign of the ice breaking from rose ? ''
the sound of rose crying followed by hardy murmuring met their ears .
on one of her thighs was the ink of a rose , the thorns spiking out .
she loved roses , he suddenly realized .
the ink on her skin was what she loved the most , roses .
the roses were like his woman , prickly if handled wrongly .
the life she led had n't been one filled with sunshine and roses , but with pain and secrecy .
both of them looked up to see rose and tiny climbing out of the car .
` ` they were arguing about rose , '' tate said , standing in front of murphy .
she agreed with rose .
` ` ink is keeping an eye on rose .
his past was n't all filled with roses and love .
` ` like i just got the details requesting a divorce from rose .
at the altar she 'd placed huge banks of white lilies and gilded roses .
the.shock in rose 's voice was strong enough to carry over alanis and the road noise .
she had n't seen nearly enough of rose and vanessa and had only been able to schedule this weekend with them because james was busy with a men's - only golf tournament on saturday .
in lieu of hunting them out via their cell phones or by the pool , she made a quick call to rose 's room .
nine on her way out of the lobby , carrie left a quick message at the front desk for rose and vanessa , letting them know that they could reach her at green vineyards and that she 'd call them soon to arrange their trip back home to san francisco .
vanessa turned from the check - in desk and waved her room key at rose and carrie .
` ` nice try : ' ` ` i ' m going to turn down the lessons anyway , so you might as well go instead of me : ' vanessa advanced on rose .
he admired the round curve of rose 's hips as she walked inside , then he flipped a switch on the wall .
rose had had her share of mast***ation fantasies over the years , but for all her knowledge of the kama sutra , they 'd been pretty tame scenarios with movie stars and candlelight and roses .
but for the first time in rose 's life , she refused to heed that cautious voice .
` ` do n't let me screw this up , rose ' he looked up at her , his green eyes full of something that made rose 's stomach flutter .
the confident rose seemed to be back to stay .
in honor of rose , of course .
for rose , listening to his lesson on the art of tasting was like looking inside his soul .
he 'd always had to hold back his insatiable sexual appetite when he was with a women , but tonight , with rose , he was being given free reign to every fantasy .
he 'd never come like this before , like it would n't stop , like every second in rose 's mouth made him harder , not softer .
a mockingbird ran through its playlist of songs , each sounding more desperate than the next , mirroring the worries in rose 's heart .
his eyelids opened , and his vivid green eyes smiled down at rose 's gaping mouth .
rose , perfect , lush rose , was a continual contradiction .
and the reason was simple : everything seemed right with rose .
she died the year of my first bottling ' ` ` i ' m so sorry ' rose said , squeezing his hand , cursing herself for bringing up a painful subject .
rose , sweet , delectable rose , continued to be full of surprises .
no interruptions : ' his seductive tone left no question in rose 's mind as to what he had planned .
he 'd never thought the aroma of parsley was a turn - on before , but then again , he 'd never done it with rose before either .
great ' rose said .
he 'd been so kind , so understanding about her insecure ` ` moment '' earlier , and she was able to let the playful rose emerge again .
all of rose 's fears , everything she knew to be true about herself , about her life and what it could be , came back in a rush .
she 'd pounded on rose 's door and carrie 's too , but neither of them had been in their rooms .
she did n't usually come in on sunday - a day reserved for a good time , preferably in bed with some boy toy she 'd picked up saturday night - but she 'd just returned from sunday brunch with rose and carrie and had n't been able to think of anything better to do .
that was when janica looked up and finally saw him , her eyes going wide , her face flushing an even deeper shade of rose .
the delivery guys had been loaded with her belongings , all of which had been purchased by simon , and the messenger came bearing several dozen red roses and an envelope with a note .
he looked over the top of an abundant bouquet of roses that was placed prominently on her desk , frowning at his gray - haired assistant .
` ` my ralph has sent me two dozen red roses every valentine 's day for thirty - seven years . ''
i wanted to believe that the rose i knew was still inside of her , waiting to come out again . ''
on her doorstep was the most incredible bouquet of red roses she had ever seen .
lifting the heavy , sturdy vase that appeared to be crystal , maddie lugged the roses to her dining room table .
he said i should have dozens of roses instead of just one .
i told him that one red rose was so much better than anything anyone could ever do for me because it came from him .
lifting the heavy , sturdy vase that appeared to be made of crystal , she secured the door behind her and lugged the roses to her dining room table .
now , he had finally given her the dozens of roses she deserved .
when she swung it open , he grinned at her and held up a red rose .
she took the rose , making sure not to touch his fingers .
she brought the rose to her nose .
` ` i was torn between a rose and a tulip .
a rose is more romantic ... but you seem to not want romance from me , '' he said .
her muslin dress was topped with a dusty rose print , which split down the front to reveal the under layer of pink .
at the end of our meeting , we decide on various arrangements of rusty orange dahlias , mint and buttercup roses , antique hydrangeas , ranunculus , and aspidistra .
the extravagant vase of purple roses that bennett gave me when he got home last night sits in the center of the table .
probably because she knew i 'd be the bad guy and she 'd come off looking like roses .
maybe megan was right about the rose colored glasses , i scolded myself .
* * * * i clutched the bouquet of roses as i stepped onto the elevator , feeling all the apprehension from being in a hospital multiply considering who i was there to visit .
holding a crumpled bouquet of roses .
i must have been gawking like i was watching a train wreck unfold before my very eyes because he gestured with the roses , bringing me back .
or the roses that were left .
swallowing , i pushed away the slight dizziness that hit me and walked to the counter , placing the roses beside the sink .
the smell of roses mingled with the rush of water .
like roses .
the weather , the birds , the light floral scent of roses beside the hot tub - all of it was preferable to telling melissa the truth .
i stepped into my office and shut the door behind me , then faced the most beautiful red roses i 'd ever seen .
i one handed the roses , using the other to wipe my face .
i was greeted by rose bryson and her husband johnny , both of them with wiry red - brown hair , bright - colored clothing , and bright smiles with their rainbow colored victorian .
he was just as kind and giving as rose , and together they managed to love each other fiercely and still have enough love to make me feel like i was n't a mistake .
excited whispers echoed around the room as people streamed in , all holding bouquets of red roses .
he glanced at the doorway , a final person entering the room with a single rose .
he thanked her and took the rose , moving toward me .
he held a bottle of wine in one hand , a bouquet of red roses in the other , and an expression that said he knew this was a bad idea , but it was too late to turn back now .
he extended the roses to me and the bottle to jacob .
the bathroom air is redolent with the scent of roses .
my moldavian designer blouse , the one with the gold chanel - like buttons , only they are shaped like roses .
there 's a softness brimming in them that calls to mind candlelight dinners and red , red roses the texture of velvet .
she has arranged the table artfully with two placemats and a bowl of roses .
` ` i 'd like to order a dozen of your most exotic , expensive roses , '' he said to the florist .
cece entered shannon 's office carrying the biggest , most amazing bouquet of exotic roses shannon had ever seen and she wondered which player cece had received them from but when cece put the flowers on shannon 's desk with a delighted smile , shannon eyed the roses warily .
cece entered shannon 's office carrying the biggest , most amazing bouquet of exotic roses shannon had ever seen and she wondered which player cece had received them from but when cece put the flowers on shannon 's desk with a delighted smile , shannon eyed the roses warily .
they 're the most beautiful roses i ' ve ever seen .
` ` i 'd like two dozen fire and ice roses delivered , please .
when the florist stood with the most brilliant , breath - taking array of red and white variegated roses , she could n't speak for a moment and simply gestured to the table .
she lifted her head and wiped her nose to stare at the blood - red and stark - white blend of roses .
penny groaned and pushed herself away from the table and those gorgeous roses that she did n't deserve .
right now , we ' ve made a magnanimous gesture to the grieving family and we ' ve come out smelling like a rose .
the altar had been set up only a few yards from the shoreline of coronado beach , white roses twining around the little structure 's intricate cedar frame .
i sold a wreath , and three dozen roses . ''
she 'd driven around town like a maniac , first to the rose room , the banquet hall where jeannine and her husband - to - be henry were holding their wedding reception .
during one of her trips to the rose room , she 'd had a moment to chat with annabelle and her business partner , holly , who mentioned matt had just left .
fortunately , the apartment had been empty , save for the roses and the chilling note brendan had left on her pillow .
the intoxicating scent of her , vanilla and roses and something soft and feminine .
he could n't be all thorn and no rose , could he ?
lizzy comes a little closer , and i can smell her lotion : gardenias and maybe roses .
i breathe deeply as i move under massive weeping willows and between carefully manicured snap roses .
the patterned wallpaper featured tiny roses and there were flecks of gold throughout it .
pink roses coloured her cheeks , and those dark smudges around her eyes seemed less pronounced .
her breasts rose like pale marble , rose - tipped and suggestively revealed .
she had skin like the velvet petals of a rose and the kick - ass attitude of the prickliest cactus , and it was turning out to be a combination that drove him crazy .
` ` a thorn between two roses , '' he smiled graciously for their benefit , jerking his head imperceptibly at dylan to disappear .
the firelight warmed kara 's skin tone to toffee and danced roses in her cheeks .
always in scrapes , all of us , but billy always seemed to come out of it smelling of roses .
but that same afternoon , while kenny was at football practice and carson was back at school meeting with another parent who had a kid who really was failing english , evan opened the door to his apartment and found two dozen long - stemmed roses on his dining table and jeffery sitting almost naked on his sofa .
evan reached out to touch a rose and smiled .
but as he was about to back down , one of the bartenders walked into the dressing room with the biggest vase of red roses treston had ever seen .
he was so surprised by the roses and the card , he forgot all about what the other guys thought .
he barely noticed when lyon took the card out of his hand because he was too busy smelling the roses and thinking about chad .
treston continued to stare at the roses .
he 'd received expensive roses like this before from men .
what kind of a man sends roses to another man when he already has a boyfriend ? ''
he just sent you roses .
treston was looking at the roses again and lyon set his palm on the small of treston 's back .
treston had thought the roses chad had sent the day after had been the end of all this silliness .
about a week after treston had had dinner with chad , while chad had been sending him roses and gifts , chad 's blond boyfriend with the potty mouth had discovered chad in bed with his brother again .
when i pulled into daras graveled driveway , i opened the trunk and took out the two bouquets of roses that i had purchased at the florist in town .
i nodded and held out a bouquet of red roses .
i clutched daras roses and sat on the afghan - covered couch .
i held out her bouquet of soft pink roses .
a cupcake tree on each end of the table bloomed white cupcakes decorated in a variety of trims from tiny pink roses to pink polka dots .
a scarlet shine on the doorstep made her look down : it was a red rose .
she went back inside , filled a glass with water , took it to her room and put the rose inside .
joshua claimed that he had just arrived , so it could nt have been him offering the rose .
they had been upset ; he might not want to show weakness and , therefore , had left the rose on the step to not have to face her .
she was glad she did it , otherwise she would have stepped on a rose .
she noticed then where she was sitting : on the doorstep , where that morning she had found a red rose .
hmm , red roses , enjoying the moonlight and the stars ... she was getting too mellifluous for her taste .
the roses !
i had no idea who had provided the roses nor what did they mean .
besides , in common sense , red roses mean something quite different ... and she blushed while remembering that they represented the passion fire .
i i need to know that you re fine and roses are nt enough to reassure me .
after that , she felt happy to see that lucas was fine , and felt flattered by the fact that he had been the one leaving her the red roses at the door .
ah , the red roses thing does nt work .
on his pillow was a red rose , and this time it had a card .
she smelled the rose and rolled in happiness on the mattress .
after placing the rose with the others , she went to the kitchen for breakfast .
joshua gazed at the rose , shrugged and replied with irony , according to the easily observable parameters , i d say it 's a rose , correct ?
joshua gazed at the rose , shrugged and replied with irony , according to the easily observable parameters , i d say it 's a rose , correct ?
she believed that he was a very romantic guy , capable of such gestures , however , and given how things went between them , offering roses was out of the equation .
the rose was from lucas .
when she went out and locked the door , she said to joshua , thanks , but i know it was nt you who brought the rose .
playing around , joshua pretended to be offended , my dear , do you think i d offer you a rose ?
she knew who had left the rose there , but she would not reveal it to him .
she was preparing to snag the backpack , when joshua gave her a red rose .
lucas had left her another rose she felt bad about it .
a voice deep inside assured her he was nt gone : he had left her a rose on her doorstep that morning .
with her sight blurry , she shut her eyelids for seconds and recalled all the happy moments spent with lucas : the closeness that they had experienced the night he had appeared to her injured ; the day they had passed in the skate park ; the painting in the drawing workshop ; him watching over her from the wall in the rain ; their first kiss ; the roses he left at her door ...
the glint in her eyes quickly dwindled : there were no roses waiting at the entrance step .
she expelled all darkest judgments from her brain with an ostracism order and told herself that it was still early ; the rose could appear there until time to go school .
when she opened it , she stepped back in an automatic gesture of astonishment : joshua was holding a beautiful bouquet of red roses and displayed a disconcerting smile that broke her into a thousand pieces .
he shrugged and , while he passed her the bouquet , he explained , i was thinking about the roses that the secret admirer left here for your mother .
she filled it with water put the bouquet inside , left the roses in the living room and ran to the toilet to wash her face .
she blushed a deeper shade of rose as she lowered her eyes to her fingers .
` ` i sort of forgot to give these to you last night , '' he gave her a cute , dimpled apologetic smile as he thrust a bouquet of a dozen red roses at her .
a large bouquet of roses and chocolates also sat waiting for her on the blanket .
those meant more to me than if he d stopped at a florist shop to buy me a dozen roses .
flowers roses specifically , candy , jewelry .
he admired the cherry wood paneling , sea green wallpaper , and the rose - gold light fixtures .
a walnut casket with hand carved roses on the side and ivory handles was placed in the middle of the living room .
most of the furniture had to be moved and put into storage to make room for the masses of white roses and other flowers from friends and family .
she was holding a bouquet of white roses .
i also bought you some flowers , he replied , taking two - dozen red roses in a vase out of the pantry , and putting them on the table .
he walked up the numerous steps , with a dozen pink roses in his hand .
the combination of the pink and carnation roses embroidered on every inch of the gown matched the glowing tint of light slowly increasing in the early morning .
before i went into their house i stopped into a flower shop and bought yhanna white roses .
and then look on her eyes again i want to give the roses but i think its going to be bad .
still the roses behind my back .
that was in the back of my mind as the roses falls from behind my back .
red roses w/ its romantic fumes .
he had the stage all decked out in different color roses and silk drapery stuff , and a little table with a single red rose in the center .
he went around every bouquet there was on stage and pulled a rose from it and made me a new bouquet .
perfectly green grass rose bushes full of red roses with a pathway of painted stones and even a little fountain .
they were tiny pink roses , surrounded by a spray of babys breath .
the guy freaking sent roses to your work .
please , he begged dropping down on one knee to be down near her level , he offered her the bouquet of yellow roses .
buddy , red - faced , holding out a bouquet of roses , kneeling in front of mandy , obviously asking her a question .
remember that first day at the caf when you gave her roses , got down on your knee , and proposed to her ?
pick a safe place , with a small audience , kneel down , give her roses , and ask her to marry you ?
he chose a bouquet of deep red roses and white carnations .
she applied a tiny bit of rose colored lip gloss and a spray of perfume .
in her hand was a small bouquet of white roses and mixed pink and blue wildflowers .
he had acquired a rose from somewhere , probably one of the flower arrangements and stuck it into his buttonhole .
she felt a sense of pride as she looked at the plaster cornices and ceiling roses , still intact and as fresh as the day they were carved .
it fell steadily on the grey slate roofs , filling up the drainpipes and emptying out into the street , it trickled down the window panes , shut tight , closed to the outside world , it gathered on the sills and dripped into the cottage gardens , soaking the rows of dahlias and roses , it blew up the hill , past the village shop , with its red victorian post box set deep into the wall , it lashed at a last minute shopper , flattening her hair into wet , lank streaks , pulling at her raincoat and running down her wet stockings onto her sodden shoes .
when he opened the door and stood there , an enormous smile on his face , a bunch of roses in one hand and a bottle of dom perignon in the other , she knew that he had made a decision .
he handed her the roses and proceeded to open the champagne .
if you want marriage and roses round the door i m not for you , you know what i m like .
then at last they turned off the motorway and headed up into the mountains , the land was greener , covered in rock roses and broom , wild oleanders filled the valley floor , a ribbon of red and white flowers that snaked along beside the narrow riverbed .
she asked pointing to the roses .
and this luscious dark hair ... barbara smelled like rose perfume .
the wind was mingling the smells of the food and drink with the mix of perfumes we d all been wearing that day : barbaras rose - scent , my coco chanel , meryls sweet lavender , ellas sugar vanilla , and ivys mystery scent that reminded me of mandarin oranges .
romantic times magazine about the author laura taylors romance writing awards include 6 lifetime achievement , reviewers choice , and career achievement awards and certificates from romantic times , 2 maggie awards from grw / rwa , a golden rose award from the gold coast chapter of rwa , an rwa golden heart series romance finalist award , and an rwa rita finalist award .
he wore a three - piece charcoal - gray suit that shouted armani , and he carried an extravagant bouquet of fragrant roses .
sam strode across the room and placed the bouquet of roses on the nightstand .
look , those are the roses , she says , pointing them out .
her house would have white walls and white carpets and a white cat with blue eyes and it would smell like the beach roses that grew by the fence .
two late roses , blood red and just beginning to unfurl , bloomed near the stairs .
beach roses used to line the path to the rocky beach by the lighthouse .
she was dressed in a bright red wool coat with a huge corsage made up of red poinsettia and white roses pinned to her left shoulder .
as i walk up , i see three red roses lying on the seat , tied together mid - stem , on top of a small plate of saran - wrapped peanut butter brownies with a sticky note on top .
i smile as i pick up the roses and the plate and sit down .
he did manage to hang on to your roses , becca smiles , sniffling and wiping her eyes .
yeah , and bryson got a vase for your roses .
then all of a sudden my smile fades away as i m looking at the roses .
but the only thing these roses are allowing me to think about right now is the accident , and how bryson has been affected by it .
i tilt my head down to smell the roses just underneath my chin , and i smile as i start to think about bryson .
then i secure the bottom of the vase between my legs so i can text him , simply telling him that i m smelling the roses he gave me , followed by a smiley face .
a reality that was nt all roses and sunshine , and earth - shattering make - out sessions and exciting basketball games and things like that .
i drop my hands and look over at the table against the wall ; i see my roses from bryson sitting there , in a vase .
roses grow in the front yard and vegetables in the backyard , with lots of room for roxy to run and play .
satisfied that i had the place to myself , i took a small rose quartz out of the basket at the entrance and pulled my special wish - stone out of my jeans pocket , to leave at the centre with the hope that my wish would come true .
shocked does nt begin to describe the way i felt when i opened the door to see a man standing there with a dozen , maybe more , of multi colored roses .
i see a flash of red in the peephole , and i open the door to the most amazing arrangement of roses i ve ever seen .
i stand there staring at three - dozen roses , mostly trying to figure out how i m going to get them all into the apartment .
three roses for each finger .
it takes me two trips , but i manage to get all the roses into the house .
he sends me flowers on the second day , a dozen roses left at my doorstep .
amber looked up to see derek walking down the hallway toward her station with a bouquet of roses in his hands .
derek handed her the roses and she went to find a vase to put them in .
lunch , roses , she said with a question in her voice .
i imagine dinners cooked from scratch , surprise gifts , roses on the bed .
due to its size , only family and close friends shared in the solemn vows spoken within but , as catherine and nicolas followed the trail of long stemmed roses strewn between the aisles to the outside , the population of ophella waited to greet them .
he gave me a rose today .
they met no ones gaze , only staring forlornly at their sons coffin , which overflowed with white roses and lilies .
one by one , his immediate family plucked roses from the decorations .
he has matured so much and he brought me a rose .
mamma likes her roses , but uncle justin said i could have some .
he had nt purchased the traditional roses but instead presented her with gorgeous , long stemmed , pink and white striped lilies .
when steven had mentioned flowers to victoria , she had dismissed the traditional red roses suggesting something a little more exotic .
her bed covers were pink with mauve roses and ruffles around the edge .
her face flushed a dusty rose and she laughed a little self - consciously .
there were the traditional red roses but also intermingled were fragrant marigolds and some baby 's breath as well as several types of lilies that anna recognized as coming from tim morenos greenhouse .
wilted bouquets of flowers covered every surface , filling the air with the thick musk of old , dried roses .
jackson moved forward , his fingers brushing against a dried rose , hanging over the edge of a crystal vase .
suddenly a large , perfect rose appeared under my nose .
a table and twelve chairs carved from dark , rich cherry held the center of the room , set with blue and white china and blue crystal , surrounding a centerpiece of ruby red roses .
carefully weeding and loosening the dirt around her roses , she picked one ruby red rose and started toward the house .
she was wearing an off the shoulder gown of pink chiffon with embroidered roses and leaves entwined throughout the skirt .
long stem roses .
i gave the roses to lonnie ; he s going to put them on his wifes grave tomorrow .
given that august in santa barbara was still a warm month , shed chosen a dusty rose , cotton button - down tunic and black leggings .
there was a quick knock on the back door , startling abby and causing her to prick her finger on a rose thorn .
i might trouble you to buy me roses or take me out to a nice movie , or read me one of your favorite books .
and then you returned like a paused movie clip that resumed : august the air is ripe with roses .
we ride our bikes under an arch of reds and pinks and stop midway : you place your palm over the tops of the roses hanging off the arches : oh my god !
i watch you bend into the roses and inhale ; your shirt lifts and i see your tanned back .
did you know there are800 types of roses in this park ?
i wonder what it means to love a color , or a rose .
today , after the fuschia fades , when the day has cooled and breath hangs like smoke in the air , and the roses wilt from too many frosts , i think of you , penelope , how you will return to elizabeth park against your will .
and after the truck pulls away , and the hum of the motor is faint , there is youalone and still in the dark , and air is silent ; and the last breath is moving out of your lungs ; you would never inhale , or see or touch or smell the fuchsia roses .
a man who dies young for his country , they say , will know only lifes roses and leave no orphans .
in the center was a gigantic pink marble urn with roses in it .
the gardens of the bagatelle had been stripped to provide flowers for the parade ; asters of all colors , jacobs trumpets , roses were scattered in the street .
there was a huge old maple tree in the front yard and someone had planted pink roses all around the house .
in the summer there were wild roses growing along the wrought iron fence , but today , they were just clusters of stalks sticking up from the snow - covered beds .
pa - thetic , she murmured , as sexy hulk pulled a rose from his pants and tossed it to a screaming fan .
she had this little string or roses and thousands of bobby pins .
after that , she had weaved a string of red roses throughout it that matched the color of my dress perfectly .
he padded down the hallway following the trail of sweet smelling roses .
their light bounced playfully off the roses making them a much deeper and prettier shade of red .
h gently set the rose in front of the grave stone .
her hair smelled of roses , her shoulder and neck of obsession perfume .
she looked back and forth between the two of them , her aristocratic cheekbones turning a dusty rose .
whenever i think about these moments , my heart starts to blossom together with thousands of roses .
a rose that blossomed with his girls gaze , watered by her thoughts , at last wilted and withered , unknown to the girl herself- the rose was nothing other than his heart .
a rose that blossomed with his girls gaze , watered by her thoughts , at last wilted and withered , unknown to the girl herself- the rose was nothing other than his heart .
her love was like a rose that gives equal fragrance to the breeze and the storm .
` ` in the garden of eden , there once grew a rose .
my darlin ' , you are the rose that can not grow tall among the lilies and blooms of the garden .
such a rose of your beauty , must grow alone on a hill , to reign over the world , not a garden . ''
it was a rose so familiar , that had been strengthened by the storms that existed outside of the garden .
that 's why , they said , the garden followed him home , but the rose remained his idea of perfection .
` ` it 's no surprise that you are my rose . ''
now it 's time to end this game and give me my rose . ''
if i ' m your rose , then i ' m perfect the way i am , right ? ''
` ` the rose was perfect in the garden , but outside the garden it became a tree that never stopped growing .
when she finally got to work that afternoon , a dozen roses waited on her desk .
emily hopped from her seat , did you see your roses ?
of course , i did n't know fine poetry from roses are red or dr . seuss .
her auburn hair was laced with tiny pink roses and cascades of curls falling down her back .
in her hands she held a small bouquet of seven pink roses , lilies , and baby 's breath .
when they reached their destination , emily handed her bouquet of white roses to miranda .
the tail starts just out of view below his pants and the body snakes up his side , surrounded by roses in really fine detail .
the way the snake evolves and the flowers sort of burst from the body , i get a fantastic idea for golds , greens , blues , and a fire - orange color for the roses .
his tattoo is a reminder to be a ruthless businessman even if it means striking people less fortunate than him , but the roses are meant to represent that even cobras can be gentle and beautiful .
the accent color for the roses will make it one of my best .
along the back of the building bloomed a garden of early roses .
after a day spent killing , covered in blood and near death , these roses did nt just represent the living , they represented life where it should nt be , vibrancy where there should be only viciousness , color in a world of black and white .
we picked a few of the roses and carried them back inside , giving one to tyler , page and haley .
we spent the rest of the night laughing about our close calls earlier in the day and admiring the gorgeous roses .
tess dressed her sister in shimmering gowns , laced her round and round with diamonds and pearls , and piled bouquets of jasmine and violets and roses in her lap , pledges from her many adoring swains .
` ` same orchestras ; same roses ; same silly cotillion danced by the same frivolous debutantes .
` ` and if the rose were intended to shrivel on its vine , it would have been made to look like a thistle , '' he said impatiently , drawing close to her .
every rose has its thorn truth was , serena did nt wan na go home that night .
she was back at home when she recalled things that happened with blake that afternoon , and she could nt help but pause for a while , holding the bouquet of roses he gave her and sitting down on bed .
growing older , she realized , was nothing more than coming to the truth that you have to make the hardest decisions , because the world is nt the bed of roses you wanted to believe it was .
how i preferred instead the fresh smell of sunnyside roses .
a look of guilt spread over her face , and her cheeks blushed a deep shade of rose .
i stopped and stared at the huge vase of yellow roses gracing the top of the entertainment center .
the huge vase of yellow roses was gone .
renata held the flowers outa mix of red roses , white daisies and sprigs of lavenderand katja accepted them with a shaky hand .
she deserved one thousand thread sheets and roses and champagne and candles .
i received roses everywhere we stayed .
dozens of roses , placed around the room , on top of dressers , in our bed , in vases .
i felt a tiny bump as i knocked over a vase of roses .
to my surprise , i had traveled all the way across the room to jakob 's side and still had time to turn around to see the roses land on the floor .
she groaned , softly pressed her ear against the wallpaper , a field of repeating pink roses framed with a spray of white baby 's breath .
she looked at rose in her usual spot and with a curt nod tacked on , rose .
watching rose and phyllis was like watching an episode of abbott and costello and that movie romy and michelle all in one .
knowing rose may be concerned , i did meet her and phyllis at the italian hole of a restaurant down the street , a hovel from the outside , but it served the best homemade pasta , according to phyllis .
i turned back to rose .
i walked over and held the door for rose .
chapter twelve jonathan the only pleasant result from roses episode was that her daughter came to visit in order to care for her for a few weeks , and being spring break , she was able to bring her son , roses only grandchild .
becca might have been the only person who could hold her own in a debate against rose .
i dropped roses letter in a mailbox at the station then found a pay phone to call father thomas , hoping he had nt decided to call st . vincents in the last day .
she was my family , and she was rightno one won an argument with rose .
he kept an envelope tucked in the drawer , roses letter .
it d been roses , so i would ve loved it no matter .
ely 's little rose was my seth 's age .
like she cared , she was n't ready to get married like rose or jenna .
the house was very grand and smelled like pure roses , pictures hung on the wall and every single one intrigued her .
* * * come on now , tammy , drink up rose sang as she poured tammy another glass of wine .
ah , that is so sweet rose gushed , her face even more dreamy than before .
that does n't mean they 're weird rose snorted .
i think you look wonderful rose smiled , placing an arm round her best friend 's shoulder .
around the bars , intricate vines twisted , adorned with roses in the same black metal , it was a strangely beautiful thing to behold .
ropes of green vines climbed the face of the castle , dripping in large deep pink roses .
every level surface in the room held vases sprouting fat bouquets of pale pink roses and white lilies and half a dozen other flowers i d never even seen and the air carried their sweet scents .
i sniffed each one , deciding on a light floral scent with notes of rose and peach blossom .
one by one they released their arrows , each flying true , like the roses were calling them home .
he said as he offered me a single rose stem lacking a bloom .
he gazed a crystal vase filled with beautiful golden roses until his gaze found mine again .
thankfully , candace walked in the door holding a beautiful bouquet of fuchsia roses .
give me back my roses !
tears blurred her vision as she slid to her knees beside the mangled roses .
hours later , joni rummaged around her mothers cabinets for a vase to hold jamess roses .
and what happened to your roses ?
trent did nt like your roses .
joni lifted the roses and set them on the dresser behind her .
seven days later , joni returned from her afternoon class and found a bouquet of fuchsia roses sitting in the middle of the dining table .
other than the roses , there was no sign that anyone had been here .
sunday morning , before driving across the bay to church , joni trashed the dead roses .
pink roses in hand , he knocked on the door .
he held out the roses .
chapter twenty - two roses were great for apologies .
this was felicity , her more relaxed tone in stark contrast to roses vivacity .
she could smell the flowers on the air , wafts of rose , jasmine and fuchsia blending together in a bouquet of sensory delight .
on the porch , a dozen roses sat in a vase , and the rumbling of an engine drew my attention to a we do flowers van driving away .
no one else would be this extravagant , and yet part of me could nt care less about receiving a dozen roses .
my cell phones alarm buzzed , and i set the roses on the kitchen counter .
the note from the roses dropped onto the counter .
he carried a bouquet of roses in his arms and clicked the key remote to lock his fancy luxury car .
he thought back over his fixated reaction to rose marie and knew he 'd been the cause of jessie 's pain .
he could n't deny he 'd had an initial reaction to rose marie , and jessie had witnessed it .
he was glad she had seen his reaction to rose marie .
clint stared into the baby blue eyes of an uncharacteristically quiet rose marie .
you would n't believe the change to our rose marie for one '' ` ` she 's not our rose marie . ''
you would n't believe the change to our rose marie for one '' ` ` she 's not our rose marie . ''
her own gaze dove back to rose marie , and slid from the top of the beauty 's flaxen head to the tips of her slipper - like shoes .
peach was her favorite colour , and she found poinsettias and roses in that color irresistible .
patty , her breasts spilling out of a too - small dress , handed out bouquets of flowers and single roses .
the air smelled of roses and freshly cut grass , and it invigorated me as i admired the reflection of the moon on the water .
just stopping to smell the roses .
are you going to tell me that everything has to be hearts and roses ?
becca had brought zach by her familys house before taking him out to dinner at a favorite local restaurant then on to the just released movie the rose , showing in a theater in the same shopping center as the restaurant .
contents new beginnings the unexpected chance meeting sad truth secrets smell the roses anniversary release open my eyes about the author michelle stevens new beginnings i was there again , at the car accident .
smell the roses the small group i had attended for the last month was becoming an important part of my life .
i added snapdragons , columbines , butterfly plants , daisies , lilies , violets , carnations and three different types of roses to my cart .
i could just imagine the fun we would have playing with snapdragons , watching butterflies , making daisy chains , and smelling the roses as the summer wore on .
i m not nave enough to expect champagne and roses .
she held out vase of red roses .
thank you , emily said , taking the roses and then setting them down so she could find some money in her purse for a tip .
phillip was a fan of sending flowers , always red roses and always at least two dozen .
there were flowers everywhere and a trellis with roses .
yknow , romance , red roses , champagne , fireworks i should have known she would never judge me .
to read the next part in the blood & roses series , click here !
deviant is the first instalment in her blood and roses series .
marissa blushed ; the rose tinted her pale cheeks so prettily dane felt like punching brent .
that afternoon , kelly received two dozen deep - red roses that were so incredibly beautiful they took her breath away .
the following day , kelly came home to find a large bouquet of blush roses laced with babys breath .
later that day , cream - colored roses arrived with a note that read : dinner tonight ?
there was nothing she loved more than soaking in water so hot it almost burned , and she filled the tub with bath salts that smelled of jasmine and roses .
you re blooming like a rose .
the onset of twilight had turned the overarching sky a deep and lovely rose , and the distant peaks of the cascades floated like clouds in the clear air .
and an elderly man pottering among the roses surrounding the tiny catholic church introduced himself and invited her to mass .
if you go , would you put a rose on her grave for me ?
thomasina loved roses .
i d be happy to put a rose on thomasinas grave for you , but i wo nt take money for it .
she brushed away the seed and leaf debris on her jeans , then took the roses to the car , and settled them in a cool spot for the drive to lawrence .
she did nt try to stem her tears as she laid two of the roses on the ground by the marker .
a framed photograph of people unknown to me hung on the wall behind rose and judson .
i had left the majority of my possessions in a storage unit in des moines , which i would have loaded up and brought to fremont when i was ready to move into roses house .
with a warm cup of coffee in hand , i was sitting on grandma roses front porch when dave cameron pulled into the gravel drive at 8:00 a.m .
i was like a top - notch surgical nurse , assisting dr . dave as he painstakingly renovated and restored roses house to circa 1870 .
i had been so successful at my gathering of vintage furniture that i ended up renting a pods and had it delivered to roses house so i would have a place to keep everything safe and dry .
just wait until you see how great it is going to look in roses house .
after i finished my soup , i rinsed my dishes , wiped off the table , and flipping off light switches as i went , headed upstairs to spend my first night in the master bedroom of grandma roses house .
thinking about all those i had seen about me in the room , i flipped to the tree and started looking at photographs of all the children of rose and judson .
for example , during one time warp , as i came to refer to them , i happened to be at roses house when a family photo was snapped about 1914 .
i wanted to see what happened to others who spent the night in roses house .
i quizzed her relentlessly the next morning about that , and it was the one night in roses house that i did not warpthe one and only night in all the weeks i had lived there .
i think it was actually cousin roses emotions i was feeling as her uncle praised her .
with the exception of an annual checkup and dental exam in des moines , i had nt been much of anywhere or seen anyone since mindys visit , ohexcept for the ups man bringing me items i bid for and won on ebay , as i gathered the makings of my macabre world inside roses house .
the stress of my weird life in roses house did nt seem real at this moment .
i had nt seen an early morning sunrise in fremont since i had moved into roses house .
i immediately thought of roses house as he said that , and i hoped that he would nt be finding out about that anytime soon .
we girls helped to spread out several blankets that had been across the withers of roses horse .
chapter 31 the times in grandma roses house were always special .
the light oak - stained casket covered by a large spray of pink roses made its way to the front of the sanctuary as the words of the song brought tears to many of those in attendance .
maybe he was back and sleeping soundly beside me in roses house .
we left roses house immediately that afternoon and did not return to spend the night again .
the old woman in black at the door held the largest , most exhilarating bouquet of deep red roses that sally had ever seen .
sally brought the smell of roses into the dingy room .
she simply wrote a few more words before plucking petals of red and gold from the roses in the jar on the sill , she let them fall .
gunjan vyas 2014 eternity and in my heart i have loved you for a thousand lifetimes knowing your touch , your soul i remember you from georgian england with powdered wigs and beauty spots you laughed , tilted your head and looked into my eyes as a black cat purred and brushed past my leg do you remember the roses ?
valentines day ( us ) it was only fitting to be standing at the edge of a ravine today near a waterfall today , the sound of water crashing down behind me drowning out my nerves , arms full of cala lilies and roses , looking the complete an utter fool and all for her , only for her .
fitting because shed loved it so when i stood just like this waiting for her , arms full of red and hot pink roses at the airport , feeling a matching hot pink blush on my cheeks as all the women smiled at me and all the men looked ashamed they had nt brought flowers but her smile and her kisses were worth it .
finally , an unmistakable musky aroma ; the dizzying and deeply refreshing aroma of roses .
both his personal email and the victorian roses email got those messages from time to time , despite the filters he d set up .
guests might decide the victorian rose was not the type of establishment they wanted to visit .
either way shed leave in a few weeks and life at the victorian rose would go on as usual .
his habit of keeping his dates away from the victorian rose would nt work this time .
starting in the fall the victorian rose will be officially run by sherbrooke enterprises .
a large vase of red roses sat in the middle with a wine bucket next to it along with a plate of chocolate covered strawberries .
lightning flared against remnants of wallpaper so faded , only the ghosts of roses remained .
even as he spoke , the roses bloomed in his peripheral vision , a rich blush in the dimness .
though anna had vanished , a warm bath fragrant with the scent of roses waited .
he broke off with a gasp and robin leaned in , to see faded letters on the paper , nearly as faded as the roses .
dressed in the most beautiful rose colored gown she had ever seen with her hair pinned up into a fashionable french twist , her eyes widened at the very sight of herself .
though sarah deep down knew that it was most likely at roses request .
it was a quiet and intimate meal amongst the three of them as rose questioned the progress of the new house .
sarah would have been glad to decline except for roses persistence .
turning , she hurried out to share the good news with rose .
again , sarah asked the captain for the use of renny , and she was finally loaned for a short time to assist with rose .
after alices confrontation , sarah felt even more despondent realizing that she just did nt lose rose , but more than likely a place to live for her and her children .
she now regretted allowing cecily to be their godmother , but she knew she did so because of rose .
he was looking at them with an unreadable expression on his face , holding a bouquet of yellow roses in his hands as if it were the most normal thing in the world for him and he belonged right here .
what do you think you re doing here , bringing me a bunch of freaking roses ? !
he took his time to give her the exotic sounding names of the roses , explaining their shades of color and how they were to be taken care of and how they would fare with what kind of weather .
well , i can tell you that i am taking a liking to roses .
they were finished with the roses soon and started on the next job : trimming the evergreen hedge that ran along the front of mr . thackerays property .
instead , she dreamt of michael and herself walking through a garden full of roses , holding hands .
what did have a hold on her , was embedded in her heart like a thorn from the many roses she had planted alongside michael , was the love she still felt for him .
she turned around in a pirouette slowly , searching for michael and spotting him in the opposite corner , explaining something to a guest under a big painting of a delicate orange - yellow rose surrounded by a lighter bud and a half - opened second rose .
she spun around from her place at the huge window overlooking the courtyard with its neat beds of roses , gravel drive and bevy of sleek cars .
roses in december a novel by katie george roses in december katie george published by katie george at smashwords copyright 2014 katie george the portrait of friendship series book one : roses in december book two comes out summer 2014 !
roses in december a novel by katie george roses in december katie george published by katie george at smashwords copyright 2014 katie george the portrait of friendship series book one : roses in december book two comes out summer 2014 !
roses in december a novel by katie george roses in december katie george published by katie george at smashwords copyright 2014 katie george the portrait of friendship series book one : roses in december book two comes out summer 2014 !
i dropped peps leash , and the puppy ran around in circles , but i stood with my eyes focused on the roses .
henry proposed to me in a field of red roses .
i sat up , the roses mingling with my hair .
he dug through the endless roses .
the roses were increasing now , and they were up to my stomach .
snow mixing with roses .
the ruby roses were up to my neck now , ready to suffocate me .
a single rose fell into my palm as i was screaming with pleas , and i felt the ring .
the roses continued to rise , and they covered my head .
china roses , i whispered .
adle lifted a rose to her nose .
he buckled his seatbelt , turned out of the parking lot , drove the speed limit , and said , i was at the park to meet with rose .
after they finished their vows , they walked down a long silver road that was covered in red roses .
finally , we stopped before a patch of roses , and he pulled a newspaper from his hand .
he was in the middle of talking when i kissed him , but he relaxed , and my leg bended like in the romance movies , and we ended up falling in a garden of roses , but who cares ?
at least there are roses in december .
he handed me a crumpled flower , a rose , and placed it in my hand .
he ran away , and i stood up with a rose in my hand until i noticed shelby , elliotts mother , run to me in a short dress and high heels .
chivalry is nt dead , not as long as roses still bloom in december .
roses in december is her fifth novel , dealing with a short , sweet romance much different than the darker tones of whatley .
she plans to write two sequels to roses that deal with candice michelins best friends , stacey and reesey .
thank you for reading roses in december !
adela secretly met with rose for a year and learned about all the maladies rose was able to cure .
a young boys cough was alleviated by drinking some of roses herbal tea .
for as far as he could see , there were high buildings made of crystal , and their cloud pathway was sandwiched between roses of red , yellow , and pink .
liam would be on top of the truck down on a knee with a bouquet of roses .
he garnished the main course with fresh parsley and carrots peeled carefully and precisely to form a rose .
he remembered planting it there as a mothers days surprise for her five years earlier and how she enjoyed clipping the blooms and filling the house with vases of crimson roses .
this is for you , of course , paul handed katryn the rose .
thank you for the rose .
her face reddened to a deep rose hue when she answered him .
it was a picture - perfect cottage with a pretty english garden full of roses , lavender , and honeysuckle .
ah , the rose looks perfect now , he thought with a smile .
it was beautifully decorated with red and white roses .
still , it was the winter season , and the rose was resting until the spring growing season .
rising with a clear mind to continue his run , ryan noticed for the first time that the pond did nt seem to have its usual musky smell or the dry leaf scent of early winter ; there was a faint hint of roses in the air , although he knew full well there were nt any growing in the dense brushy undergrowth , and certainly not at this time of year .
and there s something else ; do you notice the scent of roses in the air ?
and the day we got married , i went for a run but turned off and went to the pond instead ; when i was unsure , not of you , but of myself , and whether i could be what you wanted , i smelled the scent of roses , and the thought came to me that i was being given a second chance , you were my second chance .
it was a fairly uneventful birth , but just as the second child was born , both ryan and laura caught the scent of roses in the air .
six great kids , six great roses .
my guess is , tomorrow the rose will be done ; mary has what she wanted .
i can smell the roses .
it was a simple white rose which went beautifully with her champagne pink gown .
my head was spinning from all the red roses and heart - shaped boxes of chocolates he sent me .
a few minutes later , he texted back , if i had a rose for every time i thought of you , i d be walking through my beautiful garden forever .
i d be lying if i told you everything will be roses and candy .
nice flowers , he commented , looking at a bouquet of red roses on the table .
what was he going to do with roses ?
the bedroom was freshly painted a dusty rose , the leaky faucets were gone , there was new drywall , carpet sections and no more ants .
i d take the dozen roses any day , i said referring to the book of tea .
i d still take the dozen roses .
it might have been the beauty of her friend elsies cigarette case , an artful needlepoint bouquet of slender pink and red roses set against black that drew her to pick it up , take a quick peek inside .
` ` what is a rose ?
but since were in a novel together shall we both carry red roses ? ''
so that caused a major ruckus , and she had to start preparing a gourmet feast for the smelly little rat , because otherwise judy was going to insist on walking all the way down to the cinquantenaire in her nightie to pick dandelions - and she was aware that she should have been able to quash all this with a well - timed comment , but as it was she ended up cutting cucumber roses for hammy instead of making supper for her and lyndon and then , when he got in , she had to dash out and take barbara to le stretching before making a start on the industrial glue assessments .
agent b unbuttoned her blouse , un - zipped her skirt and dismantled the foundations of civilisation piece by piece , and with every rose and cream silk garment he removed , blanches restraint crumbled .
on a bed of rose pink velvet lay a delicately worked gold and diamond ring .
the bunch in her hand consisted on white and pink roses .
standing up , she plunged her feet into her slippers and shuffled past the distressed moss green and white wooden dresser and almost tripped over the rose patterned tasseled carpet which covered the original pine floors of what was once her grandparent 's bedroom .
he held a single red rose wrapped in cellophane in one hand and in the other was a large gold trophy cup .
holding a large bouquet of ruby red , blush pink and yellow gladiolas and roses showed some innovation so she let him inside as she thanked him for the flowers and put them in one of her father 's newest line of creations : the whimsical elongated cat shaped vase with the tail now sprouting the bountiful array of springtime flowers .
grandmother emilia would rather have roses or gladioli .
in the late afternoon , trizia received a huge bundle of red and white roses .
she smelled the roses .
thirty - six fresh roses .
for a long time did not receive roses .
love , your secret admirer come with me and ill show you night skies of stars that grow the reddest roses their long stems of light dipping their fragrant petals that bloom and grow into earths gravity they gently flow while spilling earthbound bulbs of fire into the night september 25 you : you asked me if i could travel anywhere in the world , where would i want to go .
october 7 roses are red , violets are blue , sometimes my poetry stinks like the inside of a large , sweaty , princess pink glitter , male pro - wrestlers shoe .
or maybe you could just tell me if you like red roses or if those are too boring for you .
long - stemmed red roses are one of the most expensive ways of saying i love you that exists in the floral industry .
since you said you re a fan of long - stemmed red roses , do you think its a bit too much if a guy gives a girl he likes a long - stemmed red rose before he asks her out ?
it reads : ] may 30 simply because come with me and ill show you night skies of stars that grow the reddest roses their long stems of light dipping their fragrant petals that bloom and grow into earths gravity they gently flow while spilling earthbound bulbs of fire into the night i m being careful to avoid the thorny paths of lust fearing to awaken within you the lion that slumbers in your soul roaring out power greater than a stormy ocean out of control only for it to switch places with the lamb awakening within my own bleating out light filled with songs of peace we d once known being reborn between the mountain of your virtue and the lake of your love ill watch for the snowfall of our start to melt into the replenishment for the reservoirs of my heart will nourish the growing timbers of tenderness that steep themselves in the heaven sent rains of peace and light throughout the forest of our love as birds sing a celebratory chorus by flight sometimes the world within my heart is as a volcano that shoots out the whitest light spilling lava that freezes into a sea of glass that receives the suns rays translating the bright white into sparkling colors of the rainbow for more heavenly days and yet sometimes my soul peers out of the window to watch as the stars shimmer across the ocean in the night the two worlds blend sinking the light of the stars to swim through the ocean deep awakening a part of my soul once buried by sleep passing swimming stars reveal the liquid purple fire that hides in the black coral reef not far from the glowing fluorescent mists that court a new belief that the shadows in the seas of a night ruled by lust drown out every lightning rod of righteous desire so i must use all of my brawn along with prayerful help from heavens love to draw the stars back to their proper places in the night sky above long before the last night wind ushers in the dawn .
from the deep red american beauty to the bright yellow graceland , her roses were a source of both tranquility and pride .
i love roses , and romance novels , and pizza with everything , except anchovies .
you left out the color of the roses .
what s this i hear aboutoh , nice , he said , viewing the roses and maddies beaming face .
maddie wore no veil , a simple rose and ribbon headdress giving her dress a storybook quality .
upon the ground , lie hundreds of candles , all sizes lighting up the terrace and guiding me toward taylor , who kneels in the middle of flowers , all red roses set out in the shape of a horse shoe around him .
standing in front of the long mirror as skyla continues fussing over her , bree just positively glows in a simple white halter gown that hugs around the hips and her glossy red hair pinned on one side , a simple bouquet of purple roses in hand .
pippa is dressed in a soft lavender dress like skyla and me , just a smaller version , with a little posy of white roses to match ours and she looked like an angel .
my cubicle is filled to the brim with roses , chocolates , and even a five - foot stuffed teddy - bear .
demetri reached behind him and pulled out a bouquet of white roses .
` ` with pink roses and a five foot cake ? ''
we follow the girls to a room decorated with bundled roses and a rectangular table full of beautifully wrapped presents .
hope budded like a rose inside savanna .
carrie was wearing a black , long - sleeved shirt with the pattern of purple roses and thorns on it .
chelsea said as she took the rose .
chelsea brought the rose to her nose to smell it .
carrie was wearing a medieval black and purple velvet gown that had the pattern of thorns and roses on it .
there were shots of the boys at practice at the studio jamming together , shots of the boys eating out at expensive restaurants , shots of the boys at the viper room , of joey break dancing , of vincent wooing a girl with a bouquet of roses , of vincent surrounded by a group of fan girls dressed in gothic outfits , of devon playing his electric guitar and smoking , of devon drinking , of blake looking reluctant to have his picture taken with the others , of blake singing , and pictures that showed blake off to the side , aloneacting like a loner have you ever been to devons apartment before ?
they were the most unusual looking roses she had ever seen - a magenta color with black edges .
carrie continued to gawk at the sight of vincent sangre standing in her doorway , looking all hot and delectable , and with a bouquet of roses in his hands .
carrie absentmindedly took the extravagant bouquet of purple and black roses .
howpurple roses ?
of course , carrie muttered looking at the roses .
rosemary was now wearing a floor - length , medieval gown with a black , laced - up corset , belled sleeves , and the pattern of red roses on it .
a faint smell of roses was in the air as he looked at her expectantly .
when she opened it , scott warily stood there with a bouquet of red roses he d also changed his shirt to that nice blue one that she liked on him , and had combed all the grape stems and leaves out of his usually messy hair .
when she mentioned scott , melissa frowned at him , still standing in the hallway with the roses in his hand she wrapped up the call and promised deb shed phone the florist tomorrow to make a few changes in the order .
smiling , she took them , sinking her nose into one beautiful rose and inhaling .
she looked from the roses to scotts earnest face .
roses and grapes are susceptible to the same kinds of fungus diseases .
roses give an early warning if there s powdery mildew on the leaves fungus will wreck the fruit .
soon deep purple dahlias perked up the tasting room counter , while mauve clematis , peach garden roses and cheerful , pink peonies sat on windowsills and tables .
excerpt from persuaded by jeanne harrell , copyright 2014 buy persuaded www.smashwords.com/books/view/439925 check out jeannes website for news of future releases www.jeanneharrell.com # # # breezes in april book two a novel by katie george breezes in april katie george published by katie george at smashwords copyright 2014 katie george the portrait of friendship series book one : roses in december book two : breezes in april book three comes out soon !
i could smell the rose lavender , and the yellow jessamine was in full bloom .
i was too anxious to stay cooped up inside editing manuscripts , and i preferably did nt want to find my assistant and brother making out under mommas romantic rose trellis , so i trekked to my old playhouse near the creek .
the overwhelming smells of lilacs and roses , jessamine , tulips , springtime , filled my nostrils .
a candlelit dinner , one with roses littering the grass awaited me .
i was right across the table from julian , with a flickering candle , a babbling brook , and roses .
there were roses everywhere , symbolizing the love of candice and henry , and a silk altar lining huge oak trees .
katie george ( aka kate strailman ) is a freelance writer who has an abundance of self - published novels and short stories : whatley , some fiction , frail endings , path of breath , roses in december , the cube , and dim eyes .
yet when desi started using her magic , the teasing smell of roses and some indefinable sweet scent wafted past his nose .
desi smelled like roses but she was full of shit .
something clicked , and the scent of roses filled the room .
when she just kept staring at him , he smiled and brought out a bouquet of dark red roses .
your new friend , cade she could n't scrape the smile from her face as she breathed in the delicate scent of the rose .
she twirled the stem of the rose between her fingers .
gavin stood in the hallway , a fragrant bouquet of pure white roses in his hand and a beaming grin on his face .
when you found out , you jumped the fence into our neighbors yard and stole an armful of their prize roses for me .
morgan shut the door to the small rose and green bedroom and listened for the click of the latch .
the old ladys skin was parchment fine and her scent was of roses and something else that was old - fashioned but charming .
christiana hopped from the bed and picked up a white lawn gown washed through with the palest pink and trimmed with roses about the hem and sleeves .
the roses that climbed the wrought - iron gate were still in bloom and she caught the fragrance on the breeze .
first his lips touched hers gently , as gently as a butterfly lands on a rose .
as the elevator doors open , i am surprised to see a vase of white roses outside my door .
there are other authors who write under the name elizabeth rose , but you can always tell one of my novels by the rose on the cover .
to the most beautiful woman in the world , he said , handing her the red roses .
its hard to miss a guy with an armful of roses .
her cheeks flushed the same shade as the bouquet of scarlet roses in her arms .
and clarice herself had succumbed to elises bribery of free roses , which she really loved .
but my oh my , did she almost forget she was holding on to the bunch of roses because , heaven help her , this man was g - o - r - g - e - o - u - s. that slightly wet , dusted - corn hair had a sparkling golden sheen beneath the afternoon sunlight .
obviously you came here to give me these roses , his voice drawled out huskily .
with that thought in mind , she clenched her fists tight in self - determination , lifted her head to meet their eyes , and said , i m here to give me roses for valentines day .
she knew why he d said all that stuff before about the roses and valentines day .
it happened about a week ago , when a girl gave him a bouquet of roses the day before valentines day and then ran off after yanking his towel , exposing his naked state .
the small woman who had him hooked from the first moment he saw her , that pixie who d brought him the roses just a week back .
oh , here , your rose , the man said , handing the bloom to her .
but it was only a few seconds later when she heard footsteps beside her , and turning around , she saw hunter smiling his seductive charm towards her again , the same he used with her at his house when she delivered those roses .
she did nt breathe a sigh of relief until she was in the elevator , coming face to face with a painting of red roses .
our neighbors were mostly empty nesters over fifty with houses that looked the same as ours and gardens filled with roses , azaleas and camellias .
roses and other summer flowers bloomed in the garden beds , their bright colors offering inspiration to the artists .
it may have been my imagination , sparked by rose and myras goading , but i swear i could feel his eyes on me the entire time i was serving my table .
i pretended to talk and laugh with rose and myra but my heart was nt in it .
i could nt make myself pick up the phone and talk to him , and it got even worse or at least more embarrassing when i got a call from first rose and then myra .
she grabbed me in a hug , nearly crushing the single rose i brought .
she beamed like i showered her with the highest compliment as she took the rose .
i got her a rose because i was her date .
the red roses covering the surface of the shining oak would surround her this evening .
the single rose he had delivered was economical , functional , and practical .
something a little bigger than the rose .
i should have known a single rose was too simple of a gift from my boyfriend .
so , shaun , how about next tuesday we do dinner with rose and scott ?
* * * as rose and i climbed the bleachers , i could see the anger in mikes face and the combination of pain and happiness in shauns .
it was lunchtime with rose .
i was on the phone with rose .
* * * i stopped by roses classroom wednesday after school .
as she swung around again to catch the little girl , her hair brushed by him and he could smell roses .
she said and quickly brushed by him leaving a tantalizing whiff of roses .
the rehearsal began after rose , the music director , arrived .
he smiled and puckering his lips began to whistle , the rose of tralee .
i wondered if the two of them had gone next door to miss roses house and decided to walk over after i finished unloading the groceries .
red roses were a clich , she said .
i found a necklace , a pressed rose , a seashell , an old set of jacks , a doll and a wicked looking knife .
within nine months they said their vows amid aunt maggies mammoth flower arrangements , which had required the sequestration of all the yellow roses and daisies in the entire county of hertfordshire .
connect with natalie at : website : http : //www.nataliegowens.com facebook profile page : http : //www.facebook.com / profile.php ? id=563297082 facebook author page : http : //www.facebook.com / pages / natalie - g - owens - author/24911987111 twitter : https : //twitter.com / natalie_g_owens goodreads : http : //www.goodreads.com / user / show/4527498 - natalie - g - owens other books by natalie g. owens moonlight dating series everything to lose something to live for the valthreans series an eternity of roses eternelles series inescapable seraphine - a prequel adrastria - a prequel indomitable a kind of judgment an inconvenient debt ( a faustian fantasy tale ) tales from the mist sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter .
you might possibly be right , she said , twisting her lips in a way that he already knew indicated she did nt like that he was , but do nt get too used to it , she warned , ill get those white curtains with the red candy stripes and the red and white duvet with the garlands of roses ... and , red cushions .
he lowered his head closer to hers and breathed in deeply ; she smelt good , slightly sweaty from the run with underlying fragrances of roses and lavender from her shampoo and soap .
she had already formulated a loose plan for the extra space in her mind the additional high south facing wall would provide both passive solar heating for the greenhouses that she wanted for tender seedlings , extended - season fruits and vegetables and vertical space to train roses and espaliered fruit trees .
from the guests who were already set up , darcy could see similar attention to details , including vases with white roses ; she also noticed that the men were standing to one side of the line of tables while the women were waiting patiently opposite , so did likewise .
much as she admired dianes chic suit , her white sleeveless tank - dress with its print of large red roses and fresh green leaves was more her style .
as they passed the flower - seller , he stopped briefly to choose bunches of varicoloured garden - grown roses , the first for his mother , he explained as he offered the second to darcy .
sometime later , they left darcy with a pretty bouquet of fresh roses gifted from the flower seller in her basket and a take - home bottle of cider tucked under gabriels arm from the cider vendor .
laying a leaf - covered hand on a branch of one of the most venerable of the orchards roses , he concentrated all his energy on encouraging the growth of the vine , willing the poison ivy that made up much of his torso and limbs to creep along and around the roses stalk .
laying a leaf - covered hand on a branch of one of the most venerable of the orchards roses , he concentrated all his energy on encouraging the growth of the vine , willing the poison ivy that made up much of his torso and limbs to creep along and around the roses stalk .
i like these flowers , he indicated the spray of white roses and pale blue hydrangea in the centre of the table , i d swipe them to take for liana tomorrow but you said last night she does nt like flowers .
or roses .
i slid bryns chair out for her , but she was studying the pink roses on a bush by the wall closest to us .
well , they match your shirt so we could probably make a getaway with them after were done , i replied , grabbing my pocket knife out of my back pocket and cutting one of the roses off the bush .
i pulled some of bryns hair back and stuck the rose just above her ear .
a holiday anthology volume 2 a collection of winter holiday tales exquisite quills complied by rose anderson for exquisite quills authors and friends a holiday anthology volume 2 a collection of winter holiday tales by exquisite quills authors and friends published by exquisite quills 2014 license notes rights to the individual work contained in this anthology are owned by the submitting authors and each has permitted their story 's use in this publication .
exquisite quills http : //exquisitequills.blogspot.com table of contents the gift of time by rose anderson frankies wish by jennifer garcia a kiss at midnight by lily bishop a night to remember by dee ann palmer marja 's victory by barb caffrey christmas traditions by beverley bateman gingerbread dreams by victoria adams che gelida manina by m. s. spencer romance valley by kaye spencer the christmas eve gift by janis susan may tropical christmas by gemma juliana a kiss and a promise by lyndi lamont a cowboys holiday by e. ayers thank you from the exquisite quills the gift of time by rose anderson the snow was falling hard .
where to find rose blog http : //calliopeswritingtablet.com find roses scorching romances in ebook and paperback in most bookstores .
she picked up the tray of deep red , fondant roses and settled it next to the three - tiered white cake .
lifting one off , she attached the rose to the middle cake then continued the swath of flowers flowing along the edge .
having secured the last rose , she stretched .
he used the small bathroom and realized it smelled of her feminine presence , a little like roses and herbs .
she smiled up at him , wide - eyed , then took the rose .
i saw arrangements of roses , daisies , lilies , and that about did it for my knowledge of flowers .
there was a delivery man , holding a beautiful bouquet of yellow roses .
the roses he gave me were beginning to wilt .
once he was finished with attaching the panels , he decorated the cake with dark chocolate and white chocolate roses , which he arranged close to the center of each layer .
michael helped tristan to decorate the cake with the chocolate roses and they were done in no time .
there was a cherry , queen - sized , pineapple poster bed with a fluffy , off - white comforter that had the pattern of red roses and twisting green vines on it .
the incubus left laura sometime after dawn , but before leaving he left a red rose and a piece of chocolate on her pillow .
her lingerie was solid black and had the pattern of red roses on them .
the bed was covered in a beautiful rose chintz bedspread .
on the bankside of the house are cascading bushes of wild dog roses , a pastel pink single flowered and highly fragrant rose that grows wild throughout the country side .
its not all roses for everyone , by any means .
whereas me , poor eejit , have to tackle the irish beaurocratic system and wring a few punts out of them , which is harder to do than growing roses in siberia !
stepping through the brass - handled doors that fronted this impressive structure , i gaped outright at the vision of splendor that lurked within ; a spectacle accented in grand style by lace - covered tables , crystal chandeliers , assorted floral arrangements brimming over with scarlet roses , ivory orchids and pearl pink carnations , as well as lush examples of impressionist art lining the walls of gold brocade .
~ chapter five ~ lily driving up the tree lined boulevard that fronted the remington country club , i basked in the vision of the ebullient florals that lined my route ; the ruby red roses , golden hibiscus and lavender lilies that filled the meadow beside me .
sometimes , though , i just liked to sit out in my mothers garden and paint the roses and lilies .
now it was i who stood by the mirrored likeness of a lush crystalline lake ; admiring the dew - glistened scarlet red roses and pearl pink carnations that adorned its surrounding bushes yet not as much as i adored the man that now extended his hand to me ; drawing me into his mystical world with this single grand gesture .
he brought towering skyscrapers ( many of which , come to think of it , he probably owned ) and delicate , dew - glistened roses and magnolia trees to life with equal beauty and exquisite detail ; imbuing his work with an exquisite blend of whimsical imagination and multi - dimensional realism .
with a broad smile oliver held open the door of the victorian dream ; allowing me access to a classically designed eatery adorned with sparkling chandeliers , lavish floral arrangements that brimmed with ruby red roses , and walls that were lined with gold brocade wallpaper and samples of hand painted victorian artwork .
before me was a glorious mural depicting a garden of roses in radiant bloom .
my troubled meditation was cut short by a sharp nudge on my shoulder ; one delivered by a petite blonde shop girl that went on to hand me a radiant gem : a luminous scarlet - hued rose that seemed to be culled from the finest , most sparkling crystal .
i asked , handling the crystalline token with cautious , delicate fingers ; admiring the way that the roses luminous petals caught the beam of the overhead light .
beautiful , i breathed , basking for just a moment in the vision of the rose .
finally , though , i stood from my desk with the rose in my hand , holding it with definite intent over my waste can ; one conveniently located just next to my work station .
holding the rose close to his chest with almost comical protectiveness , les regarded me with a cold stare as he stepped away from my desk .
i felt my heart rate increase as i imagined her crossing the gate for something as foolish as roses .
i towel dried quickly and was going to get dressed and suggest a walk when i spotted the roses .
they went as far as the eye could see snaking off into the mist and people wandering in the narrow lane between them , stopping to touch and savour , to lift a plant up and admire it , to smell the heady scent of the roses .
pink roses look at the colour !
he wanted to sit and gaze at her while she told him about scented roses , camellias and giant peony flowers , cupping her hands to show him how big they were and raising them to her face like they were real and she could breathe in the sweetness of them .
still i was sure my face turned a shade of rose .
he had a rose colored futon in his living room with an oak coffee table .
chapter 8 ms . lindsey , these are for you , the receptionist said as she sat the roses on sherelles desk .
sherelle weaved through the long - stemmed roses and pulled out a typewritten note .
laurence , sherelle responded , her eyes fixed on the roses ; her emotions suspended light years away .
napkins with marbled shades of dark rose and ruby red lay atop plates .
she did nt know where the thought came from , but she remembered the roses .
you know , i never thanked you for the roses .
thanks for the roses .
some men crumble instantly like the petals of a rose kept pressed too long between the pages of a book .
of course all is not wine and roses .
ivory roses with just a little greenery in the bouquets .
as ilona handed jackie the bouquet of ivory roses , she realised shed been gripping them tightly and considered whether she really was as calm as she thought .
entering the beautifully decorated function hall , with its ivory linen table cloths draped neatly over round tables , ivory roses in little vases and duck egg blue napkins shaped like fans decorating the table tops , ilona noticed the wedding cake near the corner of the room .
they were filled with blood red roses and lavender lilies .
when the soft sand turned to wet hard pack from the tide , kira noticed a ring of salt spray roses , poppies , daisies , and seashells a few paces away .
in his haste jesse forgot the profound significance of roses , and he bought her twelve long stems , the flowers all a deep velvet red .
they turned down a laneway and then through a gate , and ruby led them both through her trellis of wild roses to the door that led into her house .
here and there , some late roses peeped through .
when she was separating the long roses from the green ferns to arrange them better , she found the card that had come with the flowers .
he paused to smell one of the roses .
' nothing to warn me off - one bunch of roses which went to miss duffy , one dinner ... hardly an affair . '
inside were six yellow roses .
he was wearing the specified top hat , bearing a dozen roses and wore a white carnation stuck in his lapel .
could he scent her arousal over the roses ?
a man stepped into her dressing room , wearing a top hat and bearing roses .
` ` you were told to look for a man wearing a top hat with a white carnation in his lapel , and bearing a dozen roses , non ? ''
she stomped on his foot and wrenched herself away from him , knocking the vase with winterhaven 's roses to the floor with a crash .
it shattered into hundreds of shards and the perfume of dying roses filled the room afresh .
he deserved to keep this record of all the squalid little details of her life before he burst into her dressing room wearing his blasted top hat , white carnation and damned red roses .
roses , peach ones , with a hint of blush along the edges of their petals , dispensed a spicy , peppery scent that overcame the hospital scents of antiseptics and cleaning fluids .
steve stood on the other side , holding a dozen long - stemmed roses .
meg repeated , staring down at the roses in her arms .
and yet , the widow abernathy chilled him , despite the warmth of the air on the terrace where she had chosen to receive him at rose hall .
a sudden stop allowed her to come up behind leonie , who had paused by a flower stall , fingering a bunch of white roses .
he smiled and they walked down some wide steps to the borders of roses .
they were the fragrant heirloom roses , with soft white , delicate yellow and big fluffy pale pink heads , so different from the gaudy unscented blooms she sometimes dealt with for parties .
for a party i 'd have pink pearls and pink roses and pink champagne .
this was obviously some kind of vacation fling for simon and he 'd fly back to england and be dating english roses again before the end of the month .
his driver handed him the big bunch of pink roses he 'd ordered .
when he flung his arms around her , still clutching the roses in one fist , he noticed she seemed a little stiff .
` ` i brought you some roses .
i thought they might remind you of our english rose gardens . ''
ariella saw scarlet rearranging a meissen jug full of roses , and hurried over to her .
one delicate teacup embroidered with roses clicked on the small plate .
she widened her eyes at the sight of dozens of roses .
she adored roses .
their relationship was over , and roses and candy and music did not make up for the past .
` ` how 'd you get those roses in my apartment without a key ? ''
i had a dream last night that ryan seacrest knocked on my door with a bunch of roses .
i had dinner , and champagne , and roses all set up .
colin and hassan followed her to a six - foot - tall obelisk - a kind of miniature washington monument - before which lay a plethora of not - new pink silk roses .
the bouquet of white baby roses was clutched in her hands .
the scent of blooming roses wafted up to him , and her pink toes were perched against the far end .
memories rush through her mind in no particular order , some tinged with the sweet scent of roses after a spring rain , some smelling of the sand at the lake where she tasted the first kiss that mattered .
glen asked as she arranged the roses in a crystal vase .
the following morning when she arrived at the office , a dozen red roses awaited her .
` ` i ' ve always loved you , my rose . ''
silver - tipped roses with pink baby 's breath . ''
she smelled good , like roses and baby 's breath .
i made a mental note to hate that scent for the rest of my life , as well as to check jonathan 's laundry for any hint of roses .
it was n't roses or lavender either as was commonly used by ladies , but something entirely different - something pure , like the sunset in the evening or the dew upon the grass in the morning .
it was guns n ' roses , ` ` welcome to the jungle . ''
and it was a crazy thing to do , she kept thinking when kia and danielle arrived carrying a gorgeous white sheath of a dress with a miniveil , and a posy of glorious miniature yellow roses .
and show up with a dozen roses and see what happens next .
he was holding a giant vase filled with eighteen red and pink roses sprinkled with baby 's breath and was carrying a double latte with vanilla as well .
you ca n't be a dick and expect a few roses to fix it all . ''
` ` i ' m delivering roses from an admirer , '' he said , piling on more charm , hoping this was going to take .
what mattered was that the dozen and a half roses that he bought were by far the only color in the room other than laura 's perfect lime - green sweater covered by a nice double - breasted suit .
` ` next time i 'll bring a rose , '' mike muttered .
` ` rose would be fine .
instead of carrying her nancy doll - something he rarely saw her without - she held a basket full of ivory and blush - pink roses .
her lips were softer than the roses in isabella 's basket and tasted of sunshine and warmth .
with a laugh , victoria reached for the bag and let suzy lead her through a courtyard overflowing with ivy and rambling roses , rolling her bag behind her .
inside the church a group of elderly ladies busily arranging white lilies and pristine long - stemmed roses in tall flower stands greeted suzy with cries of delight .
instantly she was enfolded in a fierce hug , and the fragrance from the posy of white roses and gardenias suzy clutched wafted around them .
right there in the arbor tucked into the east side , under the canopy of girly , pale - pink roses .
you 're always so busy adding a few more million to your bank account you do n't stop to smell the roses , '' his father admonished him .
there were thousands of twinkling lights strung throughout and the scent of roses wafted in the air from the hundreds of arrangements placed everywhere .
she wanted the cases full of everything imaginable , from single rose vases , to huge baskets .
on the living room table sat a huge bouquet of roses with a card attached .
tell her you love her , buy her a million roses , and beg her on bended knee for forgiveness .
` ` a normal relationship usually means roses , candlelight dinners , puppies and kittens .
` ` you 're as lovely as a rose , baby . ''
` ` casual sex does n't have to include wine and roses , but for god 's sake , whatever else it is , sex should be personal .
i paused by the breakfast bar , my brows lifting at the massive arrangement of red roses on the counter .
i stopped by the breakfast bar , my fingertips gliding over the roses gideon had sent me the previous weekend .
at ten o'clock sharp , i had two dozen long - stemmed red roses delivered to gideon 's office with the note : in celebration of red dresses and limo rides .
she despises roses .
even i knew she did n't like roses .
i 'd overheard her talking to angela one day about how one of her dates sent her roses to the office .
but when i saw those flowers ... come on , they were fucking roses for god 's sake ! ''
what the hell does the fact that they were roses have to do with anything ? ''
i ' m just a few minutes from rose and emmett 's , and i shake my head over the direction my subconscious has led me .
i do n't think rose will ever have reason to doubt his undying love and devotion for her , and i ' m sure they 'll stick together till the bitter end , come what may .
i somehow manage to keep my voice down and not curse jazz six ways to sunday , but i can tell that some of my more acerbic expressions cause a few highly amused snorts from rose .
by the time we join the others to crowd rose 's room bella is acting nearly her usual self .
em , who has followed me over , is near ecstatic when i tell him the good news , and he bustles off to let rose know .
not many people around that i can visit during the week at this hour of the day , so it 's no surprise that i turn up at rose and emmett 's .
the last part must have come out more dejected sounding than i want to as rose reaches over and squeezes my shoulder , offering a warm if sad smile .
even now acknowledging the sheer fact of that kind of rejection and betrayal is hard , but i force myself to keep eye contact with rose , using the utter lack of judgement on her face to make myself go on .
but i could n't really tell because she ran off within the minute i showed up at rose 's . ''
there 's the usual greeting , hugging and back slapping , before rose and bella both snark at us guys to get the heavy stuff from the cars instead of gossiping .
when i pass by her rose gives me a pointed look as if to silently ask what is going on , but i ignore her , deciding to play dumb instead .
the other long side of the table is divided between rose and emmett on the one end closest to jazz , and alice and nate on the other , with my father having the honors of occupying the head of the table .
the fondue evening at rose and emmett 's hardly counts as a social minefield , although some altercations ensue over dropped and supposedly stolen meat and vegetables .
i have one missed text , from bella , telling me in very few words - three to be precise - that she is at rose 's .
the baby 's starting to get really active , and i do n't think rose will get any respite just because she 's sleeping for longer intervals now . ''
when she was out with rose and her baby last week and someone looked at them in what she thought was a condescending way , she got right in their face .
you 're responsible for the death of a million roses now , but oh my god .
opening my suitcase i grabbed a pair of shorts and my vintage guns and roses 1987 banned rape t - shirt .
it was a 2006 guns and roses chinese democracy t - shirt , signed by all the members of the band .
roses that needed to be trimmed , moss that needed to be scraped off the roofs , mildew that needed to be bleached off the porch railings .
the camp lay bathed in a rose - gold light in which every leaf edge seemed sharper , every green distinct .
on either side were bright red roses in full bloom .
there were glittery roses all around the pink letters .
the sweet smell of honeysuckle and roses filled the night air .
the scent of roses filled the night air , turned it sweet .
she saw that each table had a floral centerpiece , a simple glass bowl filled with fresh white roses .
it smelled like roses and made a woman believe that anything was possible .
there were roses and sculpted hedges on both sides of him , their scents a cloying sweetness .
late - afternoon sunlight drizzled down the yellow clapboard sides , caught the blooming pink roses and turned them orange .
the salty tang of sea air mixed with the sweetness of blooming roses .
breathe in , clutch the bouquet of roses in trembling fingers ; breathe out , one slow step forward .
i was shaking so bad the roses trembled in my hands .
he would stop for some roses on the way .
the roses were clutched to his chest .
he had champagne chilling , a vase with two dozen roses , chocolates and a wrapped package all sitting there .
she 'd received a dozen red roses , with a note in them that said they were from a secret admirer .
she thought he may be right and did n't want to embarrass the kid , so she displayed the roses on the kitchen table and thought nothing else of them .
another vendor stopped by with a basket of roses and mark bought every last one for her .
she realized she wanted him to show up with roses and confess his undying love for her , tell her she was the only woman he could ever love .
he figured he had plenty of time in his later years to sit back and smell the roses .
she stopped dead in her tracks when she saw twelve vases lined up with a dozen roses in each one , all different colors , all beautiful .
she got a really bad feeling , especially since she 'd been finding single roses on her pillow for the past week .
kinsey was torn between wanting to throttle austin and wanting to give him a reason to give her three times as many roses .
` ` i bought a rose for every moment of pleasure you gave me last night . ''
kinsey asked in astonishment , no longer trying to deny the roses were for her .
by the time they got the patient stable , the roses were forgotten about as the hospital kept them busy .
with a sigh , she turned off her mind , putting her problems on the back - burner as she made her way home , the smell of his roses invading her car , causing her heart to thump .
not after the two exquisite times in various parts of the hospital , the massive amount of roses he 'd given her , and his messages .
the scent of roses drifted to her from the large bouquet on the coffee table - with a box of chocolates next to it .
a note telling her how beautiful she was , a single rose laid upon her pillow at night , a chocolate sitting next to her coffee cup .
this kind of news required a candlelit dinner with at least a few dozen roses , and a lot of chocolate .
a few roses lay across her plate .
greyson stood outside her doorstep with a bouquet of blood - red roses in his arms .
` ` i ' ve been thinking about you in that dress all afternoon , '' he told her after she 'd put the roses in water and locked the door behind her .
` ` we can paint the roses red ? ''
she wore a backless red dress and had a rose tattooed from between her shoulder blades all the way down to the small of her back .
back home , granny dee was clipping the roses in the front of the house in the dusky light of sunset .
her grandmother was standing on the porch , a basket of cut roses in her hands .
he supposed it was n't really sweet ; it carried the odor of fresh rushes and various other things , but to him it was as wondrous as the aroma from a rose .
climbing vines and roses created a magical effect over trellises , gates , and the garden wall itself .
deadheading her roses , and some of the coreopsis that had bloomed off .
chapter eleven cal sent a dozen pink roses to his mother .
he picked one out of the slot , gave it a minute 's thought before writing : hearts are red , these roses are yellow .
it 's no problem if you want to change either of the roses for them .
not only had no other customers come in while he 'd been buying his roses and impulsive tulips , but there was no one on the sidewalks , no cars creeping cautiously toward the curb in front of the flower pot .
it was n't the flowers themselves that bothered him : gladiolas , red roses , and two mixed bouquets with big pink ribbons .
` ` no , but tammie lee phoned to thank us for the roses , '' she answered with bad grace .
actually tammie lee had gushed with appreciation and chattered on as if she 'd never seen a dozen roses before .
she 'd arranged the flowers herself , using a porcelain vase that had come with the roses doug had sent on their last anniversary .
the roses were trimmed and budding , and the sweet aroma of the lilac bush scented the air .
chapter 29 jacqueline donovan m onday morning following her hair appointment , jacqueline returned to the house to find that a local florist had delivered a dozen red roses .
the roses were perfect , still dewy and just ready to open .
their scent was so lovely , jacqueline thought they must be antique roses .
she could n't imagine who 'd be sending her roses or why .
` ` the roses are beautiful .
` ` you need to thank tammie lee for the roses .
apparently , finding his roses stuffed in the garbage the next morning had been message enough .
when i arrived early sunday afternoon , i found my mother in the backyard pruning her roses , fussing over them .
she prunes the roses , she tells me , so they 'll grow stronger .
i 'd like to put a vase of my roses on your dad 's grave . ''
my roses are beautiful this summer . ''
together they went into the backyard , where aurora 's roses bloomed against the high wooden fence .
now , on this july afternoon , the fragrance of roses perfumed the air .
inside her room , courtney tore open the envelope and discovered a humorous card with a cat sleeping in the sun on a bed of roses .
opening it , she read : wake up and smell the roses .
the garden was in full bloom ; irises and roses were two of susannah 's favorites and they were in abundant display along the white picket fence .
her roses , either . ''
susannah intended to avoid that issue , in case it turned into another war of the roses .
before leaving to visit her mother , she watered the plants , lingering among the roses for a few minutes and marveling anew at her mother 's energy .
to susannah 's astonishment , lovely pink roses and purple lilacs were arranged in a vase by the headstone .
the roses , still buds , had n't been cut more than a few hours ago .
a profusion of roses bloomed in the beds nearby .
` ` so i can trim my roses , '' she said slowly and deliberately .
` ` mother , the roses are at the house . ''
she remembered exactly where her roses were .
` ` my roses need trimming and i ' m determined to do it . ''
vivian was n't letting anyone near her roses , especially rachel henderson .
` ` when i ' m finished with the roses , i 'll take you both to lunch .
the roses were trimmed and there was n't a single weed in sight .
the first thing she saw as she crossed the lawn was the display of flowers that marked the site - a display that was similar to the one she 'd seen earlier , with roses again and peonies instead of lilacs .
the roses had bloomed now .
the patio was surrounded by lush greenery , including dogwood and lilac bushes , and an array of blooming lilies , peonies and roses .
she eyed the flower garden , paying particular attention to the roses and peonies .
` ` do you know who 's looking after my roses ? ''
barefoot and wearing red cotton capris and a sleeveless red - checkered shirt , she watered her garden , trying to focus on the sensual feel of the grass against her feet , the sun on her arms , the heavy scent of the old roses .
susannah stood in the doorway holding a vase of roses .
` ` it 's very thoughtful of you to bring me roses . ''
she held a vase filled with white and pink roses from the garden and carefully placed it on the windowsill .
the scent of roses filled the shop .
with valentine 's day the following week , they 'd received a huge shipment of roses , in addition to the flowers that arrived every other day .
colette 's favorites were the antique roses with their intense fragrance , although they tended to be smaller and less colorful than the hybrids .
but when she 'd mentioned her choice to jacqueline , her friend had cringed visibly and stated that roses were more traditional .
` ` i 'll take five dozen roses . ''
she asked as if it was perfectly normal to have a man walk in off the street and ask for five dozen roses .
` ` would you like roses of any particular color ? ''
the best , most expensive roses available . ''
` ` have the roses delivered to this address first thing tomorrow . ''
i 'd like roses delivered to elizabeth every week . ''
she knew his routine ; he generally ordered roses at the beginning of a relationship and again close to the end .
` ` take my credit card number and bill me weekly for the roses .
` ` a man named christian dempsey placed a standing order - ten dozen roses , to go to the same address every friday .
i have a wonderful husband , but i could n't imagine brad ordering me one dozen roses , let alone ten .
christian had gone out of his way to have roses delivered to another woman on a weekly basis , and he 'd made sure they came from susannah 's garden .
` ` the woman you 're sending all those roses . ''
` ` that 's lovely , '' susannah said , nodding at the arrangement of roses christian had ordered for elizabeth sasser .
the sidewalk leading to the entrance was lined with blooming roses ; their scent readily identified them as antique varieties and not hybrids .
how like a man to send dozens of roses to a woman who had a yardful !
she set the copper tub of roses on a round marble - topped table that stood in the entryway .
colette stepped inside the house and immediately noticed the scents of lemon and polished wood - and roses .
they were filling large baskets with white roses , yellow daisies and sprigs of fern .
beside the champagne and flutes , she 'd arranged a crystal vase of red roses ; they 'd been a gift from susannah 's garden , the flower shop next door .
a halo of flowers adorned her head , with flowing white ribbons cascading down her back , and she carried a small bouquet of white roses .
standing in the doorway i breathed in the sweet scent of day lilies , gladiolas , roses and lavender from susannah 's garden , the f lower shop next door .
orchids , lilies and roses were interspersed among white hydrangeas ; obviously clark had spared no expense .
claudia pointed to a huge f loral arrangement made up entirely of roses .
he could send her a dozen roses every day for the next f ifty years and it would n't shake her determination .
` ` before you toss these roses , '' claudia was saying , ` ` you 'd better read the card . ''
` ` not me , that 's for sure , especially when he 's sent me roses . ''
she felt she was the one who owed him thanks - for the weekend , the roses , tonight .
what awaited her was a large bouquet of red roses .
she loved roses , always had .
` ` you father knows how much i love roses . ''
` ` still , roses are pretty special . ''
he had roses delivered to the hotel . ''
bouquets of roses lined the elevator exit on either side , and curved a path along the far end of the lobby .
he was dressed in a suit , of course , but gregory was leashed at his side and travis was trying ( unsuccessfully ) to prevent the pig from eating a fallen rose .
it was covered in white frosting , with a delicate rose piped along the center .
he was n't a ` ` stop and smell the roses '' kind of guy .
i opened the door and dank stood there in a pair of khaki slacks , a dark blue dress shirt that was left open at the collar and , of course , his boots , holding a dozen red roses .
i pointed to the roses , ` ` are those for me ? ''
no guy had ever brought me roses .
i wanted to put my first ever roses in water before we left and leaving him in the hall was a bad idea .
i scanned the room for something to put my roses in .
guns n ' roses ?
it was a bronze , a bouquet of roses just at their peak .
` ` i wish you 'd spoil me as much as you do those roses of yours . ''
in the weeks since , he 'd done his best to shower her with love , much as she did those fancy roses she 'd planted .
she felt the roses press against her back , the tiny thorns tearing the material of her blouse , and still she clung to him weeping and sobbing , her cries echoing in the empty house .
he 'd put the roses in a vase on the table and had used her best china and linen .
olivia saw the huge bouquet of vibrant red roses being delivered to the courthouse when she broke for lunch .
she followed the florist 's deliveryman down the halls of the courthouse and wondered who was lucky enough to receive such gorgeous roses .
someone had sent her roses ?
the roses were stunning , the buds just opening , their color rich and deep .
` ` i have the most incredible roses here and a sealed card . ''
the irony was , she could n't remember once in all the years they were married that stan had sent her roses .
` ` did you get my roses ? ''
` ` now , tell me , did you receive the roses ? ''
roses , lilies , irises and a dozen other flowers filled huge white baskets , carefully arranged to create a border around the white - painted gazebo .
the deliveryman held a beautiful bouquet of roses , carnations and irises in a variety of pastel shades .
from the way she described it , life with her father was no bed of roses , for her or her mother . ''
` ` oh , yes , i ' ve always had a garden - roses and bulb flowers and perennials .
there , standing directly in front of her , holding a huge arrangement of bright red roses , was the ever - courteous james .
` ` how many roses are there ? ''
six dozen roses ?
no man had ever given her more than a single rose .
` ` why the roses and the chocolates - and everything else ? ''
did you like the roses ? ''
taking the rose and the card , she looked up at her mother , and the expression in her eyes must have conveyed the truth .
the rose was beautiful .
` ` thank you for the rose , '' she said again .
` ` i ruined the rose my sister gave me . ''
` ` bobby gave me the rose ? ''
` ` is there a reason you bought me roses ? ''
` ` do you want me to ask him about the roses ? ''
` ` he brought her a rose . ''
mack produced a bouquet of roses , which he 'd been hiding behind his back .
he 'd bought a bouquet of red roses , too .
the roses were wilting in a vase on the mantel and he 'd stuck the chocolates in the fridge .
she snatched up the rose and marched across the driveway to the garage .
every time teri had sent him to pick her up or drive her home , there 'd been a rose on her seat .
hurling the rose at his feet , she whirled around and stormed back down the stairs , practically stumbling in her haste .
even in october they were a riot of blooms - late - flowering red roses and chrysanthemums in bronze - orange , yellow , and dark gold bordered neat paths that wandered through the trees .
the walls were papered with a faded print of cabbage roses , the surface of the desk stained with ink and scarred with the marks of letter openers and pen nibs , and the grate was sooty .
she looked very beautiful in the light that streamed from the skylighted dome above , the scar on her cheek red as a rose .
he had stopped listening for camil e 's step in the hall , or waiting for her message , but he still preferred this room to others - this room , where her personal touch seemed to cling to the thorned roses on the wal paper , the faint perfume that rose from the draperies .
tessa knew she was making whimpering sounds in the back of her throat ; that will was pushing her back , back against the railing in a way that should have hurt but oddly did not ; that his hands were at the bodice of jessamine 's dress , crushing the delicate fabric roses .
chapter 15 : thousands more there is something horrible about a flower ; this , broken in my hand , is one of those he threw it in just now ; it will not live another hour ; there are thousands more ; you do not miss a rose .
cut roses and orchids floated in silver bowls on the white linen tablecloth .
will sat where he was , gazing at the silver bowl in front of him ; a white rose was floating in it , and he seemed prepared to stare at it until it went under .
upon entering her room , she took in the sight of six - dozen red roses scattered throughout the space .
beautiful pink roses and carnations sprayed up from glittering mounds of hydrangeas in the center of each table .
he did n't think for a minute it would all be a bed of roses and they 'd live happily ever after in the clouds .
i 'd tell you later , but i did n't want to ruin something so perfect and the first real joy i ' ve felt since the birth of rose . ''
the rose of sharon vine that covered a trellis framing a spectacular vista was brown and withered , the burst of color long gone since winter had descended on the mountains .
roses for rose .
roses for rose .
losing rose had nearly destroyed her .
i wanted it to be special and for a little while , i let grief for rose overwhelm me .
but she could give birth to her brother or sister , and a part of rose would live on .
i do n't want her getting so beat down that she feels even for a moment like she did with rose . ''
there at the head of the cradle , at the top of the curve , was a simple rose .
the roses i love so much are leggy and bare .
the roses are in full , riotous bloom .
a real war of the roses thing . ''
a ferret cage , long missing its musky occupant , overflowed with dusty silk roses .
he dealt in reality , not in roses and wishes , and what was between them was real - unexplored , undeveloped , but real .
the look of contentment on his face was nearly palpable , and the roses were so intricately drawn that caleb was sure he would feel the velvet texture of rose petals if he ran his finger over the paper .
we'l have a cookout , and lana 's father can show off his new roses . ''
besides , dad would never leave his roses for that long .
` ` i think the roses may survive , '' he told her as if it was the only thing holding him together .
maggie had been full and ripe like a rose in full bloom .
both were roses and both beautiful .
she 'd want to live in an established suburban neighborhood , maybe in connecticut or westchester county , in a traditional house with a yard big enough to hold her precious roses and a living room capable of displaying all her carefully chosen furniture .
she 'd always tried to picture her mama in the garden , maybe thinning the daffodils or trimming the roses , but all she 'd ever seen of her mother were black - and - white photographs , and even those had been scarce .
` ` it 's amazin ' to think that those roses 'll be bloomin ' in just a few months . ''
` ` i tended those roses by hand all these years .
she was looking at the roses .
marge came forward , holding a bouquet of roses .
there were peaked roofs , balconies with iron railings and the aged brick of the structure itself was the color of roses .
wood floors , walls the color of fog and a narrow table boasting a cobalt vase stuffed with roses and hydrangeas greeted her .
the pink roses moved , her sweet floral scent surrounded him , and he could ' ve sworn his world tilted , too .
the rose of her cheeks darkened .
from the moment he 'd shown up at the inn 's front door wearing an immaculately fitted black suit and carrying a dozen red roses every single minute had seemed like a fairytale .
opposite the row of office suites , tall , narrow tables dotted the fog - colored walls , each boasting a cobalt - blue vase that in summer would be stuffed with fresh roses and hydrangeas or other seasonal arrangements .
they were in the living room , logs crackling in the fireplace , the afternoon sun casting a lovely rose glow over the snowcapped evergreens and sleek white mountain slopes through the floor - to - ceiling windows that lined the west side of the house .
the first thing she saw was flowers - a gigantic bouquet of soft pink lilies and roses filling nearly the entire space of the open door .
not everything was hearts and roses .
but she made his comics smell like roses .
ten minutes later , i 'd asked angus to place an order for black magic roses to be sent to gideon 's office with the note : you ' ve got me under your spell .
my gaze remained trained on the open chinese take - out boxes on the coffee table in front of us , and the black magic roses , which gideon had brought home from work so we could enjoy them over the weekend .
those black magic roses arrived just as a bidder threw in a small winery in bordeaux that i ' ve had my eye on .
` ` who cares about wine and roses ?
i went to my room to change and was stoked to find a gorgeous bouquet of white roses on my dresser .
` ` i wooed him with wine , roses , and violin players .
my hair was up in an elegantly messy knot with a red rose tucked into it .
he reached out and gently touched one of the two dozen pink roses sitting on a table by the window .
he knew women wanted love , hearts , and roses , and he could give her two of those three things .
his lips were full and a natural rose color most girls would kill for .
it had a complicated geometric floral pattern , with red and purple roses against a navy - blue background .
he pressed the chain into luce 's open palm and she realized it was a locket , a rose engraved on its face .
it was dusk and the water to their right was alive with colors , re ecting the rose and orange and violet clouds gliding in front of the sun .
the air was warm and lled with a heady scent of roses .
` ` not lilies and not roses , '' she murmured under her breath as her narrow ngertips started to tremble .
was it possible to smell a rose sadly ?
lucinda released the rose , which snapped back into the garden , losing its blossom on the thorns as it crossed .
luce thought back to her days at dover , how she and callie would watch some of the other girls get chocolate hearts and roses on valentine 's day .
all three were covered in the same coarse fabric , but each had been painted with a different design : one red with small black pansies , one green with delicate white blossoms , and one ivory with pale pink roses near the eyes .
someone had inscribed these words with what looked to luce like a blue bic pen : roses are red , violets are blue , sugar is sweet , and so are you .
roses are red , violets are blue , if daniel did n't write these words , then who ?
the heat bloomed through her like a rose in summer .
white roses and silver ribbons were everywhere .
the same is true for rose , rosco and gretta even though they ' ve known you only half as long .
` ` would you settle for a dozen roses ? ''
` ` that girl there is prom dates , roses , and diamonds .
johnny stood there , holding a bouquet of pink roses .
leaves lay strewn everywhere , multicolored splashes hung on dying roses .
the air smelled of lavender and roses .
it is leaning against a hedge of roses .
paxton stands there , dressed in black , holding a bouquet of dark purple roses .
the last wild roses for sale in erika 's red buckets across the way , a young woman with a plump , curly - haired baby on her hip tasting some of kent 's smoked salmon , a little boy sipping homemade cider from a dixie cup .
bouquets of fragrant roses displayed in cracked water pitchers and metal pans decorated the counters and tabletops .
clutched in the beak was a long - stemmed rose , and a single teardrop was falling from the eye of the dove .
was her life really such a pile of roses and sunshine that a change - nearly any change - would n't be an improvement ?
the hand carved pattern around the sides is of roses , stems , and leaves .
this seems like an appropriate reaction because there stands cole wearing an easy smile , holding a giant bouquet of pink roses .
i saw a string of maroon - colored beads , and the scent of roses floated out .
some lovers might have purchased long - stemmed red roses , but not gabriel .
then christina , the wedding planner who was hovering nearby , handed rachel and tammy their bouquets , which were a mixture of irises and white roses , designed to match their iris - colored dresses .
she flushed , looking down at her bouquet , which consisted of two dozen white roses and a few springs of holly .
like a rose . ''
just like a rose , opening her petals .
she would be a rose in his eyes , and she would flower beneath him .
when she reacted to the music , as well as turning a deeper shade of rose , he winked .
` ` like a rose in first bloom . ''
the thought of how julianne 's rose and cream skin would glow in the starlight made his heart soar and his trousers twitch .
` ` roses . ''
chapter forty - four september 9 , 2011 durham , north carolina april hudson exited her apartment building with the intention of driving to campus , but she was stopped abruptly by a man carrying roses .
he lifted the dozen long - stemmed red roses he held in his left hand .
take your red roses and go back to washington .
and i chose red roses because i thought you 'd like them . ''
he handed her the roses and flashed a smile .
` ` roses , '' he whispered , stroking his work - roughened fingers over her knuckles .
your skin smelled of roses . ''
to this day , every time i smell roses i think of you . ''
` ` i do n't wear roses anymore .
` ` would you wear roses again ?
there was a tiny florist shop in the back , and he picked up a dozen roses .
putting the roses and slice of cheesecake down on the end table , his gaze danced around the room .
spinning around , he left the clerk without a second glance , tossing the roses in the trash on the way out .
he thought of the roses wilting in the trashcan .
was that a bush of late - blooming roses by the porch ?
just before three in the afternoon , their office door opened and a delivery guy stood there , awkwardly carrying four dozen red roses .
four dozen roses .
bridget stared at the delivery guy as he strode out of her office , and then her gaze fell back to the roses .
so he sent her roses .
the roses sat beside her bed .
he faced the guesthouse and wondered if the door remained unlocked , if elizabeth 's wonderful scent of vanilla and roses still lingered in the foyer .
she turned her head , her bleary gaze wandering and finding every flat surface in her room covered in a riotous display of hothouse roses .
ware stared up at the ornate ceiling moldings and thought again of how well the room suited her , with its rose and cream colors and gilded furnishings .
behind her , a profusion of climbing roses hugged an archway that led to a pond .
tyson was carrying a bouquet of pink roses .
` ` thanks for the roses , '' i called to his back as he made his way into my kitchen to fetch a vase .
she deserved roses , candles , that kind of shit .
` ` i do n't do roses and candles and country clubs .
life had defeated that arrogance and taught her not to expect roses .
as the rustic little cottage with its climbing roses spread across its facade came into view , emily hurried ahead .
she then dressed in a light pink muslin dress with small embroidered roses at the hem , finishing with a spray of rosewater across her chest .
fresh quivers ran down his spine as her scent , a soft fragrance of roses in bloom , enveloped him .
turning her head , emily immediately spotted the lady in question - it was of course lady giddington , hurrying toward them in a bright spray of pink , her straw bonnet overflowing with ribbons and roses .
a dusty pink garland of roses skimmed its edges in a pretty pattern that imparted a sense of femininity to emily as she now sat before a mirror .
on the seat beside him lay a dozen pink roses bound in cellophane .
he 'd been on the ferry , already on his way home , when he remembered that jolene preferred red roses .
he picked up the roses and the small tiffany 's box beside it , wondering if the expensive gift would redeem him .
in the shadowy kitchen , he found a vase and put the roses in it , then carried them up the stairs .
` ` he brought me roses and a beautiful watch . ''
she brought dozens of flowering plants with her - roses and orchids and bright yellow mums .
the rose he placed on the casket slipped off , and he bent to retrieve it , placing it next to his father 's .
one by one tami 's relatives came up to say their last good - bye and put a rose on the casket .
the rose she held bit her with its thorn .
he got up and picked her up as if she weighed nothing and set her on the toilet , then he reached over and unspooled a wad of toilet paper , handing it to her like a perfect white rose .
her lips were pale pink , the color of a fair rose .
the church was nicely decorated with white roses .
in the far corner of the room stood a tub with roses floating in the water ; it smelled absolutely heavenly .
` ` he is sending me to fetch a vase for his roses . ''
` ` but the roses are well past their prime , '' artemisia said with despair .
seeing roses where there are no roses is no bad thing .
seeing roses where there are no roses is no bad thing .
` ` we also spoke of roses and before you leaped from behind the pampas grass , i think your father gave me a short dissertation on aphids and assorted other pests . ''
to his right was the parlor , a cozy room painted the color of summer roses and cluttered with ornate mahogany furniture .
we stop and get two dozen roses apiece and we drive to a beautiful , silent cemetery .
not exactly what i wanted him to refer to it as when we finally did it , but preston was n't one for roses and candlelight .
the roses turned away from the master suite and led to the closed door of the guest room - her room .
when she 'd discovered the roses , she 'd expected seduction and sex .
she had to regain ainsley and get henryhis roses , pete hisown big kitchen , and meg a home in which to settle .
` ` close to henry and his roses would be nice , ` ` she had told valoreeinconfidence .
underneath she wore a denim shirt with mother - of - pearl snaps and embroidered roses on the western - style yoke .
` ` you do that , because pink - especially in a deep rose color - would be good for you . ''
sarah sat down and noticed the tray on the coffee table filled with a royal doulton tea service , featuring blue borders and old - fashioned tea roses .
lillian bray was up on the altar fussing with an arrangement of red roses , white mums , and holly .
those poles were draped with strings of mauve roses .
inside , uncovered and lying on a bed of more mauve roses , was tatiana herself .
the roses ' scent filled the air , but there was a hint of decay mixed in with that sweetness .
score one for rose and the element of surprise .
joe 's the janitor who helped me out by testifying that i was n't with rose when aunt tatiana was murdered .
the one who was working in rose 's building . '
more roses , magnolia and apple trees , irises , and a billion other flowers i did n't recognize .
one of the bees flew from the honeysuckle to a rose , and she never looked away .
the one who testified about rose .
why is n't she with rose ? '
dimitri was shaking me , and it took several seconds for me to shift from being a shocked lissa to a startled rose .
it 'll be filled with roses .
with leaden feet , jeisa walked with jeremy up to the aircraft and gasped when she saw that he had filled the interior with hundreds of white roses .
jeremy pocketed his hands and with some sarcasm said , ` ` we would n't have flown down in a helicopter full of roses if i had . ''
suddenly the helicopter of roses made sense .
full of f**king roses , he thought with disgust .
the kitchen scene faded as she remembered how his helicopter had looked overflowing with roses .
` ` i 'll make sure his limo is full of white roses , '' jeremy said without missing a beat .
` ` you went out with mario last month , and he brought you a rose . ''
i did all right on the multiple choice ( which - verb - tense - makes - sense - here type questions ) , but the essay question , in le petit prince , what is the significance of the rose ?
the significance of the rose ?
it shone through the amber irises of his eyes and touched his flesh with rose and gold .
he set his hand on the doorknob ; it was white china , painted with roses , and a pang went through him at the cool slick touch of it on his hand , but there was no time now to think of such things .
and one of the code things you saw mentioned quite often was a white rose .
if the graf had brought an irish - speaker to give a new translation , the line about the wild hunt strewing white roses to mark the victorious path of their queen was sure to show up in contrast to his version , which had merely mentioned the faeries strewing roses .
if the graf had brought an irish - speaker to give a new translation , the line about the wild hunt strewing white roses to mark the victorious path of their queen was sure to show up in contrast to his version , which had merely mentioned the faeries strewing roses .
he put his finger on the line about the white roses .
no mention of white roses .
he half - ran , half - hobbled straight through the formal garden , trampling roses and flower beds .
there 's a wee reference in the poem to a white rose .
it was true ; the lawns spread a stately distance before and behind , and edging the back lawn were terraces of roses and other flowering bushes , with a walled garden to the left that was likely the kitchen garden ; grey saw what looked like espaliered fruit trees poking up above the plastered wall .
best fight in stocking feet , he thought - no , barefoot , and then came out from under an archway covered with climbing roses into the open ground .
* * * despite today 's heavy rain , taryn had ventured out to collect some cat milk for muffin and a bunch of roses from the corner store .
by the time purple twilight brought a respite from the heat , the air would be redolent with honeysuckle and roses , pine and fresh - cut grass .
robert opened one eye and examined the golden rose of the sky as he reached for the receiver .
delicate pink parchment , scented of roses and bearing a rose seal , stood out from the others .
she had stood on her tiptoes , clinging to the table 's edge , and watched as shea , who made wonderful cakes , practiced making dozens of roses from icing before decorating maris 's wedding cake .
before long the practice roses had all borne evidence of a tiny , investigative finger .
` ` i ' m allergic to roses , '' she said .
` ` forget the roses , '' the pilot said grandly .
with a lovely bouquet of roses in hand , he asked me out .
a smile of embarrassed pleasure creeps onto her face , as if i ' ve just given her an over - large bouquet of roses or written her a bad love song .
` ` how beautiful , '' mama conte crooned , inhaling the scent of roses and lilies .
they switched on and off , while the sounds of classic guns n ' roses blared around them and drowned out any attempt at conversation .
lily wore a different dress of yellow roses , her dainty tights and matching yellow shoes pristine and cleaned of drool .
if there was a rose beneath , she surrounded herself with a thicket of thorns to warn any prince on horseback to stay way back .
colorful roses burst from hanging baskets amid paper lanterns casting an intimate glow along the walkway .
a full bouquet of bloodred roses sat on the high table , serving as the centerpiece of the room .
next to the mail that had accumulated while she was gone stood a dozen roses , beautifully arranged in a large clear vase .
theresa leaned over her desk and smelled the roses again before moving the vase to the corner of her desk .
how did you know i loved roses ? ''
` ` so you send lots of women roses ? ''
i hope the roses will remind you that i ' m thinking about you . ''
she glanced at the roses .
garrett also sent a couple of letters - short notes , really - to let her know that he missed her , and he had another dozen roses delivered the following week , this time with a box of candy .
` ` and the rose was blood red . ''
one terrace of the two - level lot held a large pool , and another , a maze of roses .
her br**sts were exquisite , round , the perfect size to fill his palms , and tipped with dusty - rose aureoles which he could not wait to taste .
the first thing she saw was a bouquet of roses on the nearest seat .
susan 's countenance softened and her cheeks flushed to a fetching shade of rose pink .
roses and some other scent he could n't define wrapped gently around him .
the sun was setting , casting a rose - red hue over the green water .
` ` buy her a bunch of baby clothes while you 're at it ... and send her a huge bouquet of roses when she 's in the hospital , too . ''
it did n't take a master 's degree for him to figure out that his sweet irish rose had no intention of answering his letters , either .
his sweet irish rose looked so professional and imperturbable that it was enough to challenge any red - blooded male .
he had n't softened it with romantic words or sent the message attached to a dozen red roses .
send you roses ?
` ` i always thought it was roses and sunshine and sharing a glass of expensive wine while sitting in front of a brick fireplace .
he was n't a man who would allow a rose to do his speaking for him .
catherine stared at the envelope for several moments , calculating in her mind who would have given her a rose .
knowing elaine was watching her , she replaced the card in the envelope , then set the rose on the edge of her desk .
catherine was pleased her secretary took such delight in the fact commander dan parker had seen fit to flatter her with a red rose , but frankly , her secretary was more thrilled about it than she was .
his gaze drifted over to her desk , where she 'd left the rose .
catherine fed him a piece of heart - shaped cake bordered with red roses and sipped champagne .
` ` it 's not that , '' hannah sobbed , pointing toward the window ledge where a beautiful bouquet of a dozen red and white roses was perched .
the candles were stuck in empty coke bottles - apparently she had n't found real candle - holders - and were positioned on either side of the roses , which she 'd arranged in a glass bowl .
i guess they could resist dolly parton dancing buck - naked with a rose in her teeth . ''
if he 'd been trying to butter up his own mother instead of harry ambrewster 's , he 'd be looking at first - cut roses in a gold box , with a price tag to match .
` ` being madeline jarrett 's granddaughter has n't always been a bed of roses . ''
he pictured her lying nak*d in a bed of roses , while he scooped up a handful of petals and let them drift over her skin ... ` ` i do n't know which was worse , the people who did mean things out of envy , or the ones who spent all their time sucking up . ''
` ` i tried talking to her about it , real quiet so rose would n't hear , because rose acts like she does n't know .
yes , there were flowers , but interspersed with roses and carnations were a small calculator , a slide rule , a pair of black - framed glasses , a pocket protector , a clipboard , and a gps .
a few snips here and there , and one final snip when gillian had begun to dance under the limbo stick , and neil could see his future opening like the petals of a rose .
i ' ve made reservations at the pump room and ordered a dozen roses .
but instead of roses or a heart , this one featured something different .
on the entry table , a cordless phone lay next to a glass bowl filled with floating roses .
` ` let me guess : you do n't like the roses you planted last week and azaleas would be better . ''
zach stood on the top step , holding red roses .
a single rose lay on the industrial gray carpeting , stepped on , its bright red blossom tattered and torn .
the beds were a riot of glorious color , with sugary pink saucer - sized roses , ruffled yellow peonies , spiked purple delphinium .
the heady scent of roses captured her , made her stand there a moment longer than she 'd intended .
` ` she liked white roses , '' zach said .
there were dahlias , zinnias , and roses of every color except white .
` ` i never planted a white rose , '' she said quietly .
along the split - rail fence line , roses grew wild , their leggy green branches climbing over one another like adolescent boys offering bright pink flowers to a girl .
the past was n't merely a garden of roses and sunshine ; the past held its share of heartbreak as well .
in march , for no special reason , paul arranged to have roses sent to her house and then began having them sent every month .
the nipple and aureole were coloured a deep rose , the nipple engorged from the ministrations of his mouth and tongue , and continuing to flower as he blew on it gently , his gaze heating as his hand now lifted her breast until that nipple brushed against his lips .
lurlene leaned down in a cloud of rose - scented perfume .
nick recalled how much he used to love working in the yard , planting bulbs , raking leaves , snip - ping dead roses from the thorny bushes .
at last , she turned to the roses , carefully pruning the thorny branches .
part three god gave us memories so that we might have roses in december.-james m. barrie chapter 24 heat rose in shimmering waves from the black ribbon of asphalt and melted into the brown , smog - filled air .
what i did notice was the pretty woman tending the roses . ''
mama 's hair was curling up like mad because of the humidity , and the pattern on the plates was the lumpy pink roses of the good wedding china .
i pushed the smock further back , trying for a better listen , and saw the heavy bruising - ugly splotches of healing green and yellow , a few still with deep red - black centers that bloomed like deadly roses over the curve of her belly .
the air around me was suffused with the scent of roses , and i heard the creak of the dress cage as louis 's weight pressed upon it , and heard his sigh of pleasure .
i still smelled roses .
not the cloying scent of rose oil - fresh roses .
knowing that the roses were real was comforting , but i felt as though i stood still on the edge of a vast abyss , alone , separate from every other soul in the universe .
i caught a glimpse of the top of her head , dark hair dressed high with white roses , and then it disappeared behind the thronged backs of well - wishers .
he nodded , his gaze still resting on the ground , the fallen petals of the yellow roses .
the fire gleamed on their faces more than it had ever shone from the crystal and silver of rose hall .
blotting a similar condensation from my cheeks and nose , i got up and threw open the window closest to me , drawing in a deep gulp of the evening air , cloyingly warm , but fresh , and sweet with honeysuckle and roses from the garden , undercut with dankness from the distant shore .
likewise on the darkly suffused flesh of his gen**als in their morning state , standing stiff against his belly and gone the deep , soft color one would find in the heart of a shadowed rose .
she said , as he idly picked up an open pouch of rose madder .
nothing like a sea - breeze , so they say , to put the roses in your cheeks ! ''
` ` jasmine , roses , hyacinth , and lily of the valley ... .ragweed , too , apparently , '' i added as he snorted and wheezed into the capacious depths of the handkerchief .
as a parting gift from brother ambrose , i had several cakes of a fine - milled hard soap , made with attar of roses , and told her to fetch those , as well .
while raymond 's hands were n't moving themselves , a faint flicker of colored light seemed to move over them , shedding a glow of rose and a pallor of blue across my own white skin .
he bowed to me , and i bowed back , then followed him down the hall of mirrors , feeling the slipperiness of my oily thighs as they brushed each other , and smelling the strong scent of roses between my legs .
and if by chance i did , i would rub his nose in the scent of roses , until his soul sickened and died .
it 'll be the nats or the roses , likely , but i ' ve no kep ' up .
` ` a green - fingered lady might just be tendin ' her roses , but a lady whose hands smell of sassafras root and jesuit bark is like to know more than how to make flowers bloom .
past the orchard , still in silence , and down the long walk of herbaceous borders , with the scents of lily and lavender , anemone and roses , so pungent and heady that simply to walk through the hot , heavy air was like throwing oneself headlong onto a bed of fragrant petals .
and so , with the macabre urge to begin with ` ` once upon a time ... '' i leaned back against the wall , and with ian 's head still in my lap , began the story of rose hall and its mistress , the witch geillis duncan ; of the reverend archibald campbell and his strange sister , margaret , of the edinburgh fiend and the fraser prophecy ; and of a night of fire and crocodile 's blood , when the slaves of six plantations along the yallahs river had risen and slain their masters , roused by the houngan ishmael .
a flame flared and bloomed on a nearby hilltop , a rose of midsummer 's fire .
drops of water hung trembling under the petals of the marble jacobite roses on hector cameron 's tomb , and the brick walk was dark with wet .
before her tear - blurred eyes , the drops on the marble roses gathered weight and began to fall .
the liquid within , seen through the glass , seemed green as the sea - depths , but once poured out it proved to be a beautiful pale - rose color , with the most delicious bouquet .
after a short spell of frenetic activity , with me standing like a dressmaker 's dummy and everyone else racing about fetching , carrying , criticizing , and tripping over each other , the final product was ready , complete to white asters and yellow roses pinned in my hair and a heart pounding madly away beneath the lacy bodice .
besides the arbor , there was a small walled garden , blooming with the last of the summer roses .
the pretty lad turned an interesting shade of rose , and drained his cider at one gulp , avoiding my glance .
her face was the color of one of the roses by the doorstep .
he added , catching sight of sir marcus 's embroidered waistcoat , with its coat of arms worked in silver stitchery among the pigeons and roses .
he and bree had breakfasted with mrs . cameron in her tent this morning off china painted with roses : slices of succulent fried ham , studded with cloves , oatmeal porridge with cream and sugar , a compote of preserved fruit , fresh corn dodgers with honey , jamaican coffee ... his stomach contracted with a pleasant growl of recollection .
` ` merde , merde , merde , merde , '' sang germain , with a fair approximation of the tune of ` ` rose , rose '' -a manifestation of precocious musical feeling that went lamentably unappreciated in the circumstances .
his mouth opened , and a very pretty shade of rose suffused his countenance .
the monster half - rose , paused , rose altogether and overbalanced , chunking down into place with a thunk !
but now the accounts are done , i have written to everyone i can think of , and the clouds have gone away , so the sun shines through the window by my desk , and the shadows of mother 's roses are falling over me .
he wiped his nose , then reached out a hand to touch the flattened roses , gently .
the front of the mausoleum was covered by an ornamental grille of black wrought iron , with an enormous lock , its metal decorated by sixteen - petalled jacobite roses .
` ` a rose by any other name , '' she murmured with gentle triumph .
that morning , when she got to work , she 'd found a lovely bouquet of roses .
not just any roses , but red ones - a dozen perfectly formed buds .
not that she was about to let a few beautiful roses sway her decision - although they must have cost him the earth .
the hat , adorned with white roses , featured loops of blue ribbon that matched her stylish ensemble .
nearly undone by her soft rose fragrance , her warmth seeped into him , making him feel slightly overheated .
pink roses blossomed on each cheek and she looked like a picture of health with her freckled nose , bright eyes , and rosy lips tipped up in a grin .
her hair fell in a golden tumble to her waist and smelled faintly of roses .
it was a beautiful day and he was sitting elbow to elbow with a girl who made his heart thump wildly at thoughts of her kisses while her soft rose scent made him think things he knew were inappropriate .
she fastened a rose made out of ribbon in her hair and gave herself one more perusal in the mirror before deciding she looked as good as she could .
watching the morning 's first rays of sunlight filter through the lace - covered window , she inhaled the scent of roses from the sachets she 'd made and stashed in her dresser drawers .
` ` i 'd sing her ` ` the rose , '' except my singing has been known to stampede cattle . ''
the wine did n't need her attention , but the blue roses and baby 's breath certainly did .
besides , blue roses cost the moon , and she could n't let her foul mood ruin them .
champagne and roses .
frowning , he scrolled back up - sure enough , it was a rose .
the roses in her cheeks kept her paleness from being unattractive , and the halter - top showcased a pair of large , lovely br**sts that looked ridiculously edible .
i even brought gifts , '' he flashed his crooked smile and from thin air pulled a dozen black and red roses along with an actual voodoo doll with a silver necklace around its small neck .
` ` you got me a voodoo doll and black roses ? ''
and the roses as well .
i happen to like black roses .
the voodoo doll and black roses were instantly gone and only a dozen red and pink roses remained along with the necklace that terrified me .
the voodoo doll and black roses were instantly gone and only a dozen red and pink roses remained along with the necklace that terrified me .
heck , i was even afraid to touch the roses he 'd left behind .
red and pink roses lay beside it and i stared at the items trying to figure out what it was i was seeing .
my eyes shifted back to the roses .
if i was n't so upset about those dang roses i 'd laugh .
` ` where did the roses come from ? ''
so leif had brought her the roses .
` ` no , they 're just roses , '' i replied .
i did n't point out that they were beautiful roses .
i snapped my fingers and the roses caught on fire .
the antique piece was surrounded by a ring of pink roses , just as she was surrounded by sudden marriage proposals .
eliza had worn another of her mother 's gowns , this one in a lovely rose hue .
the cranmores had a heterogeneous garden featuring a hedgerow maze , a pagoda , various - sized obelisks , a recreation of a grecian temple ruin , and a gazebo covered in climbing roses .
riptide - red roses are bursting open inside my room .
i pull open a note that 's nestled among the roses on my nightstand and my eyes well up when i see a song name .
then i take a picture of my room , so full of roses so that i can barely see my window , and send it .
` ` go home , momma , '' i say , and she quietly leaves as i remain in bed , staring at all the roses he sent me .
i get red roses every day .
this morning my roses doubled in amount .
` ` my darling chicken , judging by the roses he 's sent , he wants to make up .
` ` i told you i loved you with every petal of every rose , '' he tells me in a low , husky whisper .
` ` at the institute one of my female doctors got a rose .
i open my eyes and see remy holding out a rose to me .
giving me a rose with those dark but twinkling eyes with the blue flecks .
he keeps going through the throng of people , and even through my pain , i notice fans have white roses in their hands as we walk past them , and some are tossing them at us from the stands .
brooke 's gold eyes widen in disbelief , and my chest swells with happiness as she 's soon crowded by my fans , handing her roses .
brooke is completely silent , not looking at me , her lap filled with roses .
my roses .
the only thing i hear now is the silence coming from where brooke sits , tense across the seat from me , with an armful of roses and completely f**king ignoring me .
do n't all women like roses ?
my blood boils in my veins as i stalk into my room and step into the shower , open the cold water , and stand there , closing my eyes and reliving the way she stood there , watching the roses come at her .
plus you know our son pukes roses so ... it 's okay !
` ` and i want the march , the white dress , white roses , and you .
` ` i want hundreds of roses , pete ! ''
white roses start raining over us from the stands when the announcer speaks .
as brooke stares quietly around , every inch in the room is either green , yellow , white , red , pink , some roses in buds , some blooming , some with stems , some scattered on the furniture without them , i quietly come up from behind her and set my headphones on her head , and click play on my ipod .
now my wife stands in this room i filled with roses for her , and i have .
the suite still smells of roses .
i ' ve heard the guys banter with him , telling him to get me something other than roses , something less old - fashioned .
just like his roses and his songs talk to me .
another rose follows , and a different voice proudly states , ` ` from remy . ''
i stare in utter disbelief at the line of people forming before me , easily several dozen , all of them handing me red roses from him .
word of what he did in los angeles must have gone out through twitter or i do n't know how , all i know is my arms are full of roses , and they 're all from him .
i know he wants to know if i ' m grateful for my roses , but my insides are so wound up , i ' m simmering .
i absolutely refuse to gush about my roses or compliment him .
yes , his fans showered me with roses and he fought like a true freaking wonderful champion ... my p**sy clenches as i remember the powerful plows of his fists , and now i refuse to think more about that either .
i want to fling all these roses in his lap and tell him to f**k them now because i do n't even want him to f**k me anymore !
so when the roses are set with water in one of the ice buckets in my room and my anger has festered into gargantuan proportions , i storm down the hall and find pete in the living room outside the master bedroom .
ebony hair framed a face whose sculptural beauty was accentuated by a complexion that reminded him of ivory and roses .
it was pleasantly warm in the garden , the morning air scented by late roses in the borders adjoining the high walls .
bouquets of white roses , white tulips , and white calla lilies covered nearly every flat surface , and some even sat on the floor in strategic areas .
` ` i do n't think there were many humans that preferred the way things became , but it was n't all roses and candy back then either . ''
like i said , it was n't all roses and candy . ''
peter might not think she needed oil of olay , but the dew was definitely off the rose .
bouquets of white roses were placed around the room , their rainy scent reaching her .
there were more roses on the dresser and night table , these deep red .
she 'd assumed roses would bloom wherever they were planted .
` ` i want to read up on roses , learn what i can about planting and growing them before i start tearing up the yard .
she deserved candlelight and roses , shit like that .
her fingers trailed up to the rose on his biceps .
` ` ohhh , brian ... '' she was getting close already , delectable pink flushing a deep rose .
he nodded without further comment and set out to help her saddle up rose and trinity for the girls .
she had gabriella 's bouquet , a gorgeous spray of lilies and roses .
he shooed ghost away from the computer and brought up their most recent photos , clicking to the one he wanted - a cluster of pink , no - outline roses he 'd done just last week .
a dozen red roses in a long floral box under his arm , he climbed the stairs to her apartment and tried not to think about how stiff the darn dress shoes were .
tossing the box of roses down beside her door , he ripped the note off and headed back to the main floor , taking the stairs two at a time .
he stood at the curb , dressed in a suit and tie and dress coat , holding a dozen snow - covered red roses and wearing an anxious expression .
she pointed to the roses .
he held a single long - stemmed rose , which he extended to her with an expression so filled with tenderness , her heart clenched .
he placed the rose in her hand and tipped her chin up with the tip of his finger .
she tightened her fingers around the stem of the rose .
when meg saw the bouquet of roses , her heart softened a bit .
beautiful , fragrant , romantic roses that were now going to compete for table space with mrs . mahoney 's medicine bottles and collection of ceramic pigs .
he inhaled her clean scent , and the lingering smell of roses tantalized his nose .
the scent of roses wafted through her nostrils .
she smelled the faint scent of sunshine and roses clinging to it .
she wore a lovely gown of rose pink , and her neck was adorned with a cameo secured by a thick black ribbon .
her n**ples were a soft rose hue and luxuriously long .
in summer , the roses and old maids took their bow .
she gazed out the window at the profusion of peach colored roses , her favorite , and squared her shoulders as if bracing herself .
` ` the crown of roses . ''
she smiled when she saw the white roses in a vase on the dining table and when she went to pull out the salad , she found one of victoria 's famous cheesecakes in the fridge .
the theft of the crown of roses was finally coming to a close , and his life with ana was about to begin .
` ` that 's the rose i know . ''
flowers of every color bloomed around me , and the air was heavy with the scent of lilacs and roses .
red like a rose , like a sweet , sweet rose . ''
red like a rose , like a sweet , sweet rose . ''
` ` in rose 's defense , though , i think she 's right about the wards .
she smelled fresh , like a bed of roses .
his fingers curled around the rose , a tight fist against such a wrong .
he brushed the velvet flower petals along her tear - wet cheek before laying the rose carefully on the pillow beside her .
lily shivered with awareness , turned her head to look at the rose , then shifted her gaze to his face .
he took the rose from her pillow and placed it carefully on the nightstand beside the candle .
it should all be roses and ponies from here .
jimmy had brought the staff over and set up a table complete with a linen tablecloth , candlelight , and roses .
i laughed , then picked her up and carried her over to the bed and laid her down on the bed of roses .
` ` i guess she does n't care for the alexanders , '' kenny muses , tucking a lock of hair between her lips like a beautiful black rose .
i give a little laugh as i stare down at the bouquet of bright red roses i picked up from the florist .
he reveals a giant bouquet of long - stemmed roses .
the garden was looking good , parrish thought , eyeing the prize - winning roses beneath his window .
to please jeb , she glanced around at the greenery , wine - colored ribbons and white roses .
and she smelled amazing , like a bouquet of peach - colored roses .
but every time he took a breath , he caught a whiff of her sweet perfume - part peach roses , part tyler .
watching the creek flow by is a little like smelling the roses . ''
staring at her as she said it , travis could no more have denied her request than breathed underwater , and though his hands were scraped and his fingertips bloody by the time he finished planting the bushes , roses were blooming on the day christine had been born .
do you know that every nurse in the hospital knows you sent your wife roses every anniversary ?
maybe even roses .
he 'd shown up at the door dressed in a linen jacket , holding a bouquet of roses and smelling faintly of cologne .
he held out a bouquet of roses .
holding a rose to her cheek , the woman in the photograph was younger than julie by a few years , her smile almost childlike .
as with his work on the house , noah put great effort into making both the garden and the trellis unique ; i often reach out to trace the carvings or simply stare at the roses , hoping perhaps to absorb the talents that have always eluded me .
` ` under the trellis by the roses . ''
hour by hour , the natural colors of the roses were artfully exposed as each bush was thinned and trimmed .
once little was comfortable , he began to shape the roses that draped it .
` ` how are my roses doing ? ''
a bouquet of thirty roses lay on the bed ; on either side of the flowers lay a neatly wrapped box , each with a note attached .
beneath the inky sky , the tent glowed white , and the floodlights in the garden cast fingerlike shadows while illuminating the color of the rose blossoms .
with a bouquet of tulips and miniature roses clasped loosely in her hands , she seemed to glide down the aisle .
it had included things like ` ` i 'll give up cigarettes unless i really , really need one '' and ` ` i 'll unleash romantic surprises every week , such as : an impromptu picnic , roses , or a trip to paris -- but not actually any of those things because now they 're not surprises . ''
` ` not according to rose . ''
` ` like with rose ? ''
` ` i was with rose .
and we all heard the stories -- people have been making up things that are extreme even for rose . ''
` ` when were you with rose ?
if you were with rose afterward -- '' ` ` then she has an alibi , '' he interrupted .
my publishers outside the u.s . are also doing wonderful things for getting the word out about rose , and i ' m constantly amazed to see the growing international response .
she smelled of roses and sunshine .
i have a nice little house with a white picket fence and roses in the backyard .
i felt it with rose .
i was sure rose did n't give out that number very often , so did n't want to risk losing it .
i opened the one rose had sent and studied the first few pages of notes .
` ` i need to speak with rose . ''
it was n't until rose cleared her throat that i came back to my senses .
sarah had left to go over things with rose , so it was just me and jess with dad .
finally i decided on one of the large seats next to a window , opposite of rose .
sarah took the seat across from rose and becca handed me my bag before moving to a couch in the back .
the queen placed her hand on my elbow , gently guiding me away from rose and alex .
she left shortly afterward with rose and the prime minister , signaling that we could leave if we were ready .
there was a faint , sweet smell of roses in the air .
ruby peered into the dark interior and saw a dozen white roses in a sheath of opalescent tissue paper lying on the backseat .
she dropped her jacket onto the gleaming marble floor ; beside an ornate wrought - iron and stone that held a huge urn full of roses .
the wallpaper was still the pale pink cabbage roses that she and caroline had picked out when they were children .
ruby had even replaced the horrid plastic flowers on the table with a fragrant bouquet of roses .
cool night air breezed across her cheeks , carrying with it the smells of a life gone by - the sea , the sand , the roses climbing along the railings .
i smell the roses my grandmother planted and dry my hands on towels she embroidered ...
the whoosh of the waves ... the hoot of a barn owl , not too far away ... the scent of her grandmother 's roses , climbing up trellises on the side of the house .
walls papered in a creamy white pattern with cabbage roses twining on prickly vines .
the first thing she noticed was the sweet scent of the roses and the salty tang of the sea .
there were flowers not only on every surface but on the floor as well : roses in a wide array of colors , chrysanthemums , lilies , and carnations , all beautifully arranged in bouquets of varying sizes .
` ` feel free to water the roses if you like .
they 'd added some scented oils that filled the air with the smell of roses .
` ` alexandra is showing michael the roses .
` ` and flowers too - roses , i believe , a big bouquet of red roses . ''
` ` and flowers too - roses , i believe , a big bouquet of red roses . ''
a rich scent of roses wrapped itself around him as she lingered , and there was something about the intimacy of the moment that sent his heart racing in his chest while a rich , velvety heat surged to his groin .
their relationship had been one of tolerance in the beginning and it had been far from hearts and roses .
grabbing her bag , she hurried inside the employee entrance and checked with rose who manned the front door .
anyone who said love was all hearts and roses and warm , gushy feelings clearly had n't fallen for julie .
grabbing her bag , she hurried inside the employee entrance and checked with rose , who manned the front door .
chocolate and roses on valentine 's day . ''
came home to a dozen roses and a sweet congratulatory note . ''
they were as opposite as a rose was to a daisy .
tugging off one of her long gloves , isabel reached out and fingered the petals of a nearby rose .
` ` with wine and roses ?
there are pink roses and white roses , even an orange shade of rose , but no true red . ''
there are pink roses and white roses , even an orange shade of rose , but no true red . ''
there are pink roses and white roses , even an orange shade of rose , but no true red . ''
gerard watched pel 's eyes widen and knew that as far as roses went , the one he held aloft was a prime specimen .
she tugged the rose free of his grasp and lifted it to her nose .
as she moved to add the rose to a nearby vase , he shrugged out of his coat .
` ` thank you for the rose .
i have never had a rose picked by hand just for me . ''
the massive spray of white and pink roses that lay over the bottom half of the casket would have delighted her .
i wanted to thank everyone who had sent her the large flower bouquets lining the church walls , especially the ones with roses .
the smell of roses was thick , reminding me even more of the afternoons we 'd sat outside her house talking .
then she saw the roses .
no roses like that grew wild .
behind the roses something impossible had happened .
slowly , slowly , she reached out and picked one of the roses .
the rose had pricked her .
all the thorns on the roses were crimson , as if they 'd been dipped in blood .
in a panic , she expected faye to start talking throatily about roses and darkness .
diana had the rose now , and diana had adam .
cassie had also washed in milk of roses - rosewater and oil of sweet almonds - for softening her skin and to smell nice .
cassie dabbed perfume behind her ears - not magnet oil but simply attar of roses - and tossed her scented hair back .
michael always said it looked like a garden because of the ralph lauren comforter in rose and poppy and gold and dusty blue , and the baskets on the dresser twined with silk flowers .
the plastic was clouded with mist , but when jenny opened it , she saw an ethereal bunch of palest lemon miniature roses .
the roses had a pale gold shimmer unlike anything she 'd ever seen , and they smelled so sweet it almost made her giddy .
` ` yellow roses mean infidelity , you know , '' he said casually .
she put a hand to the cluster of miniature roses at her shoulder .
she wanted to tear the roses off , but her hands were shaking .
it was the rose he had given her in the erlking 's cavern , a shimmering half - open blossom , perfect down to the tiniest detail .
he zeroed in on the vase of roses he 'd bought yesterday .
back in the kitchen , he paused in front of the vase of roses .
the roses shook in his grasp , several petals falling and then catching in the breeze .
he leaned down and placed the roses next to her headstone .
i opened the cooler to her left and sniffed at a dozen roses , and then leaned over some carnations .
they were all lying there , zach with his blond ponytail streaming out behind him ( on a moss - green carpet worked with cabbage roses , but do n't think about that , do n't think about that now ) , summer with her light curls cradled protectively in her small arms , audrey with her french twist coming loose .
he was holding a rose - a white rose .
` ` anyway - it 's a beautiful rose , '' she said and stroked it against her cheek .
his touch was so delicate - he 'd disengaged her hand so gently from the rose .
... from the rose , jenny thought .
the sky was a blaze of rose and gold .
the little cedar - shingled cottages , with white picket fences covered with roses and wicker rocking chairs on the porch and geraniums hanging from the rafters , were pretty as picture postcards .
her cheeks were faintly flushed with rose , but it was natural color , not makeup .
` ` i would have brought some roses from the garden , but we used them all for purifying the skull . ''
i mean '' - cassie picked at random one of the things she did n't understand - ` ` how do you purify a skull with roses ? ''
` ` it 's flat and round and it has a sort of swirling spiral pattern in it , like a rose 's petals .
` ` you 'll give the rose back to diana ? ''
so it seemed quite natural to see summer 's own small face looking up , with cheeks like rain - washed roses and blinking , sleep - encrusted blue eyes .
snatching up the rose he 'd held , ashley congratulated herself on not sprinting after him .
her stomach clenched tight at the thought of his stepping into that room of tiny roses , ruffles and memories .
she teased her pointer finger along his mouth , the ocean breeze wafting the sweet smell from roses clinging to the arbor overhead .
sebastian plucked a rose from the trellis and grazed it along her cheek before tucking it behind her ear .
her fingers clutched around the bouquet of mango calla lilies with yellow roses .
phoebe thrust her bouquet of roses and lilies toward him and took the baby from ginger .
calla lilies and roses , no less .
phoebe blinked in surprise , stopping short of the wrought iron table set with linen , silver , roses and the warm glow of a candle protected from the ocean wind by a hurricane globe .
` ` remember the time we picked all the roses off the bushes ? ''
he turned on a lamp , his gaze dropping to the glass paperweight sealing off a dried rose and seashell .
` ` okay , standard red roses and a heart - shaped box of chocolates are all well and good , and certainly better than not doing anything .
hank held out a chair for her at her little table that had been transformed with silver , china and a single rose .
a candelabrum spiraled up from the table with a spray of roses and stephanotis trailing down the middle .
though it cost a small fortune and i had to take out a loan to do so , i presented her with the only paintings i ever bought on my own : two small picassos , one from the blue period and another from the rose .
` ` no pinks , roses , mauves . ''
he brought a bouquet of pink roses from behind his back .
draped in innocent white , she ascended - pretty and pale from the maw of dirt - clutching the bouquet like a bride her wedding roses .
she sniffed the roses , red as blood against her white dress .
a sleek black hornet crawled out from the delicate petals of a rose , but she looked nowhere but at him .
her smile was full , and somehow luminous , as the roses disgorged hornets .
hornets swarmed in buzzing black clouds until even the roses bled .
the roses probably even grew square petals .
he rounded the roses and jerked to a halt .
he pulled a massive bouquet of long - stemmed roses in every shade from the purest white to the deepest burgundy from behind his back and offered them to her .
` ` oh , it 's all wine and roses in the beginning , but then it 's over before you even have a chance to really know the guy . ''
he came back with a bottle of champagne in a bucket of ice , a vase of red roses , and a spread of food .
they 're just a bunch of doodles ; sketches of haunting eyes , black roses entwined by a bed of thorns , my name woven in an intricate pattern .
the cover of the book looks pretty girly , with a dried rose hung upside down , suspended over the title .
looking his gorgeous rock star self in light blue ripped jeans , a faded black stone roses ' i wan na be adored ' t - shirt , and the same converses he wore last night .
roses , peonies , lilies and gerberas , and some i do n't even recognise .
smoothing his hand over my stomach , he rests his cheek against my br**sts and starts to softly sing guns n ' roses ' ` ` do n't cry . ''
it 's amazing : pale pink roses with two dark pink roses pressed together in the middle .
it 's amazing : pale pink roses with two dark pink roses pressed together in the middle .
he 's wearing a dark grey suit exactly like my dad 's , except that jake 's tie is dark pink , just like the two roses in the middle of my bouquet .
an ancient mahogany table , brought here from the old country , held center stage in a big , windowless room papered in rose and burgundy .
the pretty little room , still wallpapered in roses and white baskets , held twin beds ruffled in pink bedding .
the four of them had n't agreed on a thing all week -- not the song that should be sung at the funeral , nor who should sing it , not what his headstone should look like , nor what color roses should drape the casket .
fragrant , saucer - sized pink roses hemmed her in on either side , made her feel a little bit like a princess in a fairy tale .
in the center of the table was a huge arrangement of white roses , white lilies , and greenery .
those tools would be ruined long before someone bothered to cut back the leggy roses and runaway blackberry bushes that covered the back half of the lot .
i thought we could hand out roses to all the couples who come in . ''
david stood on the sidewalk in front of her apartment , holding a bouquet of red roses .
lauren learned to cut radishes into roses and make gravy and arrange antipasti on a tray .
conlan stood behind her , holding a dozen pink roses .
a vase full of white roses was the centerpiece .
she was laughing again by the time the music started and maria herded everyone to the backyard , where a rented white arbor was entwined with hundreds of pink silk roses .
a single white rose was her bouquet .
it was crazy ... . angie handed lauren the rose and kept walking .
lauren stared down at the rose in disbelief .
all over town roses burst into fragrant bloom .
the two dozen red roses were pure david .
i sent her a dozen roses monday morning , hoping that would convince her .
red roses , expensive ones .
these were flower shop roses , top quality . ''
he 'd seemed cordial enough , and he had sent her the roses , which really were lovely .
` ` so , '' jason added after a few minutes , ` ` marriage is n't exactly a bed of roses , is it ? ''
the evening was lovely ; honeysuckle and roses scented the air .
i ca n't think of anyone else who got six dozen red roses for valentine 's day . ''
` ` you 're skin is such a gorgeous shade of ivory , with just the barest touch of rose .
torres walked up behind her , carrying a bunch of roses .
her breath caught in her throat as she stared at the hot pink roses .
` ` the roses were n't from you ? ''
cole made a choking sound as he looked at the hot pink roses in the too - sweet vase .
` ` you run across anything having to do with pink roses in your research ? ''
he leaned over and sniffed a rose .
` ` someone dropped an envelope in the mail slot with a hundred bucks in it , asking that the roses be delivered here yesterday afternoon . ''
i was to walk under the house and come through an archway of pink roses and white twinkling lights .
standing under the pergola covered in ivy and white roses on the sand between my house and the gulf i waited with the minister on one side and grant on the other side .
bethy appeared under the pink roses , which meant that blaire was waiting behind her .
let rose stay . ''
vases spilling over with crimson roses and delicate white lilies .
` ` i do n't know what to think of this new , responsible rose . ''
victor 's rose hung around my neck , and i 'd done a hasty blow - dry of my hair , leaving it down the way i knew dimitri liked it .
send the magic through me just as you did with rose . ''
mackenzie 's smile blossomed like a rose in the sun .
once every surface in the apartment proudly displayed at least two or three ostentatious bouquets of red , pink , yellow , and white roses , shepley and i were satisfied .
she 'd melted against him , opening for him like a rose to the sun 's first touch .
the moment she saw the piano sitting in the middle of the living room with a dozen red roses laying on top of it , she froze .
eva ran her fingers over the ivory keys then she reached over and picked up the small card i 'd left with the roses .
four hours later , luc pulled up in front of a little white house with climbing roses and southern charm in a residential side of lafayette , louisiana .
he would n't like it if she turned her back on him now - especially if the view included her skirt clinging very low on her h*ps and exposing the rose tattoo on her lower back .
the smell of roses and stargazer lilies filled the air , slightly cloying .
in trembling hands , she carried a small bouquet of baby red roses that matched her lipstick .
i wanted to hold a big bouquet of white roses , have a long train , and meet a man at the altar who 's crazy in love with me . ''
i ' ve got nothing against roses and champagne .
not much to joke about fighting crime on a federal level , but somewhere along the way , he 'd forgotten to stop and smell the roses .
her n**ples , soft and ful from the warmth of her bath , were the color of a rose .
the car kept coming , roses and forsythia tangled in the front bumper and multiple scrapes and gashes in the glossy black hood .
she really did love them , and they were so much more imaginative than roses .
kate walked through the entryway and into the living area , her suede boots sinking into rose - colored carpet so plush and soft it would make a perfectly fine surface for sleeping .
she 'd expected roses and lollipops and he 'd disabused her of that fantasy today .
` ` i come out smelling like a rose .
hang me like a dead rose preserve me and my petals wo n't fall until you touch them and i dissolve and i wrote her a poem back i am like a dead begonia hanging upside down because like a dead begonia i do n't give a fuck to which she replied not all flowers depend on light to grow so now maybe tonight i 'll inspire i thought his soil was gay but maybe there 's a chance i can get myself some play and get into his pants hopefully i 'll never have to read it or know about it or even think about it ever again .
he unzips the front pocket , digs around for a moment , and then pulls out a rose made entirely of green duct tape .
he held out a pair of silk roses .
` ` i have two roses for you , '' he said to meredith , his voice cracking .
he started toward her , still holding the two roses .
` ` two roses do i bring to thee . ''
and in his hand , two roses .
` ` i 'll stop and smell the roses . ''
` ` two roses , '' he said , scooping her into his arms .
she does n't know how hard one winter can be , how roses can freeze in an instant and fall to the ground , how girls can learn to hold fire in their pale white hands- '' ` ` that 's enough of the story , mom , '' meredith said , trying not to sound as pissed off as she was .
he made his barely clad assistant disappear , gave her paper roses that turned into white doves and flew away , and cut her in several pieces and then put her back together .
about princesses and boys who bring you roses . ''
he said something to her , a line about roses .
the yards were well tended ; the smell of roses was heavy in the air , sweetening the tang of the nearby sea .
roses are red , violets are blue , went to lunch with the girls , but i 'll come back and blow you .
he approaches , and there 's a moment where the setting sun is behind him and frames his body , the hues of rose and violet streaking the gray sky .
it 's a tasteful set of small red and white roses with a sprig of baby 's breath around it .
the heady scent of roses and caring fills the air around me .
mom looks at us like she 's asked whether we prefer pink roses or red roses , as if normal people ask whether hypothetical lesbians have a positioning preference .
mom looks at us like she 's asked whether we prefer pink roses or red roses , as if normal people ask whether hypothetical lesbians have a positioning preference .
that day is supposed to be carefully planned , with roses and good food and wine and a carefully manicured shannon .
i want to hang on to that for just a little longer , before mom starts booking reception halls and ordering roses dipped in dye that matches some obscure bra strap kate middleton wore at her third polo game with the future king .
she took the rose , pulling it to her nose to sniff but gave him a warning look , whispering , ` ` be careful what you say . ''
she tasted like chocolate and peppermint , smelled like roses and salt air , and felt like ... heaven .
men did n't really want to know the truth unless it was sunshine and roses .
her past was anything but sunshine and roses .
he lamented the loss of the rose .
the fragrant bouquet of hothouse roses , gardenias , lilacs and lush fertility swirled through her with every breath and conditioning exercise .
he set his weapon beside a potted topiary of miniature roses .
` ` i was n't going to get a rose or the cute little mouse they tried to sell me .
orchids , lilies , gardenias fluttered over her onto the puffy comforter , until finally he ended with crushed roses raining petals and perfume over her head , drifting and catching along every sensitized inch of her .
ethan buried his face in kelly 's soft hair , the scent of roses and their lovemaking wafting up , his only grounding in the present .
mari smoothed her hands down the shimmering red strapless dress , black swirls through the fabric giving the impression of phantom roses .
the way tony 's big hands managed the small buckles and shuffled the sleeping child onto his shoulder with such competence touched her heart as firmly as any hothouse full of roses .
she dipped her face into the crystal vase of lisianthus with blooms that resembled blue roses and softened the gray tones in the decor .
still , he continued until the rose caressed ... oh my .
lilah lingered by a waterford vase to sniff the lisianthus with blooms resembling blue roses that softened the gray tones in the decor .
the scent of roses from their bath filled the room , a much sweeter scent than those chlorine - tinted recollections .
he flung his tie aside and plucked a rose from the sterling silver vase beside the bathroom door .
persuading her would take a lot more savvy than sending a few dozen roses to her friends .
a black rose rested precisely in the cup holder .
malcolm strode past her to the sedan , looking first at the rose , then kneeling to peer under the car .
now , ask me again if i put the rose in your car ? ''
she weighed whether or not to tell him about the incident with the rose , but then given how fast he 'd heard about malcolm 's arrival , he would hear about the little ` ` gift '' in her car soon enough .
` ` a cheesy black rose left in my car . ''
` ` staying home with some criminal leaving dead roses in my car was n't particularly pleasant , either .
when he 'd overseen the renovations , he 'd just pointed to pictures in the landscaper 's book , but he 'd specifically requested climbing roses and lavender .
his slid his hand around a vase of fresh - cut roses on the bar .
her hand glided over his chest as she dipped to kiss him , a hint of rose - petal perfume still clinging to her skin with reminders of how they 'd made love in the spa for hours .
tears blurring her view of the two roses on the table , she started toward the french doors .
she backed away , pointing at his manager , now kneeling in a puddle of water , shattered glass and roses on the thick persian rug .
she rolled her chair back across the rose - colored persian carpet and presented him with an unfettered view of her green dress clinging to her pregnant belly .
not only did the sheets smell way too good to belong to a man , but the wallpaper , he discovered when he rolled over , was covered with roses , and a chandelier above him dripped ropes of crystal beads .
and dorsey , damn her evil little mind , had recommended a cosmopolitan which , in addition to being a lovely shade of rose , was pretty much straight liquor and might just cause someone who was tiny and perky , someone like , oh , say , desiree to pass out in the bathroom - or , as would be the case for her , the powder room - at some point during the evening .
she never would have guessed that adam darien was the kind of man who would bring a woman breakfast and roses in bed .
he eyed the delicate tea cups , rimmed in gold and painted with red and yellow roses , and he wondered if he would have to undergo hormone - replacement therapy if he picked one up in his bare hand .
only not an expensive mausoleum where joe dimaggio might send roses to a tragic blonde for all eternity , but a cut - rate mausoleum where people took their pets to be entombed .
mega roses . ''
he extended the roses again , and , almost helplessly , she took them from him .
his gaze trailed after caroline , who lifted the roses to her face again as she strode toward what he assumed must be the kitchen , skimming the soft blossoms against her cheek as she went .
she could trim the stems and treat the roaster like a massive rose bowl , and when she was finished , it would make for a lovely centerpiece .
for a long moment , they only gazed at each other in thoughtful silence , then caroline returned her attention to the pile of roses on her counter .
his hair was slicked back dramatically , as if he had just stepped from a fabulous forties film , and he had a white rose affixed to his lapel .
roses and lilac bushes would grow lush and fragrant around the perimeter of her house , morning glory would zigzag up the chimney and wisteria would drip from the eaves of the back porch .
by the time she signed the last available copy - and my , but the fragrance of the roses was mingling with the wisteria at the sight of the empty table - she was battling writer 's cramp and on the verge of exhaustion .
color him alarmist , but it did n't look like mason gavin was going to come out smelling like a bed of roses in this story .
she remembered her cozy little cottage in the suburbs , with its roses and wisteria and porch swing .
a small cottage in the suburbs , with wisteria and roses and a wicker swing , was worth way , way more than all of this .
even with a long - stemmed rose and mystery woman between them .
the rose , too , had begun to wilt , its petals blackening at their edges .
she knew almost nothing about him , save his name and the fact that he loved opera and good champagne and had bought a rose for someone earlier in the evening who- the rose .
she knew almost nothing about him , save his name and the fact that he loved opera and good champagne and had bought a rose for someone earlier in the evening who- the rose .
where was the rose now ?
involuntarily , she scanned the other tables in the club until she saw an empty one not far away with a rose and opera program lying atop it .
` ` i did buy the rose and order the drink for someone else , '' he said .
in spite of her relinquishing the subject , he added , ` ` i knew she would n't be coming tonight , but it felt strange not to buy the rose and order her a drink the way i always did before .
raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens are nice .
the following morning , kayla 's first sign that something was wrong was the large bouquet of red roses parked on her desk in her cubicle at the boston sentinel 's headquarters .
he nodded to the impressive arrangement of red roses .
the first thing that caught his eye in her living room was the bouquet of roses on an end table .
his roses .
` ` lace and white roses .
she bent her head to sniff the fragrance of roses mixed with lilies .
a dozen , long - stemmed white roses with reddish tips interspersed with lilacs .
the roses and lilacs are still blooming beautifully . ''
she handed her round bouquet of tightly packed roses to jade .
she dropped the bouquet of roses onto the bed .
the faint scent of roses hung in the air .
on their wedding night , he 'd kissed every inch of her , doing a leisurely survey , as she had lain on black satin sheets , the petals from the roses that he 'd hastily procured for their ceremony haphazardly scattered around them .
pia looked beautiful in her wedding gown , holding a tightly bunched bouquet of red roses .
` ` i believe hawk 's gardener has been experimenting to create hybrid roses , '' belinda remarked .
the scent of roses and other blooms hung around them in the warm , humid air .
the hostilities have lasted longer than the war of the roses . ''
it was funny what a train wreck looked like from one end of a church aisle , with yards of ivory satin on display and the mingled scents of lilies and roses in the june air .
` ` this would be a wonderful place to consult for roses to use in weddings .
once she put aside her bouquet of tightly - packed roses , he took her hand , claiming her .
` ` show me , '' he urged , planting a quick nip on the rose tattoo that always drew him .
` ` this rose has been driving me crazy ever since i first saw it . ''
brian was really nice to me for the next couple of weeks , bringing me a rose every day and he kept promising me that nothing like that would ever happen again , and i believed him .
in the center of each table was a gorgeous silver vase with two dozen white roses .
the next few weeks passed quickly and even though sebastian kept his distance , he sent me a rose with a note every week .
steam rose from the filled bath , and the scent of roses drifted to her nose .
the beautiful pink - and - white flowers were everywhere , mixed with roses , lilacs , carnations and delicate greenery .
candles burned all around him ; he stood there holding a single rose , looking unbelievably handsome in a sharp black tuxedo .
it will all come back to you - besides , we 're working with roses and it 's hard to mess up a bouquet with such a beautiful flower in it .
when he 'd walked in the week before , carrying roses , attempting to give her more attention , he 'd seen that she was n't choosy about where her attention came from .
you have to stop and smell the roses once in a while .
i ' m proud of you , as i always have been and always will be , but i want you to stop and smell the roses once in a while .
digging her hand shovel happily into the ground , she pulled at another root , hoping she 'd still be here to see the roses bloom next month .
no matter how beautiful roses were , they could cause a lot of pain .
he 'd flown her to denver for dinner last night , wining and dining her , complete with roses and champagne .
she held a bouquet of red and pink roses , and her hair was up .
she smelled like roses ... a small gasp near his right ear quickened his pulse .
her face turned a brilliant rose .