the two climbed out of the car and were immediately hit by the wafting smell of bacon , garlic and simmering onions , along with many other scents like sage serving as undertones .
` ` there 's some sage and a little lemon juice .
the browned butter had a sweet , nutty flavor that danced in step with the mushrooms and distinctive sage .
` ` i bet if you gave him this- '' rose walked to a display case and grabbed a sage green bottle , ` ` -and told him you 'd love if he wore it for you saturday night , he 'd smell heavenly . ''
the lemon verbena felt a little dry , and two containers of sage would have to be replaced soon .
had told her so much about sage , and for the first time , she was seeing the less than pleasant aspects .
avoid sage ?
her heartbeat slowly returned to normal even as she still shook with the force of the release she 'd found with sage .
and it was a strain pretending everything would be great to jenna - who wanted to drive up the mountain and kick sage .
colors of sage and lavender put her at ease .
a maid brings sage tea flavored with honey and warm brioches filled with foie gras and bacon curls .
the white sheers hanging there fluttered and swayed seductively in a soft wind and the scent of desert sage wafted into the room .
the wind slid into the room , and the scent of sage melded with the scent of their heated bodies and the bloom of sex .
determined not to look out the open window to see if his truck was back , charlie spread the sage green comforter over the bed .
he wore some cologne that stole the scent of sage leaves on a foggy day : dry , dusty , and clean .
the smell of sage and dry , morning fog surrounded me .
warm water , scented with lavender and sage , suspends my naked body , comforting me .
` ` i ' m still waitin ' for your sage advice , '' he said dryly .
` ` there 's no shortage of sage in wyoming , that 's for sure . ''
he 'd even had the florist use sage as the greenery .
the scent of lemon sage soap and steam and kade swirled around her until she was dizzy with want .
the aroma of barbecue smoke and the occasional whiff of the barnyard overpowered the ever - present scent of sage .
a gentle breeze stirred the persistent scent of sage as they set the swing in motion .
as she rinsed her hair , he lathered up a washcloth with lemon sage scented soap and began to wash her .
i ' m afraid the lavender and sage hand lotion is backordered until next month . ''
a gentle breeze wafted by , filled with the scents of sage and dirt , of horseflesh and water .
the aroma of sage , lemongrass and lavender greeted her .
breathing in a lungful of clean air , she knew she 'd miss the scent of sage and how scorching hot days were tempered into cool mountain nights .
the scent of jasmine and sage was strong in the air .
he has a distinct smell - sweet and fresh , like sage and lemongrass .
maybe i should suggest to moore to let me smudge the place with some sage or something .
' what about the sage ? '
the sensation was becoming unpleasant , painful even , as it worked its way between the layers of my skin , like some sort of fictional scarab beetle designed to disgust and my mind , usually so closely guarded , felt as though every wall had come crashing down ; every lock was being turned by key after key ... ' what actually are the sage ? '
the sage fascinated me .
a gasp as loud as a howling wind spread through the crowd and many dropped to their knees as sage appeared from nowhere , right sides encased in vibrant scars , swords in some of their hands , magic in others .
she muttered something to her friends about sage , and then begrudgingly gave me her order , demanding that half the dish be omitted .
the words on it were clear for all to see and each and every letter reminded me of why there were no sage in the area .
a new sage has started at school . ''
a convertible , four sage , and a flashy escort - not to mention the other athan , who would occasionally appear and sprint along beside us - was hardly inconspicuous .
we are lounging on the plush sage green couch in the living room .
i crawl into my bed , which is covered in a sage green floral - print comforter , just like the one in my bedroom at home .
` ` well , i wish i had some sage advice for you , young taylor , but alas , i do n't .
she tugged off her matching sapphire blue suede pumps and pulled on a pair of jeans and a sage green , tunic style sweater .
i yanked on jeans , a tight , black tee that said ` ` harley davidson motorcycles ' on the front in brown with a sage green horseshoe around the words and sparkly green sequins on the letters .
the mist neared , bringing with it the smell of warm , rich sage .
as before , she could hear the crash of waves from below and smell the faint hint of sage that filled the motionless air .
` ` no , i like the garlic - roasted chicken with sage stuffing . ''
only a group of seven or eight are lurking around , drinking and smoking , including sage .
she even showed us some patches of dill , sage , and other herbs that she picked and took back to the academy to use in the kitchen .
she nodded , feeling very sage now .
i shook my left hand , unfolding a mercer arboretum gift t - shirt , black with a sage green mercer logo on it .
jace 's scent like wild sage wrapped around her as she led him up onto the porch .
the ball gown for tonight was a cream and light sage green confection , the decolletage baring louisa 's shoulders , the satin of the bodice hugging her waist .
the underskirt was draped with cream lace , with a shimmering sage moire overskirt pulled back and puffed over a bustle .
heavy combinations of weed , garlic , and burning sage would keep all but the strongest spooks away .
` ` fennel , sage , lavender , absinthe , rosemary , yarrow , bloodroot , henbane- '' ` ` henbane ! ''
a sachet bag filled with rosemary , thyme , and sage was believed to be effective in attracting love .
she grew peppermint , sage , garlic , rue , and wood sorrel for healing ; mugwort , yarrow , and wormwood for divination .
but a sachet bag filled with rosemary , thyme , and sage is effective in attracting love .
` ` how 'd you get so sage ?
when claudine picked me up at my old house in the woods , i 'd had time to change from my merlotte 's outfit into some black jeans and a sage green twinset ( jcpenney on sale ) , since the night was chilly .
trout and sage immediately headed for the crowded tables , but kester asked with a sneer , ` ` why ?
finally the only child lingering in the room was sage .
he handed sage the pillowcases , then gave dayle a box of tapered candles and a globed candleholder .
she grabbed sage and hustled to the hole , ignoring the way her feet could n't seem to find the floor .
this time the wool and sage and lemons - from him and the nearby trees - was perfect and sweet .
of course all your better herbs were represented : you had your parsley , your sage , your rosemary , and several varieties of thyme , the lemon scented being my favorite .
* * * lucian ordered glenlivet neat , while claire chose a mojito with sage and honey , her favorite drink .
` ` a mojito , the best one your bar makes , preferably something with sage and honey .
a soothing voice spoke to him , about the wonderful meal she 'd just eaten of pasta and salad , then something about sage mojitos .
his scent , a beautiful , musky , sage fragrance , had already been heavy in the house , but at that moment clouds of sage had billowed toward her .
his scent , a beautiful , musky , sage fragrance , had already been heavy in the house , but at that moment clouds of sage had billowed toward her .
for parisa , medichi smelled of sage .
she took a deep breath and there it was , the one thing she could not experience when she voyeured antony : his sage scent .
she kept drifting until she took his breath into her body and all that sage traveled into her lungs .
let him suffocate her with his nearness , with his embrace , with his musky sage scent .
a heavy wave of sage rolled over her ; she had to step back to keep her balance .
the smell of sage was so thick in the air that she could taste it on her tongue .
i ca n't smell the shampoo anymore , just all this sage you keep shedding like a spice factory . ''
` ` all that sage , '' she murmured .
i can taste sage as though your scent flavors even your blood .
the house smelled sweetly of his rich sage mixed with leather and the musk of his skin .
as he groaned the room filled with sage .
` ` i ' m smelling sage , lots of it , '' she whispered .
she drew in a soft breath as sage surrounded her , pelted her , touched her in deep private places .
stop it with the sage .
a lovely rush of sage distracted her for a moment until thorne reached the end of the room , headed back , and met her gaze .
your skin smells of sage and something very male , she sent .
the truth was , the whole time he 'd been sitting up in bed , he 'd shed his sage like a spice grinder ; leaving his room had been a supreme act of will .
but then until she 'd caught medichi 's sage scent , never would she have thought to experience such terrible need from a spice reminiscent of poultry and thanksgiving , for god 's sake .
* * * parisa sucked in the dry mountain air , the resinous pine scent , and the sage that belonged to the man whose arms were still holding her from behind .
` ` you smell like sage . ''
she shivered in response because his sage scent swirled around her , licking at her body from her nose to her toes .
she pulled in deep draws , savoring the sage taste of him .
his sage scent , roughened with a note that was all male , sent more shivers over her body .
she tasted sage and earth , man and fire .
he smelled sooo good , sage and earth and man all in one .
a lot of sage . ''
she caught the scent of sweet sage everywhere and had to conclude that since this was medichi 's home , the sage smell must belong to him .
she caught the scent of sweet sage everywhere and had to conclude that since this was medichi 's home , the sage smell must belong to him .
she crossed to the arched doorway , and the smell of leather and sage drew her in .
but smelling that rich sage scent embedded in all this leather nearly sent her crumpling to the floor all over again .
the rich sage smell of the house rose up from one chair in particular .
` ` that sage scent you were smelling last night ? ''
` ` so you 're smelling sage ? ''
` ` you know , that sage smell is getting even stronger .
do you think this sage i ' m smelling belongs to him ? ''
warrior medichi smells like sage ? ''
he was so tall and so handsome and even at that distance a faint trace of sage touched the air .
but all she could do was pick at the sage and rosemary chicken breast , sauteed green beans , and garlic mashed potatoes .
she nodded , plopping onto the couch and hugging a velvet sage green pillow when jamie gave her a gentle push down .
` ` there 's homemade shampoo , and soap with bay geranium and another with orange sage , all locally grown , i ' m guessing .
` ` orange sage and your magic fingers . ''
he grabbed a plastic bottle with a homemade label- '' orange sage '' written in calligraphy with a piece of fruit drawn in the corner , signed jps , jocelyn pearson - stewart .
it was still furnished with her father 's queen anne bedroom furniture , but marnie had updated it a bit with a new terra - cotta matelasse spread and prints of flowering herbs and spices on the sage - colored walls .
she was n't sure she wanted to wake up to the reek of garlic and sage .
jubal , there 's sage ... '' ` ` got it , '' jubal said .
he lit the sage and walked the circle three times , cleansing the area as he chanted softly under his breath .
the three dragonseeker women cleansed the meadow , using long wands of sage , cedar , sweet grass , lavender and copal , walking clockwise .
the spicy sage and rosemary scent of corcellet 's renowned sausages did n't have to fight hard to be noticed above the other smells of patisserie or cigar smoke , although the sweet and overbearing gillyflower perfume of the whore who stumbled into voss gave it some competition .
notes of smoky vetiver ... clary sage ... and sweet ylang - ylang .
that will be followed by your main course of roasted lemon chicken with sage , thyme , and rosemary along with roasted root vegetables in a walnut dressing .
` ` i ' m here to talk to you about sydney sage . ''
` ` sydney katherine sage , '' he said , his green eyes full of love and earnestness .
the dusty scent of sage filled the air , superseded at once by the pungency of an onion , whacked in two with a casual swipe of the cleaver and tossed into the mixture .
mr . overholt had taken to avoiding me and my insatiable demands , locking himself in his cabin with a pomander of dried sage and hyssop tied round his neck to ward off plague .
he had a number of indian rangers , many of whom also esteemed him ; some of these came to the unburying with a medicine person ( i think it was a man but could n't be sure ; it was short and round and wore a bird mask ) , who incensed the remains heavily with burning sage and sweetgrass ( not much help in terms of olfaction , but the smoke did draw a gentle veil over the more horrid aspects of the situation ) and sang over him at some length .
i found a website that said if i placed st . johns wort , sage , and sweet flag in a sachet , lit candles , and said a poem about lemons , salt , and water i d be free of any curse .
they were smoking homemade cigarettes which seemed like a mixture of tobacco and sage of some type .
this prompted a giggle from five year old sage .
go get sage and charlie .
there was a stench of burning sage and something tart and heavy like gasoline , and he thought he saw a figure dragging something along the ground .
it 's dried corn with the last of the chicken i had the other day with some sage for seasoning .
that little shit must have called sage .
he could nt hold her weighty gaze and glanced to the potted plants and herbs at the base of the platform : mint and kale , tomatillos , garlic , lavender and the sage that he mistook as stevia .
the aroma of cinnamon and sage sat calmly on ravnos palate .
well , you re in for a pleasant surprise when jake makes his sage roasted duck with gooseberry sauce tonight , aria said with a smile .
she would not open this box and look at the wonder it contained in here ; she would go outside , where the air was clean and the only smells were sage and mesquite .
` ` red sandalwood and patchouli , vanilla beans , lavender twigs and sage and cinnamon leaves , whole nutmegs , garlic bulbs , cloves , and rosemary : everything you wanted and more . ''
an armadillo scuttled through the beams of the headlights fifty yards ahead , and the aroma of sage vied with adeline 's orchid scent .
the fillets are rolled in flour and sage , shallow fried , and served crisp on a thick bed of risotto , soaking in butter . ''
her hair had smelled of sage ; her lips tasted salty , yet sweet .
a crowd of officials had gathered outside the lab and levana sneered to think that they 'd intended to keep this from her when sage darnel , like linh cinder , was her problem to deal with , however it pleased her .
' that 's too much sage , pol , ' beltira protested when i dug my hand into one of his spice - pots .
in the spice locker they found peppercorns , cloves , and cinnamon , mustard seeds , coriander , sage and clary sage and parsley , blocks of salt .
in the spice locker they found peppercorns , cloves , and cinnamon , mustard seeds , coriander , sage and clary sage and parsley , blocks of salt .
the men fell into clusters of three or four , huddled against the bank or pressed against a rock or clump of sage , as if these minor protusions might offer protection .
but he had never done anything like what he prepared to do at that moment : crawl into a pack of wolves and challenge them for food , armed only with a torch of sage .
rather than lighting all of the sage now , he would carry most of the branches unlit , backup ammunition to be added to the torch as needed .
he grabbed the four sage branches from his right hand and added them to the burning branch in his left .
eyes fixed on the two wolves , glass set his torch to the sage .
the white wolf took one last look at the buffalo , the man , and the smoking sage , then he turned and loped after the others .
around him , smoke rose as the rain doused the sage .
` ` it 's sage and other herbs .
i sit in silence next to her until the sage from the smudge stick burns away completely .
she turns sideways to admire the light sage dress then looks back at me with a creased forehead .
he did nt care if the fragrant sage tickled his skin .
the paper flamed , throwing a smell into the air like burning sage or was itdevil 's spine .
the rosemary and sage should be ready to harvest soon , and i was going to acquire more pouches and glass containers in which to store them .
she found that her mind returned to reynald often as she spent the day in quiet labor , tending to the sage , dill , and lavender .
it was not that she was unhappy , she thought as she weeded through the sage , enjoying its fresh aroma .
it was wise to start with the children , he looked past her to where aiden was patching his injury back up , with the help of sage .
austin was reminded , yet again , that she did nt like sage .
he was the only familiar face in the crowd until she saw sage , spinning as she took down rioters .
in a bid to get briars attention , billy waved a hand at the sage and posed the question , so what s it do ?
... .talking burros , angry burros , curiously named desert mice , hungry burro eating desert monsters , zigzag mountain paths , kamikaze black birds , disappearing black birds , stupid dumb sage bushes and pig - headed kids , burtle stew ... . hmmm ... . burtle stew is yummy , gabby contributed .
they ve purified it with burning sage .
usually marisol does this with me , but mama really wants to know about sage .
when papa came home the first thing we did was tell him what happened in the bedroom with a few exclusions regarding sage and he just shook it off .
it must be sage .
its composed of sage , cedar , and sweetgrass , which will all be used to cleanse the house .
i then get a whiff of sage as someone fans the smoke .
he directs me to go around in a circle and pour it around sage and calista .
i m still healing from some of the wounds george gave me , so tonight i m going to bed early so i look rested when i see sage in the morning .
aliah closed his eyes and inhaled the sage and lemongrass scent that lingered around ava .
a flowy , nice sage green shirt sage is a color , right ?
a flowy , nice sage green shirt sage is a color , right ?
around them , the dusty and dry air of the area was mixed with a slight hint of sage , likely from a recent yet rare desert rain fall .
i thought we were going back to the compound , but sage stopped in front of a coffee shop on main street , the only main street in town .
inside , duncan and sage had n't done much better .
duncan and faizel were going to let him walk away if it meant getting sage back .
soldiers are standing in the doorway , a sea of blue helmets with sage and brown camouflage , with black jackets projecting their heartless bodies , their faces covered by gas masks .
the pouch was giving off a strong aroma of sage and mint .
can you smell the sage ?
smells of sage and dust whirled around her .
despite the smoking sage held in their hands releasing a strong soothing aroma , her fury remained .
i folded on the steps of my home and took in a deep breath of heat and burning sage .
kovola stood up and looked at the small steaming bowl sitting in front of sage .
thale and sage were silent .
bodies of men , elephants , tigers , and other strange beasts were strewn all along what the locals called the valley of sage .
how could they weaponize brice through sage ?
just the sage scripting and any of my related files were destroyed .
cheddar cheese soup , marinated ottomanelli 's quail broiled with fresh sage , sweet potato fritters and baby peas , homemade corn bread , and then , as a change of pace ( keep 'em off balance ) , an endive salad spiked with coriander .
she made some cornbread from scratch , her own concoction with sage , onions , black pepper , corn , and pork rinds .
diamonds and cole _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ a cole sage mystery micheal maxwell smashwords edition copyright 2013 micheal maxwell ebook formatting by robert swartwood this is a work of fiction .
that old sage charm ?
he had always been ready for the chase , sherlock sage , the games afoot and all that .
the potent smell of the sage flooded hawks nostrils .
again he smelled sage and heard the sound of dogs clawing on the fence closer to the building .
the smell of sage brush tickled and annoyed his disoriented senses .
the bottom of the cushion was covered in a sage green silky material .
the air was perfumed with wet sage and resonant of the jabbering animas river , which flowed behind the hotel .
the spice of wet sage in the breeze reminded him of cheap aftershave - his father .
did n't want to , but he could n't just leave the girl face up , naked and entangled in the sage .
did they know about the sage on the princess too ?
` ` where is sage , anyway ?
` ` sydney sage . ''
` ` miss sage , let me make sure i ' m following correctly .
i hear that 's big in the sage family . ''
` ` where are sydney and zoe sage ? ''
i laughed as i looked down at her cargo pants ; they were the exact same as mine , only khaki , not sage .
sophronia was wearing her new sage dress with the evening bodice and the fancy overskirt .
` ` one can grind it into a fine powder , mix it with two types of berries and sage .
several women took bundles of sage , lit them , and began to walk from back to front through the chamber , along the wall , chanting low , asking to cleanse and bless with only positive energy , reaching as high as possible and then crisscrossing the room as they repeated the chant .
the smoke drifted through the cavern and when they were done , they added the bundles of sage to the hot rocks lining the back wall .
now , braids of sweet grass and copal tree resin were added to the smoking sage on the hot rocks along with herbs so that the room surrounded them with the scents of nature .
gasping , she inhaled sage and sweet grass .
more sage and sweet grass was laid on the hot rocks .
the incense burning , the fragrance of sage and lavender blended with the aroma of candles .
sage was prevalent , and various plants to ward off evil .
syndil , shea and gabrielle burned sage and moved through the room , sweeping high and low , paying particular attention to every entrance .
she lit the pinon pine needle bundle and waved it over the entire area to purify and cleanse , mixing with the cleansing sage .
she could smell sage and lavender .
she smiled , her dusky shape in the shadow of the lamp going sage looking .
a second later , air ran past my nose , filled with the scent of pine , underlain with the richness of sage .
burn with hyssop , white sage , and devil 's shoestring to create a smoke that can be used in exorcising bad spirits .
damon pul ed himself together and gave sage a sudden bril iant smile .
he actually smelled quite nice - a mix of sage and sharp spice .
the air smells like sage , as well as oregano , and the black and white checkerboard floor has the witch 's mark painted in the middle .
the wind carried the clean pungent smell of sage .
` ` miss sage ? ''
` ` miss sage , '' she said .
` ` miss sage ...
` ` miss sage is quite well as you can see , '' said stanton dryly .
` ` sydney sage , '' he gasped .
` ` miss sage , this is unexpected .
if only he could find sage , al his problems would be solved .
but ... sage .
so , sometime after the sphere had been brought into the boardinghouse , sage had poured out almost exactly half the life force from the star bal and then , undoubtedly , left the rest behind for mutt or someone to cork .
` ` i wonder if he misses sage ?
` ` i miss sage , '' matt said indistinctly .
` ` oh , look , elena , it 's sage !
` ` he looked at sage .
` ` if i were as bad as shinichi , little redbird , you would already be punctured like an empty juice box - or i would be sitting back with sage , enjoying black magic - ` ` ` ` look , this is pointless , '' stefan said .
that was a thoughtful touch of sage 's .
elena could hear bonnie keening and sage roaring , and stefan , gentle stefan , shouting blasphemies and curses at the guardians .
bellowed sage .
shouted sage .
cried sage .
` ` do n't try to play sage with me , atlantean .
` ` the herb , sage , is known to repel negative energy and malicious spirits .
i breathed slowly , deeply , each intake spiced with exhaust and tar and the sage from the nearby foothills .
a large , simple bed with a polished headboard that still managed to pretend it was roughly cut from a random block of wood sat against one wall , supporting a soft mattress with white sheets , a small army of pillows , and a sage - colored bedspread .
` ` this , '' zen explained in a business - like tone , ` ` is an incense made from sage , juniper , and rosemary . ''
` ` i need dried sage , fresh sprigs of lavender , a bag of salt- sea salt , not iodized- and a pair of blue and purple candles- pillars , not tapers . ''
while i cast the circle and adam prepared to light the wicks , rhea gathered the bundle of dried sage .
i picked up a bundle of dried sage and lavender from the table .
` ` she moved away to grab the sage and some matches .
rhea lit the sage bundle and blew on it until its fragrant smoke billowed .
she then removed some candles , wooden matches , and bundles of sage .
the soothing scent of sage and lavender calmed my nerves .
she waved the sage over the ceremonial dagger .
drying chicken feet hung alongside bundles of sage and other herbs dried from long lines attached to the ceiling .
` ` it 's sage , '' tyler replied , squaring his shoulders .
burning sage might work as a sort of supernatural flamethrower against kramer , but the real goal was to not let him find us again .
` ` you keep some sage close by , too , and if helsing starts to screech , light it . ''
i 'd then had every bit of metal on me confiscated except my wedding ring , and had to argue for ten minutes before the new guards would let me bring in my packet of sage .
hopefully , the sage we had ready to burn would be enough to send kramer running for the nearest ley line if things went awry , but hope was n't a guarantee .
that was why chris had sage at the ready , and some was already smoldering in little ceramic pots in each rv , plus my mother was there , ready to heal any injuries if that were n't enough .
i grabbed some sage that we 'd stacked by the edge of the stream and stuffed it into my backpack , tyler following suit .
the rvs had sage lit in them , chris could n't see don to pass the message along , and my uncle was too new a ghost to withstand all the combined ingredients from the trap .
i reached for the sage in my pants only to have a dozen weapons level in my direction .
don stayed behind with chris and his crew , who were unharmed thanks to the sage burning in the rvs .
chapter twenty bones lunged for the sage and lighters on our nightstand , but the ghost crashed it over before he could get to it .
the lighter went flying across the room , the sage getting buried under the remains of the table .
denise 's brown hair flew around her as she charged in holding a wad of sage and a lighter .
she held on to the sage , but lighter was jolted from her hand at the impact of the frame crushing against her fingers .
` ` start burning sage outside the room , '' bones continued urgently .
` ` hurry up with that sage , '' i called out desperately .
we ducked under another barrage of silver , trying to make it to some sage lying on the far side of the demolished room .
he had lit sage overflowing both hands , but when he saw the dragon , he froze just like kramer had , his fanged mouth dropping open .
` ` do n't just stand there , throw the sage , '' bones ground out .
ian shook his head as if to clear it , then he threw the sage at the ghost , who howled as he finally tried to whoosh out of the way .
spade , too , was packing sage , and between the huge snapping dragon that kramer did n't seem to want to poltergeist through , and the two vampires throwing lighted greenery his way , kramer could n't dodge the flying plant missiles fast enough .
tyler peeked around spade 's bulk , more smoldering sage in his hands , to gape in disbelief at the dragon .
smoke filled the room from the many lit plants , combined with the carpet starting to smolder from the burning piles of sage thrown onto it .
soon all the fire was out , leaving only some sage burning on nonflammable surfaces , like twisted metal segments of the bed frame and the hunks of the bathroom countertop that had served as my and bones 's temporary shields .
he shrugged , seeming more concerned with making sure we had enough sage burning in safe places than in the disrepair of his house .
i went over to the ruined window , seeing him and elisabeth floating well outside the cloud of sage smoke drifting out .
the first thing i did even before letting my kitty out was start lighting sage and putting it on some of the many incense burners and glass jars we 'd acquired on our trip from st . louis to sioux city .
after all , they could n't burn sage in every room of their house for the rest of their lives .
at tyler 's nod , i stopped lighting sage and grabbed a silver knife , feeling my fangs pop out of their own accord .
why do n't you go back to lighting enough sage to make sure that ghostly sod gets a proper welcome if he pops up on us again ? ''
` ` you realize we might need more than sage if kramer overheard us talking last night about how we were planning to trap him , '' i stated .
even if we returned those women safe and sound to their homes on november 1 , with strict instructions to keep sage burning at all times , they had to leave sometime .
and if they do , that relentless inner voice continued to taunt , you 're going to need a helluva lot more than burning sage to save the day .
i went to the refrigerator and grabbed multiple packets of sage , handing them out to spade , denise , and bones .
charles , '' he said , as spade pulled up alongside us , ` ` stay here and keep some sage burning .
i 'll get some sage burning just in case . ''
chapter twenty - three bones was in front of me in a blink , holding two fistfuls of burning sage .
i held the woman with one arm and tried to reach for my own sage stash with the other , but then something heavy slammed into the back of my head hard enough to make me lose my balance .
i managed to free my arms from the tight wedge bones had us in enough to pull out some sage and light it .
i took aim and threw , using enough force that the sage went all the way across the room .
francine sat on the couch , a glass candle filled with smoldering sage in one hand and a mostly empty bottle of red wine in the other .
bones shot me a look that said my humor was wasted on this subject , handing me two glasses full of already smoldering sage .
both of us had more sage in our coats , plus the prerequisite lighters , but this time , we were n't waiting to flame up .
bones put down the burning sage to place his hand over the sleeping woman 's mouth , stifling her instant scream as that jolted her into awareness .
` ` she can wear mine , but you 're keeping that sage close . ''
i handed bones a few extra packets of sage and a couple lighters that he put into his pants pockets before picking up the lit containers again .
the car looked untouched , twin lanterns of sage still burning in the front cup holders and filling the interior with a light veil of smoke .
i did n't imagine either of them had had a decent sleep since kramer targeted them , but with sage burning on their nightstands , two pets capable of sounding a warning , and two vampires here to protect them - plus two more nearby - they were as safe as they were going to get .
i yanked some sage from my pants pockets and had it lit before bones came bursting back into the town house .
he demanded , holding a handful of burning sage aloft .
i did the same , dropping my sage into the nearest candle on the way out .
he said to bones , who still held two fistfuls of sage .
` ` now 's not the time for your trademark witticisms , cat- '' ` ` answer the bloody question , '' bones interrupted , still not dropping the sage but not coming any closer to don , either .
he 's duplicated everything you did at the cave , and your old house , smothering the compound in marijuana , garlic , and lit sage , not to mention infrared cameras and recorders .
` ` you tried to enter the house , then flew back because the sage burned you ? ''
i glanced over , mutely noting the two large handfuls of smoking sage he held out to me .
tyler was in the family room , a pile of burning sage on the tile and a fan aiming that smoke like a gatling gun at the doorway .
toward that end , we 'd spent last night in an abandoned meatpacking facility in the stockyards , keeping sage burning on the cold cement floor all evening .
` ` all you need to know , williams , is that we 'll be surrounding ourselves with burning sage until we catch this sod again or you ca n't locate her by concentrating , whichever comes first . ''
if you 'd been forthcoming with what you knew about madigan , it 's very likely we 'd have no need to keep sage lit around us because that ghost would be locked in a trap . ''
kramer could n't come inside , not with all the sage we kept burning in every room , but he made good use of everything in the near perimeter .
yes , we had burning sage , but that made kramer poof away - helpful when we wanted him gone , but not so much if we wanted to force him into a ghost jail .
when i got to the main entrance of the house , i picked up one of the glass jars filled with burning sage and ducked out of habit as soon as i opened the door .
` ` guten tag , '' i said , hefting the sage jar in salute .
but the sage that had tyler continually coughing kept kramer from entering the house .
i knocked it aside with one hand , the other still wrapped around the sage jar .
kramer roared , zooming up so close to me that the smoke from my jar of sage brushed him before he caught himself and pulled back .
it connected with a crunch that was so satisfying , i 'd swung another one before i could think , breaking the sage jar across his face because i still had it gripped in my other hand .
i backed up , hitting the doorframe in my haste , grabbing a handful of the smoking sage before kramer could go in for another blow .
ian strolled across the remains of the bean field , one hand grasped tight on my mother 's upper arm and the other holding a large wad of smoldering sage .
` ` francine got frightened by a noise and cut herself after squeezing a sage glass too hard , '' ian supplied .
bones took some sage out of his pockets and lit it .
so saying , i handed my sage to bones and ran right toward kramer , making sure to wave my arms so he 'd see i did n't carry any of that ghostly flamethrower anymore .
it was my turn to make sure all the sage stayed lit while everyone else slept .
kramer had been known to chuck branches or boards at sage jars to knock them over , trying either to burn us out or extinguish the repelling smoke .
oh , sure , i 'll come right over without getting any sage first , i thought .
i gave him the finger , then picked up two of the nearest jars of sage , deciding to go a few feet away from the door only because i wanted to give everyone else a few more moments of sleep .
they 'd take plenty of sage with them in case the ghost did more than trail them , but my money was on kramer 's trying to be sly and staying unseen .
bloody shoe prints showed that someone had come down the staircase and gone out the door , and i did n't smell any sage burning .
ian did n't wait , but went into the house with a brusque , ` ` get some sage lit before you follow . ''
tears making my gaze blurry , i grabbed a handful of the waterlogged sage i 'd kept in my pants and lit it , hurrying inside and then up the staircase carrying my smoking bundle .
none of the sage jars are overturned or disturbed .
even so , kramer 's presence seemed to loom in the house , mocking us from the scent of blood permeating through the closed bedroom door where denise had been shot to the jars of sage that we had to keep refilling and relighting .
i had n't brought any burning sage with me , but i did n't expect that kramer would have come here to attack me .
i held out my hands to show that they were empty of sage and stopped about twenty yards from him .
blue smoke rose in the air , and with it the scents of sage and sweetgrass .
the smell is extraordinary , like sage and autumn .
but i also figured i had some sage advice for you , woman , '' steve looked over me , his eyes trailing from my head to my waist , and back up ; a signature move that earned him his nickname .
` ` say something , b , '' i pleaded , hoping she would have sage advice for me .
beautifully cut chicken , tender and succulent , with crispy golden skin ; stuffing with sage and onion ; thick , sweet - smelling gravy ; cranberry sauce ; steamed vegetables and roast potatoes and plump sausages wrapped in bacon - a feast fit for the inquisitor .
inside of adessa 's herb 's and spice 's , the air smelled of sage and a few other spices that i could n't quite identify .
the scent of sage hit her nose in the muggy atmosphere , lifted by the musky scent of animal .
` ` do n't worry , we 'll burn sage , '' liz said .
ash and sage ignored me completely .
mab was still bent over sage , her expression unreadable , but her mulberry lips parted and mouthed a single word .
i 'd burn sage , embrace scientology , and wear one of those kabbalah bracelets if i thought it would do me any good .
then , she let out a small ooh of delight and pulled out a sage green sweaterdress .
a blond woman wearing a wireless headset and a sage sheath dress rushed over .
one of the serving girls has set a fragrant bundle of kitchen sage on the mantel .
the hunter sat with his friends at a table heaped with rich foods - wine - soaked cabbage and calf stuffed with quail eggs , greasy sausages and pickled sage .
it carries the scent of burning sage , a scent we associate with happy occasions , like marriage ceremonies and harvest festivals .
nor does the sage have any effect on the darkness , darkness so complete it sucks you under like a riptide , pressing the air out of your lungs and teasing nightmares from your imagination .
the sage does not keep me from seeing stone walls everywhere i look , rough and gouged surfaces , like meat clawed from an animal .
` ` i love the smell of sage , '' i say , breathing in deep .
the look on my face must be pretty appalled because he suddenly gives an uncomfortable cough and says quietly , ` ` sage does have a nice smell . ''
` ` red sandalwood and patchouli , vanilla beans , lavender twigs and sage and cinnamon leaves , whole nutmegs , garlic bulbs , cloves and rosemary - everything you wanted and more . ''
then he got out a map of the town and some red stickers and plotted out all the places where he had just missed the sage .
` ` i think i found a better combination - the mint might go down better than the sage , '' she said , holding up the glass of reddish liquid .
now jimi waved the lavender and sage in blue 's face .
she drew a handful of sage from her robes and laid it on my nightstand .
his breath smelled of garlic and sage .
allowing him no final words , ganondorf crushes the sage , snatching away the medallion of fire as the lava creeps closer than he d prefer .
exiting through the double glass doors , the desert heat and smell of sage pollen was totally new to him .
she will start to sway and hold a small piece of smoldering sage in her hand .
dusty green sage emphasized the sharper greens and reds of the cloth .
reeling away , clints heel caught in a clump of sage , and he slammed to his back .
carvalho counted himself lucky to survive the experience and avoid ending his days , stuffed with sage and onion , on some natives dinner table .
in a flurry of snow carried on the biting wind the men fell to their knees and in fear or reverence clasped their hands and uttered the ancient words , pater noster , qui est in coelis , sanctificator nomen tuum ... * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * the severed heads of quesada and mendoza were preserved with a lotion of sage and laurel to ensure their longevity as a warning to mutineers planning further mischief .
emma apologized that she did not have enough seasoning , no sage and no dill .
the priest completed his blessing ritual by smudging the elaborate cane with a piece of burning sage .
the sheriff felt a slight brush against his leg and his distorted vision filled with sage green calico .
three hindlegs were spit - roasted over raked- out embers , and the rest of the meat was diced or shredded to be stewed with sage , sow thistle and a mush of prickly pear heart .
then why was the smell of sage still so strong ?
she was then upwind of all her horses , and still the breeze was redolent of sage .
definitely the smell of sage was stronger .
she went on for another hundred yards ... horses , more than one , and the smell of sage had grown quite noticeable .
all they had had to do was trace the source of the strong smell of sage in the night air .
i smelled an overpowering fragrance of sage and pine needles , and recoiled for a moment with the intensity of it all shocking my senses .
i thought i saw in the bucket that sticks of sage and other herbs were floating around in the water .
yes dill is nice , but so are tarragon , sage , fennel , mint , parsley , chives ... and on simm went with the great enthusiasm that matched his body size .
he tried to relax himself by taking deep breaths , but the air was laced with her intoxicating perfume , like sage brush ground with cinnamon .
your idea of sage advice ?
she was a pretty strange lady now that i think back about it -- i remember the ceremony was in the water , with pieces of sage and ribbons and odd stuff floating around ... we were the only two people there , but she was super nice , and she sewed me a beautiful muslin shirt especially for the occasion .
hailey sage - brush stands bent over a table , jarring dried herbs .
his soul was heavy , old hands trembling as he broke pieces of white sage over the flames and whispered a prayer to creator , asking for protection , for forgiveness .
he picked up another sage leaf and tore it into tiny pieces , fingers aching with arthritis .
smoke speaker broke pieces of the sage with his gnarled fingers and said a prayer in his mind , then lifted the leaves to his nostrils and inhaled deeply before dropping them into the bowl .
feeling a bit foolish , ian did as he was told and mimicked the elders actions , tearing the sage into tiny pieces while saying a prayer .
smoke speaker took the bowl from him when he was finished , pulled a burning stick from the fire , and lit the sage .
he tossed his cane close to shore , then sprinkled bits of white sage over the water .
pieces of sage spun beneath the water around ians body , creating a furiously spinning vacuum as the cold fog swallowed the lake in a gray haze .
whisper sprinkled a handful of sage over the twice - dead corpse , whispering a prayer into his ears , tenderly touching the creatures brittle hair .
when he was finished , smoke speaker lit a bowl of white sage and said a prayer to creator , an offering to the sacred directions , forever ending the reign of the raven - eater .
the flavor of sage and pork bursts in his mouth .
she found the ville weeds easily and had noticed he was running out of sage so she decided to bring him an assortment of other herbs too .
amber rays from the setting sun kissed the majestic bergendal mountains , as the deep sapphire waters from the old sage ocean veined through them , like they had for millennia .
plums and sage and bunches of mint had been laid out for sale on the sides of the road and ragged children sat fanning the flies from piles of raw meat , calling out in pitiful wails as he passed .
all you have to do is mix up a bunch of herbs , burn some sage , and call it a day .
basha asked , as a vendor down the road called out parsley , sage , rosemary , thyme !
they gave up their spices , dispensing with fineries like basil , sage and chives , and sought solace in prayer and meditation .
crows feet are a no , and besides , do you really want , he took up an empty soap box from the trash and read the label , citrus sage , chemical filled whatever this trash is to dry out your pretty skin ?
he was deliberately baiting sage .
he clung to me with hands and arms , but his eyes were all for sage .
he watched the demi - fey as if he did n't trust him , or expected him to do something dangerous , or maybe he was just wondering what sage would taste like .
i had sunk back upon the pillows , my arm resting in my lap , but sage was still kneeling in my cupped palm .
the look on sage 's face was so unfriendly that i knew if niceven saw it , she would n't have been happy .
kitto was at my heels , and nicca , with sage on his shoulder , was n't far behind .
after sprinkling a powder of sage , bay , and mugwort - commonly used in divination spells - around the outer edge , i whispered the words that encapsulated my intent .
instead , i could only smell sage and saguaro , the crisp nip of air sweeping down from the mountains .
it smells like sage and something stronger ... something i ' ve smelt many times in ian 's studio .
then there was sage .
it was sage .
chapter eleven it was all sorts of interesting being squished in the back of a cab with sage and noelle .
mickey appraised her with disappointment but she refused to look at him and kept her eyes on sage instead .
it looked like robbie was going to pick sage , but sage was n't a dummy and volunteered that i stay with him .
i put down the drink and gave sage my full attention .
i looked up and saw sage and mickey 's head poking up .
i felt sage stiffen up next to me .
one round in the sack with sage and my mind was all over the place .
just like sage might have to do with robbie , i was going to have to sacrifice my relationship with mel in order to save her .
i pushed on the arm , trying to flip the person over , praying over and over again that it was n't sage .
` ` so what do we do with sage ? ''
i looked at the guys for confirmation but jacob was grinning like a madman , piloting the small fishing boat at breakneck speed and sage was coughing into his arm , his muscles tense .
this was the closest any man had been to me since i was back in california with sage .
i tried to erase the image of sage from my mind , tried to get myself to stop comparing ryan to him , or anyone to him .
but foolishly , somewhere deep inside , i felt like i still had another shot with sage .
sage ... sage is hot stuff .
` ` yes , i had to pick up sage and tricky .
max nodded at sage , smiling politely but not offering his hand , and followed jacob up the steps to the hotel .
he did care about sage , though , and his yellowy eyes bore into him as he slinked away .
` ` i ' m sorry about sage , '' jacob said .
` ` better for sage ? ''
jacob 's gaze went to the whiskey bottle , which sage had put on the ground .
the lights were completely off in the theater , and the place was absolutely humming with anticipation and the cries of the fans who were dying for sage , dying for the lights , dying for the music .
it was so much more than that - a visit from a dead loved one , only with sage at the vocals instead of robbie oliver .
it was raining now , and there were only a few smatterings of die - hard fans under umbrellas , waiting for a glimpse of sage .
go get sage , i told myself .
turn around , get out of the bathroom , and go get sage .
go get sage .
chapter eleven sage i felt like someone inserted a toothbrush into my brain and royally f**ked me with it .
i had max , i had jacob , and i had sage .
for the last couple of days , though , i 'd been so wrapped up with what was happening to me , too wrapped up in sage and the tour , that i 'd forgotten to call mel or my family .
` ` what about sage ?
i climbed in with sage in the bottom and tried to get some sleep despite jacob 's vibrating snores .
i just gave myself to him because it was sage and god , i loved that man .
chapter fifteen sage it all happened so f**king fast .
besides , i feel like we were a tad screwed over with the sage contract . ''
i figured that out , too , when the bones came crashing down on me , taking the image of sage away from my eyes and filling them with dust and bone and blackness .
chapter seventeen sage i had n't slept for three days , so when i saw the woman standing outside the hotel room window , lit up by the street lamp , i immediately thought of angeline .
the house smelled the same , lavender with a hint of sage , and looked the same - right down to the offensive chair in the living room .
she made me up a tonic to put into tea , a combination of local sage , leaves and other herbs .
i did as he said , hoping that a lungful of sage and whatever else it was would be as good for me as a cigarette .
' and then it went into the poultry merchant 's , grabbed mr terwillie , and ' - the man stopped , aware there was a lady present , even if she was making snorting noises while trying not to laugh , and continued in a mumble - ' made use of some sage and onion .
' poor old terwillie wo n't be able to look sage and onion in the face again , i reckon . '
i breathed deeper and got an aroma of wet sage .
' a few bay - leaves , some thyme and sage , will do c before the water boils , ' said sam .
still , he lingered beside her , so close she swore she could hear his heartbeat , smell his body , a musky blend of sage , cedar , and raw earth .
frost and sage were arguing in the hallway behind us .
frost wanted sage to take blood without using glamour , and sage wanted to use glamour .
` ` let sage taste frost '' - he hurried with the next words , because of the look of outrage on frost 's face - ` ` as he tasted me , a tiny lick , nothing else .
i had to admit that weeks of feeling sage 's glamour pour over my mind , my body , had made me curious .
sage stayed pressed to my wrist , like one of those old wooden carvings of the tiny fairies riding broomstraw , except my wrist was the whisk of a plant and his power did ride me , rode me like the wingless fey were supposed to ride the small flowering plants .
nicca writhed , climbing my body until his face almost touched sage 's leg .
he managed to maneuver himself over my body , between my legs , and he began to lower himself down , pushing through the vibrating heat of his own magic , shoving it into me and over sage .
the magic spilled out of us raw and wild , and sage burned in the middle of it .
i lowered my hands to touch sage 's hair .
nicca held me in front of his hips , helped the arch of my body , so that sage slid more easily into and out of my mouth .
before any of us could answer , sage marched to him , brushing past frost .
he watched both sage and nicca come forward and shrug out of their blankets as usna brought the folded cloaks .
i think nicca , kitto , and sage were actually still asleep ; their breathing was even and deep .
he lay on a blanket near our small campfire , the smell of burning sage hanging in the air .
he 'd left the robes and cloaks at home , wearing dark pants and a blousy , sage - colored shirt that looked only moderately out of place .
` ` we have to fumigate the chamber with sage and frankincense , '' she said .
they were surrounded the sweet smell of the sage .
they sang in the sage , sounding a bit like crickets , but far sweeter .
only the wind and the smell of the sage .
temeraire would have given a great deal for a delicious elephant , seasoned with a generous amount of pepper and perhaps some sage , but iskierka was never to be encouraged in anything whatsoever .
once inside , the smell of incense and sage hit me .
crushed rosemary and thyme , vervain and yarrow and lavender , garlic and sage and rue , mugwort and cinquefoil and hyssop .
agnes , as usual , was clad elegantly in the latest fashions from london , and on this day she was wearing a two piece sage green travelling costume , replete with a tightly fitted bodice and full leg of mutton sleeves .
he was wearing breeches and a doublet in a sage green camlet , quite pretty actually , with slashed sleeves and braiding down the buttoned front .
the beef had been followed by a dish of scots collops of pork ; then a young kid goat dressed in its own blood and thyme , with a pudding in its belly ; and next a sweet suckling pig in a sauce of brains , sage , and nutmeg mulled in claret wine .
i was anxious , not hungry , so some olives in wild sage oil and a cup of resinous wine were quite enough for me .
sitting up , she smiled grinned watching him setting out chicken infused with thyme and sage , king prawns in a light marie rose sauce , fresh lettuce with chopped tomatoes , cucumber and the scent of coriander .
a faint aroma of lavender and sage wafted from pot pouris scattered on small occasional tables .
did you bring the sage incense and the white candles ?
she added in a handful of dried sage and a dusting of salt .
she used the last of the sage , the remnants of the salt , and even the few , precious bits of rosemary shed been saving .
she 'd tied the sage leaves together in bunches , and lit them from a torch , and they were burning damply , smokily ; the dry scent of the plants mingled with the stink of burning .
that was what the sage was for ; he held it so close he singed the hair in his nostrils .
whatever the reason he first went to the temple , he 'd found a spy among the virgins , who had listened to her conversations with they both took feverfew for headaches , and lately , she had recommended tanaquil a cold sage infusion as a tonic ; but she could n't remember talking more generally about medicine .
i could smell burning sage and see a little trail of smoke going out behind her ( we are protected by white light !
i had an image of us pacing around with burning sage leaves , chanting .
i brought sage incense with menothing cures the air of cruelty better .
while you re at it , see if you can get sage outta bed , and tisky .
he pan - fried their meals along with basil , sage , parsley , horseradish , whatever he could find or grow to liven up the taste .
they were peaceful and left offerings of sage and pinon nuts . ''
two more trucks came ; one carrying a load of crucifixes , the other was loaded with white sage .
we light up the bundles of sage and the smoke should drive the ghosts to the elevators and staircases since they ca nt escape through glass or mirrors .
chapter 21 with richard on the west end of the hotel and carlos on the east , jim was in the basement when he lit the sage and the smoke entered the air .
jim hurried back up the stairs where he lit some more sage on the top step .
they set the remaining bundles of sage on fire and the smoldering bundles filled the ballroom with smoke .
i could burn some sage , clear this area out .
like the smell of burning sage .
ill not have you walking around burning sage and sprinkling salt .
the air that came in , smelling faintly of indian paintbrush and sage , was fresh and sweet - like heaven .
john dillinger had also been a survivor , the wiliest of the thirties desperadoes , but he had gone to the biograph theater with anna sage just the same .
the last of the man he had been went into the dry - wash and clinked into a dry clump of sage , where it would stay , he supposed , until the end of time .
for bobbi , who first smelled sage in new york .
the romantic dinner was a light , bistro - style dinner of oatmeal - crusted chicken , with tomatoes , mushrooms , and lemon sage cream sauce , which michelle would have made for edouard as part of their late - night tete - a - tay , as jock called it several times .
howell was now busily constructing another one to replace one of sage 's horrors on the no.4 moulding line which would , in due course improve the weekly works figures to his credit and at the same time please anderson by giving him more pins to stick into sage .
neither was sage because some bugger had put a large dollop of grease on the handle as a pisstake and he just had to carry on winding as best he could with the handle slipping all over the place .
it was an intense latticework of three - foot square panels , each painted in ivory with accents of olive and sage greens .
helpers danced around the circle fanning sprinkles of water over the bowed heads of the spectators and then other helpers came around as they did throughout the four days , with smudge pots and waved the sage and juniper smoke over and around the bodies of the people with brushes made of sage tied with red yarn and the people bent toward the fragrant , purifying smoke and waved it towards them with their own sage brushes and joe followed their actions and imitated their reverence without questioning it .
helpers danced around the circle fanning sprinkles of water over the bowed heads of the spectators and then other helpers came around as they did throughout the four days , with smudge pots and waved the sage and juniper smoke over and around the bodies of the people with brushes made of sage tied with red yarn and the people bent toward the fragrant , purifying smoke and waved it towards them with their own sage brushes and joe followed their actions and imitated their reverence without questioning it .
helpers danced around the circle fanning sprinkles of water over the bowed heads of the spectators and then other helpers came around as they did throughout the four days , with smudge pots and waved the sage and juniper smoke over and around the bodies of the people with brushes made of sage tied with red yarn and the people bent toward the fragrant , purifying smoke and waved it towards them with their own sage brushes and joe followed their actions and imitated their reverence without questioning it .
i then turned my face toward a zephyr sweeping across the western hills ; this air was perfumed with lilacs and sage .
number 1 had been a ricotta and spinach in a sage butter .
i was about to exhibit me in one spectacular '' minced green '' of avant - garde : basil , sage , mint , olives , rucola .
i use this white sage to clear the room of all its energies .
she lit the ends of the white sage on fire , and once it was burning , blew it out .
satisfied after covering me in smoke , she sat across from me and set the sage on a table next to her , still burning .
i tried to think of patrick , but the smell of the white sage kept assaulting my senses .
mother had this sage in her room , i said .
* * * they awoke early , bathed in the waterfall , and sage prepared a good breakfast .
pat and sage were ready and left before sunrise .
from this spot , joe and pat could hide on the rim and fire on the indians who would be chasing sage .
the indians were settling down for the night when pat and sage got to a place where they could see , although it was almost too dark .
they would recognize their horses and try to pick off the indians riding them , leaving their horses unattended for sage to pick up .
they had dismounted and were chasing sage on foot .
pat and joe had money from the sale of their firs , but since they were helping him , sage paid for everything .
looking at sage , he said , this young man invited us to a real party .
pat had been to the mine before and did nt go with sage and joe .
* * * joe picked up bonnie at the wagon camp early in the morning , and they had breakfast with sage and pat , at maggies .
joe and sage went over the charts , while the women talked about the wedding .
before his companions awoke , sage walked out into the hills and brought back three sage hens , and cooked them with the wild vegetables he gathered , and had breakfast ready when pat and juanita woke up .
chapter sixteen attack on juanita joe , bonnie , and her parents were already at maggies when sage and pat arrived .
looking at pat and sage , juanita said , perhaps we should escort them to the wagon camp .
vacca was maneuvering , trying to get sage into a position where he had the open mineshaft at his back .
lets get into that tunnel with sage , joe yelled , we can hold off an army from inside that mine .
at last , sage , joe , and juanita reached the hacienda and placed the bullion in the big house .
juanita looked at sage with concern .
juanita told sage about all the exciting things that had been happening .
juanita and sage waited for carlos while the men working on the wagon put the finishing touches to it .
joe called his prospective father - in - law , and they sat down with sage .
* * * the following morning , after breakfast , sage and juanita went to the wagon .
joe had no idea where sage and juanita were , and the light was fading fast .
he found a broad enough clearing between the sage clusters to pitch his sage - colored tent .
he had changed his clothes : no longer in vanerrincourtian white , blue , and green , but in black , with a medium - length burgundy - and - sage cape , one outlined in thin glinting flourishes of gold embroidery , and with what looked like silken streamers at its bottom , like feathers almost , in beautiful swirls of the same colors .
the book released a burst of silvery green smoke that smelled of lavender and sage .
lavender , lemon , sage and sandalwood filled channies nose .
on the opposite side of the river , the now famous baltic art gallery added a reminder of past industry alongside the glittering sage auditorium .
it contained sage , pipestone , tobacco , and her umbilical cord and was believed to keep the wearer safe from harm .
mine has black / gold dust , sage , tobacco , and my umbilical cord .
i have plenty of sage .
alex shifted his gaze from the house to abby and said in a dry , humorless voice , i think we need more sage .
jackie was involved with a difficult lady who insisted that the sage incense did not smell like sage .
jackie was involved with a difficult lady who insisted that the sage incense did not smell like sage .
sam stood near enough to the edge to peer down at it and took a deep breath of sage and pion , pungent from the afternoon rain .
once outside , i took a few deep breaths to help my nerves , smelling dust , desert sage , and pion smoke .
the sweet smell of sage permeated the lobby .
she broke their embrace , sliding down his body , running her tongue down the center of his well - defined chest , sweat and oil tingling exotically on the tip of her tongue , the scent of sage burning the fine hairs of her nostrils .
the combination of late night tv and the extra soft sage green cushions have lulled me to sleep more times than i can remember .
rose commented that she had nt seen gia in anything but jeans for a long time and took a picture of the two of them david in dark trousers and a sports jacket , gia in a sleeveless sage colored dress .
jane ann had brought a small bouquet of daisies , black - eyed susans , and russian sage from home and stuck them in a ball jar .
from the fire , she had taken the hot rocks and placed in the pit , along with sage and cedar for purification .
the air was deceptive , over - flowing with sage and other herbal scents as if i were in a verdant oasis .
chapter 2 sage i sat propped against soft pillows on my narrow bed , my laptop comfortably resting on my legs , and adjusted the lenses on my face .
i have sage , too .
chapter 16 sage i eyed teagan from across the room as she paced the narrow space between our beds .
normally i would tell her to burn sage around the place for cleansing , but in her case , there was nt anything to cleanse .
several accent rugs of sage green were scattered on the floor .
a sage green afgan was draped over the back of the chair .
the preacher 's wife was encased in a sage green suit and black suede pumps .
to curl up next to her while she made me some kind of hippy tea that contained i did n't want to know what , while i spilled my guts and she gave me some sage advice that was along the lines of sicing a voodoo witch on him .
and the way that he and marla were cheering with excitement , you 'd think they 'd won something better than a basket full of sage , garlic , and holy water .
` ` this is sage for smudging a room to drive the evil spirits out . ''
i was in the attic room with marla and jendan , burning sage .
jendan had told us it was a common practice among mediums ( something he 'd found out in a film he 'd been in ) and that you burned a bundle of sage just enough to make it smoke and then waved it around all corners of the room .
i blew out the smoking bundle of sage i held .
jendan grinned at us and blew out his sage bundle and then waved it through the air to make sure it was out .
maybe you need to get a sage stick and smudge yourself . ''
and a six - seater dining room table at its end by the floor to a - frame windows , also in knotty pine , with a big hurricane - lamp style glass candle holder at its center filled with sage green sand in which was stuck a fat , cream candle .
how on earth was i standing in my new sage green satin and taupe lace underwear in a bathroom in a marriott in indianapolis with tatum jackson ?
the scent of garlic and sage pulled her head up as firmly as if a hand lifted her .
chapter twenty - one the aroma of sage and something fruity wove through her dreams .
she checked the six cedar chests on the opposite wall , but the purified clothing inside smelled wonderful ; lavender , sage , cedar and smoke .
the smell of sage somehow drifted into the interior of the home , and calmed my over - active nerves .
twirling slightly , she delighted in the way the chiffon outer layer flowed all the way down to her sage heels .
she was also wearing sage green , but her dress was a completely different style .
its not complicated , but i have nt performed a lot of spells , and i do nt want to screw up , niall explained , setting a bundle of sage on the flames .
guardians of the earth , we call upon you ; elements of life , we request your assistance ; fire , water , earth , air , the corner stones of all magic , niall threw another bundle of sage on the flames .
joseph picked what he needed , and stood tall , crushing the dried plant with his hands , the wind dragging the smell of sage back and around them .
his hands released the crushed pieces of sage into the air , and then he dug his hands into the ground , finishing his spell with volume , and tossing his fistful of dirt .
you should have seen the hospital staff going crazy when he burned some sage and filled the room with smoke .
have any sage advice for the lovelorn ?
then tess thought of something any sage grouse around here ?
greta was most likely busy in the kitchen already , preparing the meal for this evening ; lamb with sage and roasted garlic , asparagus in a light hollandaise sauce , heavy cream upset charless stomach , roasted potatoes , apple strudel .
in fact , i 'd really like for you and the boys to stay with sage and sarah until i get back .
you know how useless sage is in the kitchen and your father and brothers are no help either .
carrie then lit a bundle of sage and began to wave it around the 7 - eleven store to clear the store of negative energy and spirits .
yea , you re probably right carrie agreed morosely as she set the burning bundle of sage into an ashtray .
its just that after ralph sage , you do nt need to explain .
there are banners with sage scrawled on them in paint , and one in the back that says f derek makes me giggle to myself .
out of his usual uniform of jeans and work boots , he wore a sage green golf shirt , light tan cotton slacks and leather loafers without socks .
he asked sage quickly , because he liked her and did nt want to keep her waiting .
every daynot always at the same time of day , and occasionally twicethe three of them gathered around the coffee table to try another piece of sage carrigan odells hand - crafted treasure .
the two older men at the next table are happily digging into juicy steaks with sage cream , sauted mushrooms and crispy pomme frites .
alice went to her desk , grabbed a sage colored bag , and said , lets go .
he followed her into a square herb garden , with gravel paths bisecting geometrical beds of fragrant lavender and sage and oregano .
the smells of turkey and sage , pumpkin pie and applesauce , that greeted her caused her to pause and inhale deeply .
she makes this incredible sage dressing for the turkey , and the scent of it fills the house . ''
anyway , i bought a dressy cardigan that i thought i could wear with my bridesmaid dress , but kiley said it was too ` ` frumpy '' and that it was the wrong shade of sage .
` ` i should have used more sage , '' dayne mumbled as simon kept babbling .
which was why his dad and his older sister , sage , were down at their stand selling fresh eggs , goat 's milk , honey , and his mother 's homemade jams .
mom smelled the sage from her herb garden right after sage was born .
before i knew it , i was buying bay and sage and basil .
mary jo entered the house and was greeted by the smell of roasting turkey and sage and apple pie .
the tantalizing aroma of baking turkey , sage and onions drifted through the house .
the turkey was moist and succulent , and the sage dressing was her finest ever , if she did say so herself .
` ` tonight 's special is an apple sage ginger mezcal smash for nine dollars . ''
` ` it 's mezcal tequila and simple syrup muddled with apple , sage and ginger . ''
` ` that was sydney sage , ' said lissa .
i do n't want so much as a sage stick or jar of salt left behind .
they exchanged a look , and she dug through her bags for the book she needed , a sage stick , matches , a clay dish , and a large container of salt .
she poured the salt in a circle around cain and lit the sage stick .
she laid the sage stick on the dish , allowing it to continue to burn , the thin ribbon of smoke curling upward .
she closed her eyes and breathed deeply , inhaling the scent of the sage , letting go , while her anchor held her steady .
the smoke curling off the sage stick grew thicker as it rose between them , and then , out of the smoke , came the shape of a raven .
she put the sage stick out in the clay dish and cain began to get up .
her reflection in his dark lenses looked back at her , and his cedar and sage scent teased her nose .
the sausage was frying up nicely and the faint scent of fennel and sage wafted through the kitchen .
a small turkey was roasting in the oven , stuffed with steve 's favorite sage dressing .
he picked it up , and thoughtfully drew it down the length of a cold sausage , which promptly split open , with an aromatic burst of sage and garlic .
at my direction , he took up the heavy jar of spices : the ground mixture of mace and marjoram , sage and pepper , parsley and thyme .
i happily breathed in that heady highland mix of heather , sage , and broom , spiced here and there with chimney smoke and the tang of fried herring , as i passed the scattered cottages .
` ` bit of sage , too , i think . ''
the subject of their earlier conversation lingered in her mind , and she returned to it , as she took a fresh handful of sage leaves for her mortar , bruising them carefully before putting them to steep .
110 man of blood i crumbled dry sage leaves in my hands , letting the gray - green flakes fall into the burning coals .
i had brought other herbs as well , but i knew that for the tuscarora , for the cherokee , and for the mohawk , sage was holy , the smoke of it cleansing .
the scent of sage and his favorite chicken dish filled the house .
shivering in memory of ice water baths , lyssa tucked her sage green chenille throw closer around her .
she had n't changed , only this time in a sage green apron .
these tools - clary sage , seeing stones , wearing clothing inside out , washing your face in a particular spring at sunrise , and so on- can not , however , be used to see through the more common glamours used by warlocks , demons , and shadowhunters .
the furniture has been in the family for generations - sage and cream oak , inlaid with carvings that decorate the edges .
they 'd all taken baths with fresh sage leaves ; laurel 's orders , for enhancing their psychic powers .
for spells , she needed all the proper tools : sage stick , herbs , candles , salt , etc .
the air was scented with sage .
if you have any sage words of feminine advice . ''
` ` it 's a roasted chicken made with wine , sage , garlic , balsamic - and so on .
` ` i can pick up some dried sage for the stuffing while i ' m at it , '' she said .
the scent reminded her a bit of sage .
the last a photo of her in her sage silk - and - lace shift with matching robe , kissing brandon 's cheek as they stood in the driveway before he left for work .
she 's quite sage .
he finished undressing her so that every inch of her could appreciate the softness of his sheets , which were pale green and had a masculine scent that reminded her of sage .
like she was going to light some sage and wave it around the house in the hopes of ' calming ' an angry spirit .
` ` or did burning the sage work ? ''
there 's sage in there . ''
beneath , she wore a charcoal - gray armani jacket and trousers , paired with a sage - colored shell she knew enhanced her green eyes .
when she opened her door , she discovered sage , one of the maids she 'd been introduced to , standing in the hall .