she had cried on his shoulder on more than one occasion but he 'd given her sage advice and helped her through it all .
` ` oh , lord , deliver me from this not - so - wise sage . ''
but emma understood and bit her lip , trying to come up with a plan to follow through on that very sage advice .
she asked , still trying to determine what was lurking behind darcy 's beautiful sage eyes .
` ` you need to apologize to rose before i do more than hit you on your shoulder , '' sage said , her eyes narrowing .
` ` you tell her , sage , '' sasha said , crossing his arms over his chest .
` ` you should n't feel bad about people helping you , '' sage said , thankfully misinterpreting her melancholy mood .
jemma leigh clarified with a smile and sage nodded .
` ` or me , '' sage volunteered .
and now that he had , sage was forced to live with the knowledge that now he would never have the chance to straighten things out between himself and the man who had raised him .
shooting him a hard look , sage shook his head .
` ` hope you 're right , '' sage muttered , uncomfortable seeing marlene in pain and knowing there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
` ` not surprising , '' sage remarked with a sardonic twist of his lips .
sage was n't expecting a damn thing for himself .
` ` he 's the one so hell - bent on marrying into the lassiter family , '' sage pointed out wryly .
dylan kept talking , now about his plans for the restaurant he was opening , but sage had stopped listening .
had n't exactly been on the best of terms , so sage did n't spend much time on big blue .
irritated to have been caught out , sage muttered , ` ` shut up . ''
glaring at his brother and ignoring the smile on the man 's face , sage grumbled , ` ` do n't you have something else to do ? ''
true to form , sage 's younger brother was almost impossible to insult .
frowning , sage said , ` ` not that it 's any of your business , but i get plenty of women . ''
as for sage , he liked his life just the way it was .
scraping one hand across his face , sage shifted in the uncomfortable chair .
the older man met sage 's gaze squarely .
an insulting question and he knew it , but sage did n't stop himself .
dylan jammed his elbow into sage 's side , but he did n't so much as flinch .
well , in mind , anyway , sage told himself .
a flicker of anger bristled inside him , and sage admitted silently that it sucked to be angry at a dead man , because you had no way of confronting him .
but as soon as he had the chance , sage promised himself a long talk with j.d .
the rest of the room chuckled with her , and even sage had to smile .
` ` my son sage lassiter- '' sage tensed for whatever was coming .
like oil and water , sage thought , he and j.d .
surprised and touched , sage snorted .
the old man had surprised him one last time , was all sage could think .
` ` you ca n't be serious , '' sage argued hotly , with a quick look at his sister 's shocked , ashen features .
` ` damn straight , '' sage agreed , glaring at the lawyer as if it were all his fault .
` ` well , somebody does , and i ' m going to find out what 's going on , '' sage promised , then snapped his gaze to the door .
she wanted to be long gone before sage left that room .
looking back on that night , she told herself she was being silly even thinking that sage might have been interested in her .
thanks to those chats , she knew that sage was ruthless in business , quiet , hardheaded and determined to make his own way rather than capitalize on the lassiter name .
and though that last part had irritated j.d . , she knew that he 'd also admired sage for it .
and now that reality had jumped up to slap her , she was forced to acknowledge that sage lassiter had probably planned to talk to her the night of the party for the same reason .
colleen 's mind was slowly working its way past the hormonal surge she 'd first felt when sage had walked up to her .
now , staring up into sage 's eyes , seeing the flash of accusation gleaming there , she had to wonder if others would be thinking the same thing .
there had to be conflicting emotions roiling inside him and maybe it was easier for sage to lash out at a stranger than to deal with what he must be feeling at the moment .
left to their own devices , sage and dylan had opted for drinks , and the chance to talk things over , just the two of them .
so the music was loud and country , blasting from a jukebox that was older than sage .
this was modern - day cheyenne , yet sage had the feeling quite a few people rode into town half expecting stagecoaches and more than just the staged gunfights in the streets .
` ` i do n't know , '' sage muttered , unnecessarily answering his brother 's rhetorical question .
dylan kept talking , but sage was n't really listening .
` ` hard not to , '' sage said , mentally dragging himself back to the conversation at hand .
evan had looked as though he 'd been hit in the head with a two - by - four , but once the shock eased , sage could n't imagine the man complaining about the inheritance .
but for now , their wedding was still postponed and after the will reading , sage had no idea how long that postponement was going to last .
as for himself , sage was still staggered by his bequest from j.d .
that was the one thing he and sage had always shared in common - the need to go it alone .
went against the grain admitting it now , because sage had spent so much of his life rebelling against j.d .
` ` i ... uh ... '' uncomfortable with the memory of his botched attempt at getting close to the woman , sage scrubbed one hand across the back of his neck .
no , sage told himself , he could n't risk thinking dylan was right .
not me , '' sage said with a half smile .
` ` all true , '' sage agreed .
and yet ... sage 's instincts told him she was exactly what she appeared to be .
and strange , was n't it , how her mind continually drifted back to thoughts of sage ?
she whirled around to face sage , who stood in the open doorway , one shoulder braced against the doorjamb .
colleen tried to imagine sage as an unhappy boy , escaping out a window to claim some independence .
honestly , she 'd been alone so long , was it really so surprising that a man like sage lassiter would tangle her up into knots without even trying ?
` ` you 're giving other people all the power here , '' sage said , drawing her attention away from her thoughts .
the difference was , sage was n't her patient .
walter drake steepled his fingers , leaned back in his leather chair and looked at sage with the barely hidden impatience he would have shown a five - year - old .
as for the rest ... '' sage jumped out of his chair and stalked to the far window .
and getting anything out of him would probably require dy***ite - or someone with far more patience than sage possessed .
` ` all right , '' sage said , ` ` never mind . ''
so how he could have cut her out of her rightful inheritance was beyond sage .
's my client , sage , dead or alive .
so if you 'll excuse me , i ' ve got business to take care of and- '' ` ` i ' m not done with this , walter , '' sage promised .
frustrated , sage conceded defeat .
at any other time , sage might have laughed at the beleaguered expression on the man 's face .
once out in the parking lot , sage hunched deeper into his black coat as a cold mountain wind pushed at him .
but hell , sage did n't know what he could do .
` ` angie , taking it out on evan is n't going to help , '' sage finally said and he caught a brief look of relief on evan 's face .
through all of his rebellion with j.d . , his aunt was there , talking him down , trying to build a bridge between sage and his adoptive father .
` ` you 're not helping , '' sage said .
though everything sage had said to her earlier kept replaying in her mind .
sage 's sister had picked this dress out for colleen and she 'd worn it the night sage had first noticed her .
sage 's sister had picked this dress out for colleen and she 'd worn it the night sage had first noticed her .
i was wearing it the night sage 's father collapsed and died .
` ` and for another thing , trust me when i say that when sage gets a look at you in this dress- '' jenna took a step back , swept her gaze up and down colleen and whistled ` ` -it wo n't be funerals that 'll spring to mind . ''
besides , she told herself , sage might not even remember that she was wearing this dress at the rehearsal dinner .
` ` really , i ' ve had all day to think about it , and you know , sage was right .
at the restaurant , sage was grateful for the clink of fine crystal and the murmured conversations that reminded him they were in a public place .
` ` food 's good , '' sage mused .
had talked about him as she said , then she knew sage owned a ranch in the high country , and why else would he do that if he did n't love the mountains ?
it was n't that sage did n't love his family , he did .
frowning now , sage saw that she might just have a point .
he 'd bent the world to his whim and pushed those around him into line - or in sage 's case , had tried to .
surprisingly , sage felt a twinge of sympathy for the old man rattle around inside him before he could stop it .
shaking his head now , sage reached for his wine and gulped it down as if it were water .
dragging herself away from thoughts of sage , colleen focused on what she 'd come to tell her mother .
six a few hours later , colleen sat across from sage in a local coffee shop .
hearing her talk about what she 'd done for her mother had stunned sage into silence himself .
since that first dinner had n't brought him any information , sage had made it his business to spend as much time with colleen as possible .
` ` why are you raining on my parade , sage ?
sage tore his gaze from hers and glanced around the coffee shop .
shaking his head grimly , sage noticed the number of strange faces among the crowd .
as for sage , he tried to stay on the mountain to avoid all of those people .
yes , sage was being a little authoritarian , but he had backed off quickly , too , had n't he ?
she was n't sure , but she had decided to simply enjoy this time with sage for as long as it lasted .
this is n't the frontier , sage .
` ` so , according to this website that is all gossip all the time , sage made his first million by investing in some thingamajig for computers that his college roommate invented . ''
from everything she 'd learned from j.d . , she knew that sage was n't interested in a real relationship .
this had seemed like such a good idea , having sage show her the mountains and how to avoid danger .
he looked impossibly handsome in a tux and was glaring at the camera even as the woman on his arm , last year 's oscar winner , beamed at the photographer as she draped herself against sage 's broad chest .
` ` i 'll see if sage can take me to look at them . ''
` ` we 're depending on sage a lot lately , are n't we ? ''
because she still could n't quite bring herself to believe that sage was actually interested in her .
but in that week , sage had spent a lot of time with colleen and when he was n't with her , she was filling his mind .
as that thought settled into his mind , sage took his first easy breath in a week .
frowning at the interruption , sage gave the horse one last pat and turned to look back at one of the cowboys who lived on his ranch .
grimacing tightly , sage muttered , ` ` okay , thanks . ''
was gone now , that made sage the head of the family - and he had to consider everyone 's inheritances , not just angie 's .
as much as it pained him , sage could n't make this any easier on the sister he loved .
an icy wind tore at sage 's hair as he walked toward his sister .
` ` you 're welcome here anytime , '' sage told her , mentally letting go of his plans for colleen - at least until his sister was on her way again .
since she was a little girl , sage had done everything he could to protect her .
` ` plenty of them to go around , '' sage said , giving her a squeeze .
but we 'll figure something out , '' sage said .
instantly , sage tamped down the internal fires raging through him .
she had n't expected to find sage 's sister here , too , but maybe that was a good thing .
all morning , colleen 's stomach had been twisting and turning in anticipation of her arrival here at sage 's ranch .
taking a deep breath , she looked up at sage .
obviously , that made sense , because she knew that sage bred and raised racehorses .
while sage and angie talked , their conversation veering from muted tones to half shouts , colleen wandered around the great room .
colleen saw the torment on sage 's face and when he reached for his sister , pulling her in tight and wrapping his arms around her , colleen felt a pang in her tender heart .
` ` okay , '' sage said , dropping a kiss on her forehead .
i ' m just here so sage can show me what life in the mountains is like .
` ` not here , here , '' colleen corrected with a fast glance at sage to see what his reaction was to his sister 's teasing .
she knew that there was nothing between colleen and sage .
i was hoping sage could show me where they are . ''
` ` ' bye , angie , '' sage said firmly .
` ` i ' m sure sage will show you everything you 'll ever need to know . ''
and with that loaded insinuation , she left , sage walking her out .
eight once his sister was gone , sage went back into the house and stopped in the doorway of the great room .
` ` for her , too , '' sage said wryly .
* * * ` ` this is ed jackson 's place , '' sage said as he steered colleen down the rocky path toward the small one - bedroom cabin .
when she lifted her head and looked up at him , sage felt the last of his control snap as completely as that rotted - out railing had .
heat slammed into him and sage surrendered to it .
lifting the bra up and out of his way , sage looked his fill of the full , luscious br**sts that he had n't been able to stop thinking about since the first night he 'd seen her in that red dress .
` ` ed 's not a stranger to me , '' sage whispered .
still looking up at her , sage reached out to brush those curls aside , clearing a path for his mouth , his tongue .
she 'd be happy here , forever , just like this , on the hard floor with sage 's muscular body covering hers .
` ` so , '' sage asked as he , too , got dressed , ` ` what do you think of the cabin ? ''
of feeling sage grab her , pull her in tight and then ... ` ` hey , colleen , '' he said softly .
besides , the silence was deafening and she had to wonder if sage was regretting what had happened .
* * * by the next morning , sage had convinced himself that he had overreacted to what had happened the day before .
there was bound to be trouble if reed was interested in lassiter media and sage just added that complication to the growing list in his mind .
disgusted with himself , sage tossed the hammer and nails into the bucket at his side , then sat back on his heels and stared up at the late - morning sky .
a hell of a thing , sage thought , when a man envied his dog .
` ` he 's so sweet , '' she said , throwing a quick look up at sage .
in spite of what he was feeling , sage choked out a laugh .
shrugging , sage said , ` ` when he was a pup , he kept running off into the forest , but he was always running right back .
nodding , sage continued on to the shed and sensed rather than heard her follow him .
died , sage had thought more about him than he had in years .
but sage could admit , at least to himself , that everything he 'd learned on the big blue had helped him run his own ranch better than he might have done otherwise .
shaking his head , sage looked back on it all now and could see that j.d .
he talked about you all so much ... '' sage 's ears perked up .
he used to go on and on about how you made your first million while you were in school , and how he 'd had to go to great lengths to convince you to stay at college when all you really wanted to do was build your own ranch- '' sage 's vision went red .
that she 'd made sage see his father as the caring , thoughtful , generous man she thought he was .
when he was old and tired and looking to find the fast track into heaven , '' sage finally said and had the small satisfaction of seeing her blink in surprise .
` ` well , then , he had a really selective memory , '' sage said flatly .
` ` oh , '' sage said on a sharp bark of laughter , ` ` j.d .
but just as the kiss was deepening , spiraling out of control , sage pulled back , looked down at her and muttered , ` ` damned if we 're going to be together in an old cabin and then in an equipment shed where any one of my cowboys could glance in the window for a peek . ''
but the question was , would she be able to live with the memories of what she and sage had done there once they were n't together anymore ?
when she heard sage 's voice , she followed the sound without even thinking about it .
` ` she was the closest to the old man and it 's entirely possible that she knows something she 's not even aware of , '' sage continued .
* * * panic roared into life in sage 's chest and had him bolting from his office , racing after her , determined to catch her .
despite what he 'd done to sage so many years ago , the old man had done the best he could by all of his children , and maybe sage was now willing to accept that .
had often said when sage was a kid .
when sage walked through the front door of big blue , he looked around and for the first time in years , he did n't cringe from the memories rushing toward him .
shaking his head , sage looked at his sister and tried not to see the unshed tears glittering in her eyes .
she would n't be able to live there , remembering the passion , the incredible sense of rightness that she 'd felt with sage so briefly .
to keep her too busy to think of sage and everything that might have been .
` ` linda , my housekeeper , '' sage was saying as she walked through the little cabin that was now as shiny as new pennies .
but sage had n't wanted to wait , and really , neither had she .
` ` you 're looking way too thoughtful for a bride , '' sage said , coming up behind her .
but then , sage was handsome in a black suit that was so elegantly cut he took her breath away .
` ` they ' ve changed the layout of the downstairs three times already , '' sage mused , humor evident in his tone .
` ` are you really positive , sage ?
` ` so , '' angelica said between sips of her coffee , ` ` i finally managed to get my brother sage to promise to come down off his mountain to attend the rehearsal dinner tomorrow night . ''
` ` sage is so stubborn it usually takes the two of us to make a dent . ''
she checked his pulse and as dylan and sage dropped to the other side of their father , she began cpr .
she stood up , with evan , sage and dylan flanking her in a protective half circle .
and , just so you know , i ' m a ninth level master sage , '' she told him with a proud lift of her chin .
she had the mind of a scholar , the heart of an innocent , and the wit of a sage .
with that bit of sage advice , he went off in search of gab and jess .
ferruccio gave him a sage nod .
thank you , jeb , for your sage and unasked - for observation .
with that , the moment of sage nikki passed as quickly as it had arrived , and the natural order was restored .
but in that moment , she knew that he was as much a part of this wyoming land as the soil and the sage .
he gave a sage nod .
talon was aghast at such a low , self - serving life - form trying to play sage with him .
` ` like he 's going to save us with his sage bullshit - the man do n't know shite about shit .
and with those sage words spoken , he vanished .
it was n't always easy to listen to those sage words and the sad truth was that she 'd never worn her purple dress again , or purple period .
` ` a decade older , and yet you speak like a sage ancient . ''
he felt a little like a bartender in a tv show , dispensing sage advice .
yet , here mage was , offering sage advice to help me .
i wished there were someone i could talk to about it all , a friend to listen and give sage advice .
he gave koldo another sage nod .
years ago , her father gave her sage advice .
i 'll work on my sage advice and figure on some sort of dear abby answer for you later , '' she said .
that 's your sage advice ?
and in my head i could hear my dad 's sage words , live a life that matters .
` ` where was this sage wisdom when you were telling me what a dick i was ? ''
there are always all sorts of producers and casting people buzzing around chris , '' she added with a sage nod , as if she were already the agent she 'd apparently been claiming .
meanwhile , i suggest we keep miss lee as sheltered as possible - there is no need for her to know of the other dimensions with all these prophecy rumours circulating among the sage .
i heard somebody suggest going to the sage , before another dismissed it .
someone - the sage , whoever that is - has made a mistake and a mistake is what my father needs .
it 's not as though i told her about the sage , is it ?
' the sage of athenea found their girl , ' i breathed and broke off in wonderment .
the sage have shut their borders so there is no way into the dimension and no way out .
the first is about the sage , the second about here , the third about the damned , and so on .
' and forgive me , lady sage , for i do not know your name . '
the sage .
' and the sage have the power to manipulate it . '
it is not something a normal young sage could master .
ahead , the two sage leapt elegantly from root to root , hardly touching the ground and never so much as brushing a single thorn nor leaf .
beneath that was a picture montage - the smiling faces of young sage , vampires and other , unrecognizable creatures stared up at me , all dressed in suits and dresses .
i contemplated its suggestion for a moment but decided i did n't have the courage to ask - i felt such a fool with the sage around .
he chucked a couple of them my way and gave the rest to the two sage .
i nestled further into the tree and stared up too , wondering whether , perhaps , with its strange , airy , even earthy language that the stars were more familiar than the first dimension and its even stranger inhabitants , the sage .
' her grandmother died alone so she could awaken the nine , leaving her the last sage of her family . '
kaspar 's eyes moved quickly between the beacon and the spot where the sage had just stood .
i was completely at the mercy of the sage and autumn rose .
neither do i pretend to understand the ways of the sage , nor how they wield the magic in their veins , but his perception was unnatural .
many say that he was murdered by the extermino to ensure the prophecy never became truly complete - a rumour i am inclined to believe : contanal was not an old man and the sage rarely ail .
the girl joined him and slowly , the other sage backed away from the vampires , but not by very far .
i did the same , just in time to see my limp body being carried inside by one of the sage .
he bowed and the two sage followed suit .
' if the sage had n't come at that moment i would have been your dinner , for christ 's sake ! '
' the sage 's orders were to take you back to athenea for your own protection . '
' we have enough men combined with the sage to secure the border .
' provided the sage keep any of lee 's accomplices away , it would not be hard to bring him here .
he was thirsty but most of the deer had fled to where the sage camped , drawn to their high - pitched laughs , which settled amongst the canopy .
the sage might move in harmony with nature , but they were not of this earth - no creature that could kill a man with one word was of this earth .
the sage , just thirty in total , would have taken out the rogues and slayers on the south side by now .
after a while , i figured that it must be when a slayer managed to evade the sage and slip across the border .
the sage would be working around towards the north side now , to meet eaglen near the village of low marshes , which was where my father was waiting .
' and he would n't dare touch you , not now you 're under the sage 's protection . '
i would suggest my study , but it is presently in use by the sage . '
yet just a few hours later , the guards notified us that two sage had entered the three mile border around varnley , and were headed towards varns ' point .
` ` before you arrived , she was telling me she 's never seen a sage , '' he explained in an undertone .
` ` you 're a sage , of course you can .
it did n't make sense , and something told me that their target had been a sage ... and i was the only sage for miles .
it did n't make sense , and something told me that their target had been a sage ... and i was the only sage for miles .
i am almost sixteen years old and a sage .
as a guardian , i have one purpose in life : to defend humans , namely the students of kable community college , against the extermino , a group of sage who do not follow the rule of our monarch and who commit such terrible acts their scars have turned to gray .
therefore , as a minor by human law , i am compelled to live with my parents in a sleepy seaside town on the south coast of devon , possibly the most sage - deprived place on earth .
my people , the sage , are feared , ridiculed , and held in awe by the humans of this dimension due to their self - administered wish to be ignorant of our culture .
the thing that means as a sage , i can be singled out and targeted ?
all sage bear them on their right side , and each sage 's scars are different , like a fingerprint , serving as a reminder of what we are , what we possess and what we wield .
all sage bear them on their right side , and each sage 's scars are different , like a fingerprint , serving as a reminder of what we are , what we possess and what we wield .
` ` except being myself is being a sage , and no one around here likes a sage . ''
` ` except being myself is being a sage , and no one around here likes a sage . ''
neither did it smell of blood , although only a sage would ever be able to detect that scent .
the damned had lived through years of genocide by the humans just because they used blood magic and there were hardly any of them left ; the elven fae suffered because of the climate change the humans were creating ; and we , the sage , were constantly having to negotiate other dark beings out of difficult situations because a diplomat had said something stupid .
they giggled and commented on his accent ; the fact he was a sage , and that they feared the sage , was forgotten .
they giggled and commented on his accent ; the fact he was a sage , and that they feared the sage , was forgotten .
but yes , fallon is joining us this year as another guardian to protect our school , and we should all feel very lucky to have two such powerful young sage keeping watch over us in these dangerous times . ''
` ` as autumn knows , any sage on the school campus are my responsibility .
` ` we live in the first dimension , and it is the domain of the sage .
` ` a new sage has started at school , '' i repeated .
` ` i do n't particularly like this life ; it 's near impossible for a sage to live around here , but i am content with it as long as i am out of the spotlight . ''
` ` and what is the first way any sage learns to utilize their magic ? ''
seeing , for the first time , a sage cast without a single word or movement was quite something - i could remember mirroring their awe as a child .
my father might have been born human , too , but he had been brought up a sage .
the lady sage waited for a reply , and when none came she let go of her boyfriend 's hand and leaned down - she towered over my short frame - and , to my utter astonishment , pecked me on each cheek .
there was a roar of laughter from the retreating back of his uncle , to which the youngest prince responded by blushing even deeper ; even his eyes tinged pink , which was unusual , as sage could mostly keep enough of a check on their eye color to prevent emotion showing .
he looked such a contrast with the other adult sage in the room , whose shirts were starched and crisp , fastened with gleaming cuff links and buttons , and completely and utterly not loose .
they were not a work of art , like a true sage 's scars .
if she is indeed correct and this nathaniel has been turned , then it would logically follow that he had a motive in wanting to become a sage .
you are apathetic toward the notion that you have killed a fellow sage .
it was the reason i was the only sage left in my family .
your grandmother felt marrying another sage would only inflame the situation , and took the time to work on coaxing him back .
the no - man's - land between the gates fell to an utter silence , good sage and bad sage separated by no more than iron and shield .
the no - man's - land between the gates fell to an utter silence , good sage and bad sage separated by no more than iron and shield .
do it , '' i instructed , knowing full well that he , like any other sage , could perform basic first aid .
on the two higher and lower passages , sage walked : servants in black - and - gold garb ; students in deep navy blue ; and noble people , gentry and councilors , in their finest , most extravagant outfits .
the counselor , a sage who could n't stop talking about how she had attended freud 's lectures , asked me about my childhood incessantly .
the speaker was a sage himself , a councilor i had never seen , let alone spoken to .
he glances around as if he were about to impart some sage wisdom passed down from the ages .
she says it so dreamily i suspect she might have a crush of her own on the blue - eyed sage .
` ` i ' ve placed a binding spirit around the vicinity should you try to travel your way out , or , heaven forbid , gage the blue eyed sage decides to teleport himself to your side .
cole drills into me with those sage green eyes that he hooks the girls with .
and jackie owens had for years been the ' burg 's resident sage .
god , now he was being a sage and he was good at that too .
he was being a sage again .
you have sage advice on how i should deal with the fact that my son , without my knowledge and against my wishes , has his photograph in a trashy magazine ?
nonetheless , i ' m not a parent so you 're correct , i do n't have any sage advice for this . ''
gazing at gordon as if he was a renown sage , elle nodded before she shared , ` ` i got caught up in cookie baking , ironing and hamburger meat and i forgot . ''
` ` darlin ' ... '' he started and i just knew he was going to impart some sage piece of wisdom on me that i could n't cope with , not then , not ever .
and the sage and the trickster , too - and i ' m remembering something about oedipus , but he could be creeping in from freud ?
it took a long moment before she at last gave a sage nod of her head .
in her typical sage and serene manner , vivienne said the words that sealed my fears .
with that sage reminder echoing in his head , smith took valentina 's bag from her clenched hands and put it down , then pulled out the chair for her .
this time there were no sage , protective inner voices to stop her from agreeing .
when had her sixteen - year - old become such a sage ?
gas pedal by sage the gemini comes on .
even brite did n't impart his sage wisdom on me today , he just left me to my own devices , which was nice , or possibly dangerous .
there 's these two guys from school , nolan and sage , who are looking ! ''
if sage and nolan go there , i might catch a ride with them . ''
i spot sage , his bright blue hair making him stand out like a bluebird in a sea of crows .
he has a joint in his hand and reeks of pot , but sage is known as the school pothead , so it 's no surprise .
then , i sink to the floor and very impatiently wait for sage to either come back , or hopefully ayden to return .
i fish it out , figuring it 's sage calling to see if i ' m on my way to band practice .
i ' m late for practice , and i know sage is going to be sending me nasty texts soon . ''
` ` nah , ayden does n't do that shit , '' sage tells her , leaning over to gather his drumsticks from off the floor .
i pluck my fingers across the strings , tuning the guitar while tuning sage out .
i reach back to open the window while sage drags a stool over to us .
lyric crosses her legs , and her gaze glides across sage 's facial piercings .
she pats my leg then rises to her feet when sage strolls back into the room .
i push sage 's hand back .
` ` he 's always late , '' sage intervenes , munching on the brownie .
i sternly point at sage .
` ` lyric , i think we should- '' sage clears his throat from behind us .
` ` because she 's our new singer , '' sage intervenes as he materializes from the back room with another brownie in his hand .
nolan asks , glancing from sage to ayden , then his gaze lands on me .
` ` i guess i ' m the only idiot out of the loop , then , '' sage mutters as he nibbles on the brownie .
` ` was sage just being nice and i ' m really not that good ? ''
whenever we practice she 's there , and sage is there staring at her .
` ` we should definitely have a talk with lyric 's dad , '' sage puts in his two cents as he puts away his guitar .
` ` we are good , '' sage presses , checking out her ass as she bends over to stick the microphone into a bottom shelf cupboard .
` ` phoebe and sage have n't been anywhere near wyoming , '' i said , allowing the others to smell the truth in my words .
` ` well , '' devon said , tapping his chin thoughtfully , ` ` i believe that phoebe is in minnesota , and sage is running the border in iowa , and jackson was just telling me that he 'd always wanted to see missouri ... . '' the plan had never been just to take north dakota from shay .
` ` jackson and sage have n't said a word since they got here .
` ` if maddy , lake , phoebe , and sage take the perimeter , then the psychics will have to work their way back to the rest of us with less than lethal force .
` ` sage 's family lives there .
` ` amelia netley , aka maureen sage , does n't have any problem with taking a few risks . ''
` ` it was developed at frey - salter under the direction of dr . maureen sage , aka amelia netley .
it was simple and reasonably straightforward : while employed at frey - salter , inc . , dr . amelia netley , using the name maureen sage , had engaged in high - level corporate espionage .
she knew that if he turned over enough rocks , he might figure out the connection to one maureen sage . ''
alice gave her a sage nod .
they did that , solicitors , gave a dry cough that preceded sage advice .
i did n't need any sage advice on honesty and i definitely did n't need any from dostoyevsky .
monty 's face might have been youthful , but sometimes the way he talked made him seem like an old sage or something .
` ` you 're pretty sage for a guy who got a glass of water poured over his head . ''
he sounded like a sage , but really it 's just the way he viewed things .
remembering kevin 's sage words about beer and wine being considered mighty fine , i unscrewed the cap off a bottle of boone 's farm strawberry hill and started guzzling .
then there 's talon , who 's in junior high , and our adopted twins - our son , sage , and daughter , nalia- just turned six .
the youngest girl was sage .
she started to bend down to pick up the ribbons , but sage scooped them up and handed them to her .
` ` weca n't just leave her , '' sage said .
` ` what 's with the sage ? ''
just like that the sage receded .
she had an excellent father as well , a revered troll considered by many to be a sage .
kathleen 's sage nod said it all .
i could have used those sage words of advice five minutes ago .
she treated molly to a sage smile .
there was n't much sage advice floating around . ''
i nod , accepting his sage advice .
all attempts at locating jared sage had proven unsuccessful .
i ' m rooming with the sydney sage of re - education .
she became the sydney sage i 'd first met : efficient , strong , competent .
after meeting zoe , i could n't even begin to say what the third sage sister was like , though i had formed vague ideas of someone quiet and meek , knowing what i did about how carly would n't report keith or let sydney do it either .
and i ' m not allowed to actually do business with your kind until i- '' ` ` it 's about carly sage , '' i interrupted .
` ` i ' ve said it before , and i 'll say it again : you 're a genius , sage .
he stayed sitting , and judging from his proximity to zoe , it looked like he 'd shifted his affections from one sage sister to another .
` ` sydney sage 's fate is n't in your hands .
` ` mr . sage , '' he said calmly .
so help me , my own father stepped forward now , and judging from his expression , it was a wonder he had n't been right there to argue with jared sage .
` ` be careful , sage .
sydney asked , directing her attention to the youngest sage sister .
zoe gave sydney one last glance and then reluctantly followed jared sage to where some alchemists were monitoring communications from the team raiding the warriors ' compound .
will he see simply the wide sage eyes rimmed with dark lashes and ringed in smoky shadow ?
and then , maybe one day ... '' ` ` that 's some awfully sage advice from a pretty young thing like you , drogheda .
it is a room of past things and the past , in her sage opinion , should be visited as seldom as possible .
courtesy of the grasshopper sage , who has been very helpful , regarding all of this pearly gate claptrap .
gabriel leaned forward , holding his cheat - sheet with adages of wisdom , courtesy of the grasshopper sage , at the ready .
i must send a yakmail to the grasshopper sage right away , and thank him for all his saintly help .
but where shall we find such a miraculous sage ?
minos whistled and we all gave a sage nod or two .
what was expected from the two in return remained unexplained , but charlie and sage acted as though they 'd won big .
the soldier seemed to catch himself just as sage snatched it and pressed it into the boy 's hand .
when cole did n't move , sage grabbed him by the arm .
down to the living room the two clambered and lounged with sage , charlie , and julian .
today you can go up there , but the only condition is you got ta take sage and charlie with you , and you have to share with them .
liberty wondered out loud , meaning sage , julian , and charlie .
a laugh from inside told joe what krieger thought of his sage advice .
without morjar , with whom he talked and from whom he received calm , sage counsel , bethel was bereft .
agistino was at sixteen a journeyman made , his master 's daughter he married , for his talents were sage .
the mage and the sage eventually team up with orris , an antrim soldier , to seek an audience with the antrim king .
still unsuccessful , the two elves alternated efforts to wake the man zael called the sage , who reached out an arm as if to brush away a pesky fly .
the tall man , nevin reasoner , was either sage or mage or possibly both .
sir nevin does not claim to be a mage at all , but he is a sage , one with vast knowledge and insight unlike any i have met .
is there such a thing as a stupid sage !
* * * the mage and sage sat at the table in the hut outside huxley where they made their deliverance from hempstead .
so enthralled was henty by this sage that she did nt even look to see if the fist was uncovered or wonder how he knew she was the runner .
third thought this was customary and tried to appear sage .
an elderly man sitting on a mat under the shade , a wise man and tutor who had once lived in the nearby palace of the per - ao , was telling his usual stories of the kings and of far away places to a group of children who had gathered at his feet , when suddenly one of the children asked where the great sages had come from .
are you a sage ?
no , not exactly a sage , but i do know of atlantis .
diraovedas , slight - boned but fast , fast like a shadow , seer and sage , historian of his people , had been far more noble a man than she had ever thought could exist .
chapter 2 the elder sage pulled him aside in the foyer of the temple academy .
the sage nodded somewhat impatiently .
despite the muffling effect of the ritual drapery in the foyer , the soft whispers of the elder sage echoed like an earthquake in jesses mind .
when he showed it to the elder sage , the old man nearly suffered a heart attack .
jesse was crushed by a huge burden of guilt , and the words the sage wheezed out while clutching his bosom only made him feel worse .
jesse would have died at that very moment , but waited lest he abandon the sage who was struggling to retain his own breath of life .
the sage appeared to recover a bit , driven by righteous indignation alone .
the sage held his face in hands for a long moment of silent weeping , tears now leaking out through his fingers .
chapter 13 it was all too much for the elder sage .
the elder sage felt the full weight of guilt on himself ; he had failed .
smiling , sage teon was leaning into his video camera eagerly .
they 're off celebrating anyways , '' sage said .
a few names she recognized , but a few she did nt - and so she began searching on each of the unknowns to see where else they- ` ` lyssa , '' sage whined .
` ` no , no , no , '' sage said , sitting back .
` ` oh come on , '' sage said , trying to salvage the situation .
` ` oh , '' sage swallowed .
` ` well , i mean , '' sage shrugged .
` ` yeah , but you were on taurons crew for eight of those years , '' sage said , tiredly .
` ` if i could change dissidents mind , you know i would have done it by now , '' sage said , gently .
` ` ouch , '' sage winced .
` ` look , the offer is still open , '' sage said , folding his hands behind his head .
` ` well then , '' sage sighed , tired of the conversation .
` ` bye lyss , '' sage smiled sweetly before ending the call .
it was nt fair that sage had everything handed to him , and she had to practically beg on bended knee .
or not answering calls from sage teon .
to her utter dismay , sage teon was next in line to talk to the man at the window , who would take the captured pirate and pay the bounty hunter .
he was one of the first pirates that sage had hired on his crew , and his closest friend .
` ` idrather '' sage said , suddenly looking nervous and like he d rather continue walking out the door .
` ` ganon , i really do nt think- '' sage laughed , trying very hard to get his friend and crew member to get the hint .
razia screamed , whirling around to face sage , who was already in reactive mode with his hands up in fear .
razia retorted , before sage could say anything .
before razia could respond , sage chimed in with an unhelpful , ` ` leave her alone , relleck .
` ` you sure shut him up , '' sage grinned .
` ` first you got me in trouble with dissident by blabbing about me hunting guys i m not supposed to , and then you capture my bounty , then you go and tell relleck that i m on probation- '' ` ` hey , i was just trying to get dissident off your back by telling him how good you are- '' sage tried , but razia was nt listening .
` ` you spend all this time focusing on sage teon - who , by the way , is a terrible pirate and an even worse bounty hunter - and you do nt even realize that you ve got the next tauron ball right here- '' ` ` you think you re half as good as tauron was ? ''
` ` so i heard from a little bird that you ' ve got a hot bounty , '' sage smiled .
` ` well if you were having any luck finding him , i assume you 'd have found him by now , '' sage smiled .
` ` okay , okay , '' sage smiled .
` ` now , see , that 's not what he told you , '' sage sighed .
` ` harms said he was a transporter , '' sage said .
` ` i ' m serious , '' sage said .
` ` look , '' sage sighed .
` ` not just old , '' sage said , looking as if he was hinting at something .
` ` so you ve got an old , paranoid pirate , '' sage nodded .
` ` god in levemans vortex , '' sage rolled his eyes .
` ` yeeeees , '' sage smiled , nodding at her .
` ` so if i were to find maybe the top 100 with their on - time percentages - cross - check to see which ones had filed insurance claims and see if any of them hadnt- '' ` ` you re welcome , '' sage smiled .
` ` yeah and by that time , you would have been coming to me , begging me to hire you on my crew , '' sage said .
` ` you are messy , and kind of mean , '' sage shrugged .
` ` okay , yeah , when i was thirteen , '' sage said , pouting .
` ` well annber said they were gorgeous , '' sage muttered .
` ` girl i met at eamons , '' sage said .
` ` no shit , '' sage said , in awe of her .
she had been going back and forth in her mind , wondering if there was anything she could possibly do to remain in the pirate web - even so far as taking sage up on his offer .
` ` i can get you someone better - sage teon ! ''
you know , not since sage teon has a bounty shot up that fast .
she tried not to smile - it would be nice to turn in sage and get him back for all the grief he gave her .
` ` ... that was uncalled for , '' sage said , eyes shut , lying on the floor .
` ` thought i would pop in for a drink , '' sage said , motioning to the barkeep .
because , you know , there are a billion places to get water - and you stopped here- '' ` ` pretty genius move , kidnapping your own brother , '' sage said , quietly , but loud enough to cause razia to quickly forget her suspicion and look around nervously .
` ` oh relax , '' sage smirked , always enjoying when she got her hackles up .
` ` sounds to me like he was at the right place , '' sage said .
` ` oh please , '' sage said , tossing her a dirty look .
` ` well , lyss , go get your bounty , '' sage joked , giving her a nervous look .
she ducked before it hit her , instead catching sage flat on the face , sending him flying .
` ` so you can thank me for that one actually , '' sage interrupted from the ground where he had been laying ever since jamus sent him there .
` ` i saw this kid yesterday , '' sage sniffed , getting to his feet slowly and cupping his nose .
` ` obviously , i knew who he was , '' sage smiled .
` ` eh , '' sage shrugged before grinning again , slyly .
` ` so , '' sage said , changing the subject happily .
` ` have fun with that '' sage said , patting her on the back .
` ` except sage teon , '' razia mumbled .
` ` well , i ' m tired of dissident bitching at me , '' sage said .
` ` so i figured , '' sage said , ignoring her comment and turning to look at the room in front of them .
` ` what are the parameters of this ' fighting ' situation anyways , '' sage teased .
` ` good , i ' m totally going after needler , '' sage cackled , nudging her again .
` ` that is just adorable , '' sage cooed .
i wonder what your big brother would say '' ` ` oh yeah , '' razia said , turning to punch sage hard in the shoulder .
` ` all right , so i ca n't capture needler , '' sage laughed .
razia immediately forgot about murdering sage when she followed his gaze and saw needler sitting in the corner .
` ` har har har , '' sage laughed , sardonically .
` ` eh , '' sage shrugged , looking at his bounty profile .
` ` well , now we 're older and bigger , '' sage said , before looking her up and down .
she and sage had turned in their bounties at the exact same time - how come his had already been updated and his bounty had jumped two slots ?
furiously , razia looked past relleck to see sage standing in the alleyway .
` ` i should have known that wherever razia is , sage teon is nt too far behind . ''
relleck and sage stared at each other for a minute , until relleck sniffed and grabbed his jacket from one of his goons .
once they were around the corner , sage dropped his icy glare and swooped over to razia .
` ` you really are nt , you 're bleeding , '' sage said , reaching out again .
` ` as much as you d like to think otherwise , you are not invincible , '' sage continued softer , obviously trying to temper his anger .
` ` i was nt trying- '' ` ` lyss , he s the number one bounty in the universe , '' sage said , throwing up his hands .
` ` you know , sometimes i wonder , '' sage continued , his voice rising again .
finally , sage threw up his hands , letting out a loud cry of frustration .
razia watched as sage and his crew walked away .
` ` your search results , and sage called and '' vel started before razia turned to glare daggers at him .
` ` aaaand sage did come to save you- '' ` ` he did not ! ''
to be honest , he 's not been too pleased with sage recently - he wants him to focus more on bounty hunting , so he sort of blamed you for distracting him- '' ` ` i have nothing to do with what teon does with his time , '' razia huffed .
begrudgingly , she knew it was probably something very similar to what sage had said , and she started to feel even stupider for putting herself in such a position .
` ` sage actually called looking for you , '' vel said , matter - of - factly .
` ` is n't that was sage was trying to say ? ''
` ` sage is a moron , '' lyssa snapped .
` ` unless you want to hire an actual crew , like sage . ''
` ` you may want to let sage know .
to her annoyance , she found herself facing a table with sage and his entire crew sharing a pitcher of beer ( or at least they were , sage did n't have anything in front of him ) .
to her annoyance , she found herself facing a table with sage and his entire crew sharing a pitcher of beer ( or at least they were , sage did n't have anything in front of him ) .
her eyes swept from vel to land squarely on sage , who rolled his eyes .
` ` because he was wandering around the bar entrance like a lost puppy , '' sage yelled in her ear so she could hear him .
` ` he is not- '' ` ` as far as they know , '' sage said , motioning to the rest of the room , who were decidedly not paying any attention to them .
she looked between sage and vel , who was wiping a thick mustache of beer foam off of his lip .
` ` c'm on , have a beer , '' sage said , yanking a seat from another table .
` ` oh he 's fine , '' sage said , slapping him on the back .
vel smiled , looking between sage and razia 's red face .
` ` i ' ve never seen that much come out of such a small person , '' sage said .
` ` so , vel , let me introduce you to my crew , '' sage said , abruptly changing the subject .
` ` she does nt like people , '' sage winked .
so you d better be nice to me , '' sage nodded .
she was keenly aware that both he and sage were watching her as she made her way to the other end of the room .
` ` that 's what sage said , '' lyssa nodded , a smile tugging at the corners of her mouth .
` ` hi friend , '' sage smiled at her , his arms crossed in front of his chest .
` ` couple things , '' sage grinned .
` ` the answer to that second question is that i know both your aliases , '' sage smiled .
` ` i noticed , '' sage nodded , stepping in front of her .
` ` fine , whatever you want to call yourself , '' sage said , grabbing her by the arm gently .
` ` seriously , '' sage said , following behind her closely and looking around nervously .
` ` that 's why , '' sage snapped in a whisper .
` ` he was trying to get you to take a break so he would n't have to , '' sage growled .
sage said , as a group of seven rose from a table in the corner .
` ` oh come on , '' sage sighed .
behind her , sage made a gesture towards relleck , mouthing something .
but then sage told me that harms had caught wind of some guy offering a 15 million credit bonus for anyone who captured you , and that relleck had taken the job , '' vel said .
and standing at the front of the line was sage and relleck .
` ` leave her alone , relleck , '' sage said , as usual , stepping in to save her when she did n't need it .
whirling around , she momentarily thought she was having another hallucination , because sage teon , replete with official badge and white lab coat , was standing in the middle of the planetary and system science academy .
` ` oh , you know , '' sage shrugged , his thin layer of composure barely covering a boiling river of rage .
lyssa swallowed , realizing in the excitement of capturing relleck , and then pymus , that she had completely forgotten that sage and his crew had stayed behind to fight linro 's and relleck 's crews .
` ` a pirate , whom , i find out later , that you let go , '' sage said , his face turning red with anger .
` ` and my bounty is now number six in the universe , '' sage screamed .
` ` good , i ' m glad , '' sage barked at her .
` ` well relleck and sage said that i was over - compensating andand can take care of myself , '' she trailed off , realizing that sage was n't actually saying anything she disagreed with .
` ` well relleck and sage said that i was over - compensating andand can take care of myself , '' she trailed off , realizing that sage was n't actually saying anything she disagreed with .
i would have parted with my jacket and knife to spend a full day with this dear man , to glean from his sage , fatherly wisdom and imbibe the strength and courage that were distilled in him .
and diego is n't above gloating if we ignore his sage advice . ''
priest , sage or magician if you cross the starry river in the plains of day and night you will find the priests who live there and they 'll feed you wrong and right .
he smiles , with all the kindness of a laughing sage , and leans upon a bent old stick , as thin and twisted up as he is .
part 2 : sage viswamitra what is whole , this is whole ; what has come out of the whole is also whole .
he has been writing for five years , mostly short stories and failed projects , but the sage [ end of the beginning ] being his first ever completed , and published , work .
the professor scowled , are you now a sage ?
his magic was that of a sage .
mr . mojo , you are a sage .
janessa assumed a sage visage , suggesting she had a revelation to impart , that would banish entirely his blindness , stop fighting , if we do nt fight , there is no more war .
they had slept at the bhavata house the previous night amidst a mixture of cinnamon , sage , and nervous excitement .
~~~ every passing day i think of thee submariner and wolf lady the one true hearted wolf i ve ever known every passing day i think of thee lest you think i could forget but let this book tell you i still do remember you my sage my mage singer of my god songs the only realm i found where i belong this welfing song is yours alone to you i dedicate this tome sixteen the chapters this the first in steam submarine read well and secrets will of other worlds appear that tell of zelf in realms not here a clever delfyc cryptogryphonical signd return to table of contents preface - the troubling fountain of all mythology that robert denethon in this book has perhaps written an unintentional allegory of his own life , his love , in artistic form ; this , at least , is the thesis advanced by the editor and annotator of this first edition , p _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ , and it is an hypothesis that bears further examination .
both branches of the kingdom were of equal importance and the sages were to work together and check each other on balance .
the military branch officials wore red robes , including their sage , hence the red sage , and the administration branch officials wore white robes , hence giving its sage a title , the white sage .
the military branch officials wore red robes , including their sage , hence the red sage , and the administration branch officials wore white robes , hence giving its sage a title , the white sage .
the military branch officials wore red robes , including their sage , hence the red sage , and the administration branch officials wore white robes , hence giving its sage a title , the white sage .
the military branch officials wore red robes , including their sage , hence the red sage , and the administration branch officials wore white robes , hence giving its sage a title , the white sage .
derek reynhart , the red sage , immediately spoke after the king .
the red sage paused a little bit before speaking again .
at this remark , dean culbert , the white sage , sitting on the opposite side of the oval from reynhart sneered .
might i add that it was with an exception of three kings , two of who are the greatest kings of all time , red sage , culbert said condescendingly .
being a sage who is supposed to give your majesty uninfluenced and objective advice , you should be ashamed to have mentioned that your majesty should pick the first - born son because that s how it has been .
in addition , i was merely making sure that the voice of our people was heard , that we need the heir , white sage , reynhart added with smug sarcasm .
as a sage , he had to read all of them every day and respond to them immediately if they needed immediate actions .
the red sage , derek reynhart , led the red half council and both halves completed the regular council .
he was then a little boy visiting the palace with his grandfather , the first sage from his family .
he did nt really understand what being a sage meant at that time .
this house had been designed by his grandfather , nathaniel , when he had become a sage .
chapter ten the red sage , derek reynhart , had announced the red half council .
the head of the half council was a sage , not the king as in the regular council , but the half council was no exception to the rule .
he wore his usual silver armor that reflected blue light and together with the red sage reynhart and general elbric , he completed the triangle of authority in the red half council .
we ca nt afford losing any more men , red sage , spoke jillian sommer , the first colonel under general elbrics command .
red sage , general elbric spoke , we have fought with our lives at the border to guard our pride , to keep sarum as a kingdom ruled by one and only king .
every councilman but the sage had one figurine .
` ` my father , a sage who was respected in this world and will be in the next , knew the only way to prevent the phenomenon was to find out what precipitated its occurrence .
` ` you are a good and brave knight to endure my wrath to give me sage advice .
max noted the sarcasm in draagh 's voice and turned to the screen as the old sage continued .
he dared not break that agreement now , even for fredda 's sage advice but wait a second .
no words , no sage advice .
i did n't feel like the supernatural champion of chicago , or a fearless foe of evil , a daring summoner able to cast his defiance into the teeth of a supernatural titan , or an enlightened sage of the mystic arts .
a sage spoke of loyalty even while listening to songs of hidden meaning and words with secret messages .
but the sage did n't support his weight , and he came crashing down again each time .
` ` live with it , '' eddie murmured , then added the great sage and eminent junkie 's favorite advice for life 's little problems : ` ` deal.n he dialed john cullum 's number on the old - fashioned rotary phone , and when a robot voice - blaine the mono 's great - great - great - great - great - grandmother , mayhap - asked him to deposit ninety cents , eddie dropped in a buck .
the great sage and eminent junkie .
more words of wisdom from that great sage and eminent junkie henry dean .
hey henry , o great sage if eminent junkie big brother , while we 're on the subject of our feathered friends , you want to hear my definition of cooked goose ?
you had a momentary fugue , eddie , the great sage and eminent junkie advised him .
as henry dean , the great sage and eminent junkie would have put it , flip - flop , hippety - hop , offa your rocker and over the top , life 's a fiction and the world 's a lie , so put on some creedence and let 's get high .
looklike angel - baby done put on a few pounds , henry said in a low voice , and then they were howling with laughter , holding onto each other and pounding each other and henry came back inside and about two weeks later eddie was snorting the stuff too and he could n't understand why the hell he had made such a big deal out of it , after all , it was only snorting , shit , it got you off , and as henry ( who eddie would eventually come to think of as the great sage and eminent junkie ) said , in a world that was clearly going to hell head - first , what was so low about getting high ?
he tried to sound sage and knowing about the unknown , but the fact was that first the resident on duty and then a pair of surgeons had taken the black woman away from him almost faster than you could say hail mary fulla grace ( which had actually been on his lips to saydthe black lady really had n't looked as if she was going to last very long ) .
he felt a burst of shame , a sense of wrongness ; that strong sense of secrets that must be kept at any cost , and then he remembered - again - that henry dean , who had in his later years become the great sage and eminent junkie , was dead .
that was henry 's voice , the voice of the great sage and eminent junkie .
it was close , yes , but close only counts in horseshoes , as henry dean had been wo nt to say before he became the great sage and eminent junkie .
he sweeps up the lust and the love and the lovers , the sages who are not butterflies , the flowers of meat , the running of the deer and the sinking of the lusitania .
it 's a sort of combo fortune - teller and sage .
what reckless actions , in pursuing foreign involvement and disregarding the sage wisdom of centuries and respect for tradition , should have driven otherwise loyal servants of the court into such madness ? ''
as his grandfather said in that sage pequot indian manner of his , wringin'your hands only stops you from rollin ' up your slee ves .
kowalski was fine as a getaway driver , good in a firefight , but gray needed sage advice , not kindergarten suggestions , like connect the dots .
with those sage words , he set out again .
glancing over his shoulder , pilcher stares at leven in the backseat - a lithe young man with the face of a baby but the eyes of a sage .
the sphinx gave a sage nod .
the famed sage 's gauntlets .
the sage 's gauntlets are meant for mortal wizards .
` ` almost certainly not the sage 's gauntlets , '' trask surmised .
he was not dr . sage darnel , as he 'd been on luna .
dak , in awe of the man 's sage words , could only bring forth a nod .
` ` sage counsel .
` ` i 'll give you sage counsel or sing you pretty songs , as you prefer .
she came to know the research team well , headed by the infamous sage darnel , though levana was not as impressed with the old man as she 'd expected to be after hearing of his genius for so many years .
` ` the words of a sage , '' he says , ` ` in the voice of a hick . ''
rain fell now , though not yet enough to douse the sage .
i did nt know what else to say besides the generic responsealthough , personally , sometimes i wished people would stick to general comments instead of diving into sage advice .
i m sure that someone will give you a tour of the city , sage assured her , smiling , do you need directions to wherever you re going ?
she could see one of the fountains sage had told her to look for .
do nt talk to strangers , sage said , putting a hand on austins elbow .
yeah , for now , sage nodded , i wo nt be around forever .
and she s an air dragon , no less , sage continued , not noticing austins lack of interest , i d like to have her finish high school , but that wo nt be possible .
she asked , since sage seemed to know .
yes sir , she said , stepping around sage .
she did nt usually talk to girls , and she did nt know why sage was talked to her .
i guess not , sage laughed , looking back to aiden , are you finally planning on joining in on the fun ?
that question caught sage off guard , though the info about dustin had not .
checking to make sure sage was preoccupied , she slunk off in the direction of the city , following the lines of lanterns through the streets .
sage took another handful and the older , married couple who austin thought were chelseas parents scattered the ashes as well , and then it was back to kai .
a lone figure , sage , shouted from further on in the beach .
well , i do nt know anything other than what i told sage .
i can take you to an old sage .
chapter nine the conversation that took place thereafter went something like this : a sage ... . an old sage ... . what is a sage ?
chapter nine the conversation that took place thereafter went something like this : a sage ... . an old sage ... . what is a sage ?
chapter nine the conversation that took place thereafter went something like this : a sage ... . an old sage ... . what is a sage ?
what is a sage ?
so why have nt i heard about this sage before ?
even i ve only known about the old sage for a short time .
he says he knows about an old sage he can take us to .
so why has nt this sage been mentioned before ?
there s your old sage .
tess would usually provide sage advice on the matter , but when i called , mrs . kennedy informed me she was off on some epic day hike with oliver .
some might , the master agreed , fortunately you know i was only almost wondering and are sage enough to know the difference .
wait , mar , sage says , grabbing my arm , forcing me to face him .
chapter 4 i lay in bed replaying to myself the conversation i had with sage .
i wonder why sage was the first person to try to warn me ?
then again , sage did nt seem to be concerned for his own safety .
well , except for sage , but he s not your average blue - eyed southern boy .
besides , sage could nt have possibly just said that for the hell of it .
his name is sage sterling and he s sixteen , but he looks like he could be in college .
that sounds just like what sage told me the couple who lived here used to hear .
i really want to kill sage for planting that seed in my mind .
a few minutes go by in silence as i pretend to read my book while i am actually watching sage in the corner of my eye open and reopen his mouth in an effort to strike up a conversation .
as we sit at the bench talking some more , sage tries to casually scoot over towards me .
as we walk to the van i realize i totally forgot to go off on sage about causing my nightmare .
its sage sterling .
the conclusion : papa is at the moment laying his rifle on the coffee table in the sitting room , preparing to clean it when sage gets here .
what he did nt know was that sage was already on his way .
he resists barking and lunging towards sage his motive is nt out of aggression , but towards getting his belly rubbed .
he finally calms down a little after sage says hi and gets his arms covered with dog drool .
its very nice to meet you , sage says , cool and collected , as he puts out his hand for papa and mama to shake .
i m sure sage is regretting ever meeting me .
the last scene i take in before i close the door is trevor standing faithfully at papas side like he s waiting to pounce on sage ; growling all the while .
i m not even going to be eating here ; sage is taking me out .
i wonder if sage is suffering as much as i am .
even though sage is totally lying to me about papa , his compliment makes my cheeks burn regardless .
i do nt sound like that , sage says chuckling .
at least i did nt ask you if you liked to listen to latin music , sage teases .
we have five minutes before the movie starts , sage says .
two tickets to bloodsuckers , sage says .
here you go , sage says handing over the cash .
i hear sage coming towards me .
i look at his truck and when i look back i notice that sage is looking at me .
i already unbuckled myself and am out the door when sage reaches me and closes the door for me .
ill have the enchilada grande and a coke , sage says as he hands him his menu .
carter shows up with our food , preventing sage from responding any further .
here are your orders , call me if you need anything , carter says directly to me , causing sage to glower .
i ask looking up at sage .
minutes pass in silence sage attempts to start another conversation , but i brush him off with an abrupt yes or no .
i m sorry if my words rubbed you the wrong way , sage says softly , breaking the silence .
i glance briefly at sage , his eyes meeting mine .
knowing that papa is nt ready to discuss anything about sage , i decide to wait until tomorrow to ask what his deal was .
and to top it all off , i do nt know where i stand with sage .
the underlying question is am i going to be seeing sage .
and do nt worry about that kid , umm , sam sage , i correct him .
about sage , i just want you to know not to worry .
the ipod is rested on my stomach , my cell phone in my right hand is on vibrate , just in case someone tries to call me okay , sage .
sage releases oscars hand and with that same hand he grabs something from behind his back and presents mama with a bouquet of flowers .
these are for you , sage says , handing me a bouquet of crimson roses .
no peeking , sage says .
do nt open your eyes until i tell ya to , sage instructs .
its not until sage sits beside me that i realize that her seemingly innocent gesture was not so pure .
i m set on asking sage what exactly happened and apologizing for what took place yesterday .
i have no doubt sage will probably downplay the situation to me , but with mama in the room hell be sure to clam up .
i can tell sage is starting to feel awkward ; he s shifting in his seat .
i check the caller i d , just like i thought , its sage .
mama , is it all right if sage comes over ?
hey , sage says .
i look at sages apparel , he s dressed in jeans again and he s wearing a forest green shirt .
flashback : the last time sage came over he wanted to look for a ghost so we went down into the basement .
ill wait here , sage says , standing by the front door .
good thinking , sage says , pointing to my laptop bag .
sage finds a parking place on the second row .
lower your voice , sage whispers , you would nt want us to get kicked out would you ?
you can join me or you can sit there and sulk , sage whispers while getting up from his seat .
i barely notice that sage stopped in front of me until i almost walk into him .
i turn and ask sage after a long while .
i ca nt believe we ve been here for two hours and that s all we found , sage says in frustration , ignoring my last comment .
calm down , sage warns , are you trying to get us kicked out ?
no , i did nt get a chance to look before she took it out of my hand , sage says , glumly .
do nt worry , well find something sage says reassuringly .
we walk over to the truck sage walks to the passenger door and holds it open for me .
i ask sage after a long duration of time .
i m not acting weird , sage answers , combing his fingers through his hair .
again , she flaunts herself and sage does nt even look at her .
try searching for books on haunted places in north texas , sage says as an obvious distraction .
nothing , but sage likes his women thin , and you re a tad bit thick .
this is not happening , sage says .
we used to go out , sage says recapturing his voice after a minute .
to think , for more than a week i was jealous of some dumb bimbo i was sure sage was out dating .
they might just have a coronary , sage states as he waves a french fry around before shoving it into his mouth .
i turn and give sage a nervous smile .
i m sorry for wasting your time , sage .
oh , um , thank you again , maam , sage says with a nod .
mamas comment about sage kissing me pulls me back to todays earlier conversation when sage asked me if i was his girlfriend , girlfriend .
mamas comment about sage kissing me pulls me back to todays earlier conversation when sage asked me if i was his girlfriend , girlfriend .
its sage , papa , i whisper .
i m fine maam sage , it escalated , i say , interrupting him .
i m just counting the minutes until sage gets off work .
where is sage ?
mar , sage says politely .
that s great , sage , i say as i clap my hands together .
time to get down to business , sage says , closing a website which explains how ghosts gain power from fear .
i close it quickly before sage or my parents notice .
i okay , sage says unsure .
compared to all of us who do nt know zip about ghosts , sage is the expert .
friday , sage answers .
i m in , sage says .
mama is about to open her mouth but sage beats her to the punch .
yeah , sage , why do nt you come over here ?
my cheeks are so red that i bet sage can see them glow , even under here in total darkness .
wait , i m not hearing any snoring coming from sages corner ; maybe sage is awake or maybe he does nt snore .
relieved , i throw my arms around sage , pulling him down to my level and i blubber on his shoulder like a baby .
sage releases my face and places his hands on my waist .
i try to wriggle out from under sage , but i m pinned .
trying to sleep , i hear sage respond from across the room .
i grab onto the doorway in an attempt to give sage more time to reach me .
there is an excruciating short distance between sage and me , but george seems to keep me just out of reach .
marisol is still sound asleep , oblivious , even after sage swooped her up in his arms and followed papa to the van at a full sprint .
i am so sorry , sage repeatedly says .
i take in the sight of papa driving with sage riding shotgun , they are engaged in deep conversation .
i feel lower than a bow legged caterpillar , sage says smiling .
i do nt remember saying that last part , sage mumbles ; his cheeks getting redder .
you should nt blame sage .
embarrassed by my outburst , i storm away into the motel , not bothering to look back at sage .
it will be a little crowded since sage is staying in the same room because papa does nt want to spring for another one .
the door opens ; to my great relief its not sage .
just like the one at the library that seemed to be following sage and me the other day .
my foot has just reached the pavement when the door to the motel is thrown open and out comes sage .
i look over to see what papa thinks , but he is staring intently at the group , as are sage and mama .
i follow behind sage as the rest of the slowpokes are just starting to move .
papa asks sage .
so , sage , mr . utt says , we both know that its not going to be easy getting casper out of the house .
the sage is supposed to cleanse , heal , and bless the person , or place , or thing being smudged .
how s that represent sage ?
i turn to see sage standing at the entrance of the living room .
just then i hear a loud crash as the attic door explodes open and in comes sage .
our father , sage says .
calista is still being pinned down by sage , but she is no longer struggling .
okay , now on the count of three , mr . utt , sage , you are going to let go of her and step out of the circle .
its safer if you stick with me , sage says to calista , looping his arm with hers .
the next thing i know i m being swung around ; held tightly in sages arms .
well , sage is anyways .
papa has a court date for him to be declared independent and a friend at work had a rental property in town he was willing to let sage and oscar rent .
sages mom agreed to let oscar live with sage and let sage adopt him when he turns eighteen in exchange for keeping bubba out of jail .
sages mom agreed to let oscar live with sage and let sage adopt him when he turns eighteen in exchange for keeping bubba out of jail .
sages mom agreed to let oscar live with sage and let sage adopt him when he turns eighteen in exchange for keeping bubba out of jail .
papa is doing better now that sage has moved out .
every night for the first two weeks i could hear papa making the floorboards creak around the corner anytime sage got up at night to use the bathroom .
luckily , mama warned me about it and i , in turn , warned sage .
on a different note , sage is working almost every night trying to save up enough for the rent , furniture , and legal fees .
he s working late again tonight so ill see him in the morning when he picks up oscar we watch him when sage is working and my parents babysit when we go out .
the high sage had a smug look on his face , you are in luck .
the sage was deeply locked in a trance through the emerald monocle .
the sage spoke with an internal vibration to his voice , state your name .
the sage grimaced , and as you should know , great power dwells within a name .
the high sage peered out of his non - monocle eye , actually he appears as noble as always , my lord .
the sage nodded , cadmus seveneye , you will be the core of the rest of this investigation .
the high sage nodded , he is clean .
yet the high sage could care less about her beauty and was more suspicious of the interference he was receiving from his lens .
the sage screamed in pain , as the monocle cracked into a thousand web - like fissures .
i m the wise sage while you re a work - in - progress .
her name is sage .
if not tomorrow , then the next day , i would have to call sage again .
with the talk of orpheus and murder porn video , haruki forgot about his seven day wait to call sage back .
you could have called sage anytime in the last three months .
that 's why i called sage .
i ' m sage .
i tried to sit in the back with haruki , but sage insisted that one of us keep her company in the front .
i prefer the term guest house , sage replied .
of course , sage replied .
i would hang out with sage , whether i wanted to or not .
the first chance i had away from sage , i texted uilani to warn her that nisha was just like theron or worse .
as we loaded the boxes into the back of the suv , sage noticed my look .
i wondered if sage and faizel did that , kept their relationship completely behind closed doors .
i thought back to what sage had said about faizel earlier .
i ' ve never heard that before , sage said .
everything was as sage said it was the money , the car , the alarms .
did sage and faizel sleep in separate rooms , or what was behind the third door ?
when the job is done , sage said .
us , sage corrected .
i had been hiding out from sage .
one day while we were waiting around for the cover of darkness , sage and faizel had a argument .
that 's what sage had argued with faizel about .
it was affirmation of my purpose , and sage was part of it .
that was why he was here : to understand sage .
gone were the days spent with sage and duncan respectively .
and you trust sage ?
you think one conversation we had in a restaurant while faizel , or was it sage , was killing theron tells you everything about me ?
haruki , duncan , and i were sitting around the breakfast table eating a meal that might have made sage nod in acknowledgment .
i doubted he had ever brought sage or faizel or haruki here .
duncan could n't turn down the mission , not after what he had just done the day before , not with sage and faizel needing something to distract them , not with our team needing to become a team , not with haruki asking .
duncan must not have had the slightest trouble convincing sage and faizel because we left for albuquerque quickly .
faizel needs haruki more than i do , sage said .
it was long , but sage believed most them to be merely culpable , not loyal .
i told you haruki should have gone , sage said .
faizel and haruki have n't reported anyone unusual leaving the club , sage said .
i think we 're clean , sage said .
he stayed in the car in the back alley as sage and i went up to the rooms .
she was in the hotel room , sage said .
unless it has sentimental value , sage said .
they will recognize half of us , sage said .
faizel and sage had confirmed that kachada was holding court on the ground floor vip area .
somehow though , we all finally relaxed duncan , sage , faizel , me , and iris .
on the primal side , sage was a woman , too .
the looks on sage 's face made me doubt that .
his obvious desperate concern for sage during the kachada mission doing seemingly nothing to revert things to the way they had been .
i want you to make up with sage .
haruki was at a golf course or book store or some other public place where duncan , sage , or whoever could watch him from a distance .
she put up no resistance as sage yanked the banding tight behind her back .
duncan and faizel led nisha into it , and sage closed it behind them .
with the gear stored , sage left and advised me to do the same .
he did n't let me see any more of the code than sage had .
i could tell one was sage and the other a man .
i ca n't , sage replied .
that depends on her , sage said .
of course , sage said .
it does , sage said .
whether unanimous or majority , it will be us , sage said .
faizel and sage were talking about nothing .
he owed faizel and sage and this place , this idea , too much to give it up .
faizel more than sage .
his willingness to let sage help him in the desert .
eventually , sage and faizel came .
this is more than you deserve , sage said .
she started down the way sage had gone .
maybe some day faizel , sage , and duncan would have treated me like that , or maybe they would have got scared of who i was .
obsidian sky ii available september 30th an excerpt from the last of the sages ( book # 1 of the sage saga ) chapter 2 orientation james moped over the previous days events as he stepped lazily off the carriage .
obsidian sky ii available september 30th an excerpt from the last of the sages ( book # 1 of the sage saga ) chapter 2 orientation james moped over the previous days events as he stepped lazily off the carriage .
you see , out of every one million students that step through our walls , a sage emerges .
a sage ?
a sage is usually defined as someone who is very wise , but there is more to it than that .
when one becomes a sage , they gain knowledge so profound , most faint at its very whisper .
a sage could not do his or her job surrounded by thousands of liabilities .
that is why this courtyard was made for the sage and the sage alone .
that is why this courtyard was made for the sage and the sage alone .
a sage standing before them , cool , tranquil , waiting , not for his enemy to strike , but for his own adrenaline to reach its peak .
quick , and so hideously precise , the sage would take his next breath and a kingdoms army would fall to its knees .
i want to be a sage .
not a sage , but still very formidable .
james looked away from arimus in disgust , not because his new mentor had nt reached the coveted rank that so many strived for , but for the revelation that , in order to even think about becoming a sage , he would have to defeat kyran and arimus in battle , two men he figured could take decades to surpass .
arimus , why could nt you be a sage ?
i was not destined to be a sage , so i did not become one .
he could not become a sage with such hands .
for a moment , james considered checking out each of the paintings , thinking that maybe , just maybe , there was a picture of a sage gracing the canvases , but he dismissed it almost immediately .
one in particular caught his interest : how to become a sage .
there is no book on becoming a sage , idiot .
he yawned again and decided he would dream about becoming a sage but he did nt get the chance .
we still have plenty of time to become a sage .
the other reason , a very recently acquired reason , would be because james was a sage .
then again , he had never really put much thought into the actual personality of his dream girl , but , that was a project for another time still , all dreams aside , he had work to do if he was going to become a sage .
a sage was cool , and sounded like something to aspire to - an infantryman did not .
james chuckled as he decided that very moment that if he did nt become a sage , he would just quit the academy and try a life elsewhere , like he had originally planned all along .
james fell asleep with confidence , unaware of kyrans presence , hovering on the rafters above , a predators glare in his eye the full novel is now available for free : also now available : the dark kingdom ( book 2 of the sage saga ) hail to the queen ( book 3 of the sage saga ) of heroes and villains ( book # 4 of the sage saga ) sages 5 will be available august 1st an excerpt from upgrade ( book # 1 of the androids trilogy ) chapter 1 blowout sale it was just an ordinary shopping mall , but to him it was a military fortress .
james fell asleep with confidence , unaware of kyrans presence , hovering on the rafters above , a predators glare in his eye the full novel is now available for free : also now available : the dark kingdom ( book 2 of the sage saga ) hail to the queen ( book 3 of the sage saga ) of heroes and villains ( book # 4 of the sage saga ) sages 5 will be available august 1st an excerpt from upgrade ( book # 1 of the androids trilogy ) chapter 1 blowout sale it was just an ordinary shopping mall , but to him it was a military fortress .
james fell asleep with confidence , unaware of kyrans presence , hovering on the rafters above , a predators glare in his eye the full novel is now available for free : also now available : the dark kingdom ( book 2 of the sage saga ) hail to the queen ( book 3 of the sage saga ) of heroes and villains ( book # 4 of the sage saga ) sages 5 will be available august 1st an excerpt from upgrade ( book # 1 of the androids trilogy ) chapter 1 blowout sale it was just an ordinary shopping mall , but to him it was a military fortress .
my tale began , when i was just a nave , little boy novels by julius st . clair fantasy : the last of the sages the dark kingdom ( sage trilogy , book 2 ) hail to the queen ( sage trilogy , book 3 ) end of angels ( angel story , book 1 ) angels of eden ( angel story , book 2 ) obsidian sky ( obsidian saga , book 1 ) thrillers : the deadly ones science fiction : upgrade ( the androids trilogy , book 1 ) the end of us romance : my immortal playlist check out my blog !
my tale began , when i was just a nave , little boy novels by julius st . clair fantasy : the last of the sages the dark kingdom ( sage trilogy , book 2 ) hail to the queen ( sage trilogy , book 3 ) end of angels ( angel story , book 1 ) angels of eden ( angel story , book 2 ) obsidian sky ( obsidian saga , book 1 ) thrillers : the deadly ones science fiction : upgrade ( the androids trilogy , book 1 ) the end of us romance : my immortal playlist check out my blog !
my tale began , when i was just a nave , little boy novels by julius st . clair fantasy : the last of the sages the dark kingdom ( sage trilogy , book 2 ) hail to the queen ( sage trilogy , book 3 ) end of angels ( angel story , book 1 ) angels of eden ( angel story , book 2 ) obsidian sky ( obsidian saga , book 1 ) thrillers : the deadly ones science fiction : upgrade ( the androids trilogy , book 1 ) the end of us romance : my immortal playlist check out my blog !
i am no sage but i see more than a few surprises in your future , laughed willow .
his sage advice was to think happy thoughts to calm my anxiety .
though vonlock had paid him very well , sage eventually quit , angry that sorren rarely gave him his full attention and never did his assignments .
it was true that sorren hated the lessons , but he still missed sage after he left .
he remembered reading the title story years ago , perhaps out of this very same book when sage had been at the castle .
i will do it , sage said .
and if you thought that hurt , sage said , stirring the brush in the thick dark green steaming liquid , then you do nt know real pain at all .
done , sage said .
you ll be healed in seven days , sage said , standing up and walking to the fire in the center of the room .
yes , you do , sage said , walking to a table on the other side of the room , or i would never have let you in .
i need multiple measurements for each and every phase of the moons , sage said .
ah , sage said , nodding as if he now understood some grand truth .
its written in old tavendin , sage said , which i know you ca nt read because you have no patience for learning languages .
you re the last of the candlewood family , sorren , sage said .
an eleven year old killed the most powerful wizard king in the world , sage said , and you think it might be chance ?
wait , sage said .
nine that night , sorren , kovola , and sage flew the small airship southward to the thornblack mountains .
neither sorren nor sage nor kovola spotted anything that night .
i need thale , he thought , staring through the front windows of the navigation room , standing behind sage who sat at the ships control panel .
i told you , sage said , your work is sloppy .
sorren and sage eventually retreated to the navigation room floor , sitting with their backs against the wall .
sorren and sage stood up .
there are no towns or villages near owls fortress , sage said .
thale left the seat and sage took it , putting his hands on the helm .
it ll take hours from where we are , sage said .
owls fortress is way over there , sage said , pointing ahead .
i m glad you know what you re doing , sage said .
they must be suspicious , sage said .
i have more experience , sage said .
as the royal airship above them came to stop in the air , sage brought the cargo ship to a stop behind it , then slowly pulled back on the helm , guiding the ship upward .
too convenient , sage said , bringing the cargo ship level with the bay door .
hold on to something , sage said , scrambling with the controls before him .
but sage ignored the question and sent the ship lurching forward , under the royal airship .
in another hut , sage said .
i would nt worry , sage said .
we crashed into owls fortress last night , several miles from here , sage said .
i hid it , sage said .
i have nt asked many questions , sage said .
to walk with , sage said .
damaged , sage said .
you tried , sage said .
the damage is nt bad , sage said .
i told them your name , sage said from behind .
mmmm , sage said , leaning toward the bowl .
i m sure it is , sage said .
ah , sage said .
i know your work well , sage said .
uh , sage answered quickly , it was , um ... only some , uh ... it was only ... um ... boxes of ... we were delivering a message , sorren said .
be careful , sage said .
i just do nt want them angry with me , sage said as he turned and began to leave .
sage put his arms out , waving at the forest surrounding them .
sage realized he was staring off into the forest with a blank expression .
sorren found sage in the crowd , carrying around the walking stick sorren had left behind .
look at everyone , sage said , waving the stick at the crowd .
before sage could respond , thale stepped forward beside him .
they do nt pray to the owls , sage said , adjusting his spectacles .
shadowvin , sage whispered .
enjoy your celebration , sage said .
he heard no response from sage as he followed his raven back into the forest , this time with the light of his staff to guide his steps .
sorren approached sage and lowered his voice .
along with his favor for sorren , sage had brought some food and drink from owls grave to keep their stomachs full .
whether sage had asked for it politely or had stolen it , sorren did nt know and did nt ask .
for the next four days , sorren and sage flew the airship across the kingdom in almost complete silence .
sorren offered sage a room in the caverns , but sage insisted on staying on the airship , as if the caverns were dangerous or tainted with evil .
sorren offered sage a room in the caverns , but sage insisted on staying on the airship , as if the caverns were dangerous or tainted with evil .
when sage asked what had happened with atovin , whom he had kidnapped for him , sorren replied , family reunion .
now available at a discounted price : the last of the sages ( book 1 of the sage saga ) the dark kingdom ( book 2 of the sage saga ) hail to the queen ( book 3 of the sage saga ) of heroes and villains ( book # 4 of the sage saga ) the legendary warrior ( book 5 of the sage saga ) table of contents : chapter 1 the day the world ended chapter 2 bailey chapter 3 judge chapter 4 higher learning chapter 5 what matters chapter 6 knock knock chapter 7 i heard you the first time chapter 8 rupture chapter 9 turned chapter 10 what s eating you ?
now available at a discounted price : the last of the sages ( book 1 of the sage saga ) the dark kingdom ( book 2 of the sage saga ) hail to the queen ( book 3 of the sage saga ) of heroes and villains ( book # 4 of the sage saga ) the legendary warrior ( book 5 of the sage saga ) table of contents : chapter 1 the day the world ended chapter 2 bailey chapter 3 judge chapter 4 higher learning chapter 5 what matters chapter 6 knock knock chapter 7 i heard you the first time chapter 8 rupture chapter 9 turned chapter 10 what s eating you ?
now available at a discounted price : the last of the sages ( book 1 of the sage saga ) the dark kingdom ( book 2 of the sage saga ) hail to the queen ( book 3 of the sage saga ) of heroes and villains ( book # 4 of the sage saga ) the legendary warrior ( book 5 of the sage saga ) table of contents : chapter 1 the day the world ended chapter 2 bailey chapter 3 judge chapter 4 higher learning chapter 5 what matters chapter 6 knock knock chapter 7 i heard you the first time chapter 8 rupture chapter 9 turned chapter 10 what s eating you ?
now available at a discounted price : the last of the sages ( book 1 of the sage saga ) the dark kingdom ( book 2 of the sage saga ) hail to the queen ( book 3 of the sage saga ) of heroes and villains ( book # 4 of the sage saga ) the legendary warrior ( book 5 of the sage saga ) table of contents : chapter 1 the day the world ended chapter 2 bailey chapter 3 judge chapter 4 higher learning chapter 5 what matters chapter 6 knock knock chapter 7 i heard you the first time chapter 8 rupture chapter 9 turned chapter 10 what s eating you ?
now available at a discounted price : the last of the sages ( book 1 of the sage saga ) the dark kingdom ( book 2 of the sage saga ) hail to the queen ( book 3 of the sage saga ) of heroes and villains ( book # 4 of the sage saga ) the legendary warrior ( book 5 of the sage saga ) table of contents : chapter 1 the day the world ended chapter 2 bailey chapter 3 judge chapter 4 higher learning chapter 5 what matters chapter 6 knock knock chapter 7 i heard you the first time chapter 8 rupture chapter 9 turned chapter 10 what s eating you ?
now available at a discounted price : the last of the sages ( book 1 of the sage saga ) the dark kingdom ( book 2 of the sage saga ) hail to the queen ( book 3 of the sage saga ) of heroes and villains ( book # 4 of the sage saga ) the legendary warrior ( book 5 of the sage saga ) table of contents : chapter 1 the day the world ended chapter 2 bailey chapter 3 judge chapter 4 higher learning chapter 5 what matters chapter 6 knock knock chapter 7 i heard you the first time chapter 8 rupture chapter 9 turned chapter 10 what s eating you ?
novels by julius st . clair : fantasy : the last of the sages the dark kingdom ( sage saga , book 2 ) hail to the queen ( sage saga , book 3 ) of heroes and villains ( sage saga , book 4 ) the legendary warrior ( sage saga , book 5 ) the end of the fantasy ( sage saga , book 6 ) the return of the sages is now available for preorder here obsidian sky ( obsidian saga , book 1 ) end of angels ( angel story , book 1 ) angels of eden ( angel story , book 2 ) fire and water ( angel story , book 3 ) is now available for preorder here supernatural thrillers : the deadly ones stricken ( fleetbook # 1 ) is now available for preorder here science fiction : upgrade ( the androids trilogy , book 1 ) paranormal romance : my immortal romance if you enjoyed this story , please leave an honest review here so that other people may experience it !
novels by julius st . clair : fantasy : the last of the sages the dark kingdom ( sage saga , book 2 ) hail to the queen ( sage saga , book 3 ) of heroes and villains ( sage saga , book 4 ) the legendary warrior ( sage saga , book 5 ) the end of the fantasy ( sage saga , book 6 ) the return of the sages is now available for preorder here obsidian sky ( obsidian saga , book 1 ) end of angels ( angel story , book 1 ) angels of eden ( angel story , book 2 ) fire and water ( angel story , book 3 ) is now available for preorder here supernatural thrillers : the deadly ones stricken ( fleetbook # 1 ) is now available for preorder here science fiction : upgrade ( the androids trilogy , book 1 ) paranormal romance : my immortal romance if you enjoyed this story , please leave an honest review here so that other people may experience it !
novels by julius st . clair : fantasy : the last of the sages the dark kingdom ( sage saga , book 2 ) hail to the queen ( sage saga , book 3 ) of heroes and villains ( sage saga , book 4 ) the legendary warrior ( sage saga , book 5 ) the end of the fantasy ( sage saga , book 6 ) the return of the sages is now available for preorder here obsidian sky ( obsidian saga , book 1 ) end of angels ( angel story , book 1 ) angels of eden ( angel story , book 2 ) fire and water ( angel story , book 3 ) is now available for preorder here supernatural thrillers : the deadly ones stricken ( fleetbook # 1 ) is now available for preorder here science fiction : upgrade ( the androids trilogy , book 1 ) paranormal romance : my immortal romance if you enjoyed this story , please leave an honest review here so that other people may experience it !
novels by julius st . clair : fantasy : the last of the sages the dark kingdom ( sage saga , book 2 ) hail to the queen ( sage saga , book 3 ) of heroes and villains ( sage saga , book 4 ) the legendary warrior ( sage saga , book 5 ) the end of the fantasy ( sage saga , book 6 ) the return of the sages is now available for preorder here obsidian sky ( obsidian saga , book 1 ) end of angels ( angel story , book 1 ) angels of eden ( angel story , book 2 ) fire and water ( angel story , book 3 ) is now available for preorder here supernatural thrillers : the deadly ones stricken ( fleetbook # 1 ) is now available for preorder here science fiction : upgrade ( the androids trilogy , book 1 ) paranormal romance : my immortal romance if you enjoyed this story , please leave an honest review here so that other people may experience it !
novels by julius st . clair : fantasy : the last of the sages the dark kingdom ( sage saga , book 2 ) hail to the queen ( sage saga , book 3 ) of heroes and villains ( sage saga , book 4 ) the legendary warrior ( sage saga , book 5 ) the end of the fantasy ( sage saga , book 6 ) the return of the sages is now available for preorder here obsidian sky ( obsidian saga , book 1 ) end of angels ( angel story , book 1 ) angels of eden ( angel story , book 2 ) fire and water ( angel story , book 3 ) is now available for preorder here supernatural thrillers : the deadly ones stricken ( fleetbook # 1 ) is now available for preorder here science fiction : upgrade ( the androids trilogy , book 1 ) paranormal romance : my immortal romance if you enjoyed this story , please leave an honest review here so that other people may experience it !
novels by julius st . clair : fantasy : the last of the sages the dark kingdom ( sage saga , book 2 ) hail to the queen ( sage saga , book 3 ) of heroes and villains ( sage saga , book 4 ) the legendary warrior ( sage saga , book 5 ) the end of the fantasy ( sage saga , book 6 ) the return of the sages is now available for preorder here obsidian sky ( obsidian saga , book 1 ) end of angels ( angel story , book 1 ) angels of eden ( angel story , book 2 ) fire and water ( angel story , book 3 ) is now available for preorder here supernatural thrillers : the deadly ones stricken ( fleetbook # 1 ) is now available for preorder here science fiction : upgrade ( the androids trilogy , book 1 ) paranormal romance : my immortal romance if you enjoyed this story , please leave an honest review here so that other people may experience it !
there he paused , turning to face me , to impart some sage advice , as he always did in his way .
he was flanked by the two most important senior executive vice presidents , both seated close enough to lean in and whisper sage advice as required .
akhenaten knew jethro was too wise a sage to believe this statement , but hur was not .
i will always remember this battle in the valley of sage ; the name adamantus will be honored among my family forever .
the buddha will be referred to as sakyamunithe sage of the sakyans .
upanishad : means sitting near a person and may refer to forest gatherings under mighty trees where sages and disciples met together .
dr . greco rapidly came to a scientifically sound conclusion ( with which almost all reviewers before him have resoundingly agreed ) and made a sage pronouncement : they all suck .
i m going to work with you to create the very best sage interface to brice that we can , for the greater good of what were trying to accomplish , as saccharine as that sounds .
the whole idea of sage was to take the existing mind - guided system , brice , which both croftdon and bakunin had developed , together and separately , in recent years , and make it consciously interactive through an intermediary script not through a secondary agent , but directly and synergistically with conscious participants .
without sage , our central arbiter , this would be a weapon of unlimited mass destruction .
standing before him was the man in the gray suit who had sat among them and questioned him so harshly on various phases of sage .
it was created to work in conjunction with the sage system , which , of course , was built by you and andrew .
there s no analog with sage and an inanimate object .
the sage percipient edward heard a baby cry a sound like a thousand daggers tearing at his heart .
david nodded like an old sage .
these are the sage words of alphonzo martinez , an insurance salesman with a tongue of silver and a heart of gold , who recently died of mercury poisoning .
` ` a fort worth grand jury today indicted taylor brown , a wealthy real estate developer and major shareholder of thorn enterprises , inc . for the murder of his chauffeur , ronald sage .
while searching sage 's apartment authorities found evidence that sage was trying to blackmail brown and robert thorn over the murder of melba thorn .
while searching sage 's apartment authorities found evidence that sage was trying to blackmail brown and robert thorn over the murder of melba thorn .
the authorities were not sure if sage was a co - conspirator or just inadvertently found out about the plot to kill her .
` ` yes sandy , robert thorn was brought into state district court today to be arraigned for the murder of his chauffeur , robert sage .
police believe that sage had been blackmailing thorn and his partner , taylor brown , over information he had about the death of melba thorn in a mysterious single vehicle automobile accident near florissant , colorado .
i ' m not quite sure why you had to kill ronald sage .
you should also have noted , if you had been paying attention , that in the matter of my being larger than life , the persona that i present to the world , being , i like to fancy , that of an erudite sage , disinterested to a fault , rather aristocratic even , i could go on in any case it should be clear to you that , even if this is the part i was born to play , i was not born playing it .
good morning , sage !
hey , sage , harris said without expression , when cole finally reached the house .
trev , this is cole sage of the sentinel .
i m cole sage of the sentinel .
i m cole sage with the sentinel .
is this on the record , mr . sage ?
cole smiled and , presenting his press credentials , said , good afternoon , i m cole sage with the chicago sentinel .
my name is cole sage , i m an cole sage ?
my name is cole sage , i m an cole sage ?
my name is sage , cole sage .
my name is sage , cole sage .
elias took a deep breath , stood up , and crossed the room to close the door.youre from chicago , mr . sage ?
no , rose , mr . sage is an old family friend , and he has just given me some bad news .
this is mr . sage .
this is mr . sage in 218 .
my name is sage .
let mr . sage go .
if we see you near here or anywhere near mr . sage again , i will cut off your head .
try not to go to sleep , mr . sage .
eighteen good morning , mr . sage .
mr . sage ?
it was that bastard , sage , was nt it ?
i did , but sage stole them from me .
cole sage is an award - winning newspaperman , highly regarded by the chicago police .
now , whatever you have against him does nt matter beans to me , but save the cole sage did this , that and the other thing , cause nobodys buying it .
hello there , mr . sage .
the cole sage series brings to life a new kind of hero .
the words that tumbled from her lips sounded like the words of a coach giving their player sage advice for how to play the game .
bevil ) for her sage advice regarding mysteries .
ephraim knew azriel was floundering in life and that he needed an elderly , sage voice of wisdom to show him the path .
` ` or you 'll be the sage of chicago , '' robert said .
inside these brotherhoods , they shared their wisdom only with the properly initiated , passing the wisdom from sage to sage .
the order of the rose cross -- or more formally the ancient and mystical order rosae crucis -- had an enigmatic history that had greatly influenced science and closely paralleled the legend of the ancient mysteries ... early sages possessing secret wisdom that was passed down through the ages and studied by only the brightest minds .
he gave a sage smile .
he prayed that his beloved country would soon come to grasp the true power of the word -- the recorded collection of the written wisdom of all the ancient masters -- the spiritual truths taught by the great sages .
` ` i called you here specifically because i was hoping that you - a sage voice at the world health organization - might be willing to work with me and explore a possible solution . ''
he returned every day , shaking his head gravely at dennis 's predicament , babbling on about the system and how he thought it operated , giving sage advice that was absolutely free .
` ` as the sage mencius asks , what good is self - defense if it comes at the expense of the self ? ''
death and life have their determined appointments , as the great sage has it .
the sage asked .
these experts have not learned the wisdom of what the chinese sage chung - wen han called , simply , shuangxing , or ' doubleness . '
he thought of the wooden pig overlooking the pool in bali , its painted face carved with the eternal smile of the mystical sage .
he would not be the senior statesman , the grand old man of anybody 's party , the sage voice of experience .
he was a psychiatrist , he said , and had been called moments earlier by dr . sage , the family 's pediatrician .
a man as peripatetic as epicrates of heraclea , that sage of classical antiquity . ''
he wished to god that benjamin reynolds was available for some good old sage advice .
but carr , the founder of a vastly successful software company , rarely had the chance to hang out with his billionaire buddy ross cameron , the so - called sage of sante fe .
it had to be ross cameron , the so - called ` ` sage of santa fe . ''
as he sights the box on the porch and the wrapping paper , and the feathers , and the ever - popular child 's sneaker , ca n't forget that jack 's mind turns back to mrs . morton quoting that great sage henry leyden .
once called a sage . ''
` ` it has been forty - five years since anyone has seen an actual sage .
all will be made clear tomorrow , gentlemen , when you meet the sage for yourselves .
inside , sitting on an upturned crate with a beard and ragged clothes and in his eyes a dejected but defiant look , was the sage .
just as the conflict between defeat and belligerence seemed to play out on the face of the sage , so the templars appeared to struggle too , and they returned his glare with a look that was a mix of pity and awe .
he addressed the sage .
roberts , or the sage , or whatever we were calling him that day , said nothing .
torres , speaking to the sage again , said , ` ` you recognize this , i think ? ''
silence from the sage .
perhaps he knew what was coming next for torres indicated again , and a second upturned crate was brought and he sat on it so that he faced the sage , man to man , except that one of the men was governor of havana and the other man was ragged and had wild , hermit eyes and his hands were bound .
it was to those bound hands that torres reached , bringing the crystal cube to bear , then inserting it over the sage 's thumb .
torres 's fingers seemed to be manipulating the sage 's thumb somehow , before a single droplet of blood filled the vial .
the sage seemed to feel no pain and yet his eyes went from one man to the next as though cursing each of us in turn , me included , fixed with a stare of such ferocity that i found myself having to resist the impulse to shrink away .
` ` according to the old tales , the blood of a sage is required to enter the observatory , '' said ducasse in a whisper , as though reading my thoughts .
in order to collect the rest of my fee i needed to see the sage terrified further .
i was going to rescue the sage .
i wonder why i decided to rescue the sage .
i 'd like to say it was a noble desire to free the sage , but there was a bit more to it than that .
i felt as though i was about to deliver a blow against the templars and even though freeing the sage was n't equal to the harm their brothers had done me and this was n't going to even the score , it was a start .
i had no idea where the sage had been kept but one thing was beyond doubt : he was n't here any longer .
` ` where is the sage ? ''
as far as i was concerned the sage had either been sprung by assassin friends or staged an escape himself .
` ` did you see the man they call the sage ? ''
` ` did the templars say why they wanted this sage ? ''
he seemed to consider before turning away from the bust of the sage .
` ` it seems another sage has been found , '' he said to himself .
` ` after his escape from havana we offered a reward for the sage 's recapture .
the sage had been working for him but prins had got wind of the bounty and thought he could make the sale .
too high a risk of alerting the sage .
instead we wanted to use torres to buy the man : torres would meet prins , give him half the gold and offer the other half in return for the deliverance of the sage ; adewale and i would swoop in , take the sage , whisk him off , then prise out of him the location of the observatory .
instead we wanted to use torres to buy the man : torres would meet prins , give him half the gold and offer the other half in return for the deliverance of the sage ; adewale and i would swoop in , take the sage , whisk him off , then prise out of him the location of the observatory .
but if that happened , torres knew that my first sword slash would be across his throat and if that happened , none of us would see the sage again .
` ` i ' m tailing these men to the sage , '' i told him .
` ` the sage is here ? ''
not until we see the sage , '' i replied firmly .
` ` not until i ' ve found the sage . ''
` ` but when we locate the sage , you 're going to help me take prins .
looking up , i saw on a balcony the sage , roberts , just as i remembered him .
meanwhile , the sage had drawn another pistol , but guards were arriving , alerted by the gunfire .
` ` you still looking for that sage fellow ? ''
i told him i was , but said nothing of how the search for the sage had consisted mainly of sitting in the old avery drinking and thinking of caroline .
i ' ve heard the sage is sailing out of kingston on a ship called the princess . ''
find the sage with us . ''
` ` insofar as we know , the sage , roberts , was still aboard . ''
` ` what of the sage 's present location ?
will you now go and rescue the poor sage from our clutching hands ? ''
once we found the sage .
now , here 's what i 'd learnt about the sage , whose full name i learned was bartholomew roberts , some of which was later told to me by him , some by others .
at the beginning of 1719 , with the templars and the assassins on his tail , the sage had found himself serving as a third mate on the princess , just as i 'd been told , serving under captain abraham plumb .
came a voice , and i span around to see him there : the sage .
i looked at him , bartholomew roberts , this unknowable character , a sage , a carpenter who had turned to a life of piracy .
the sage walked across the floor to the raised platform in the middle and put his hand to a carved indent in the centre .
whoever - whatever - this sage had been , the safest place for his body was at the bottom of the sea .
` ` until another sage appears , this door will remain locked . ''
he nodded at that , as if i 'd said something sage , and took my left hand in his .
it was the sage nod , that one that let you know he was acknowledging one aspect of your character while pondering flaws in another .
that is correct , sage foe , for my valkyrie blood demands my absolute freedom , had not been on the tip of her tongue .
she was driven to become a super alchemist , largely to impress the sage father , who , i 'd concluded after many stories , was a major a**hole .
she 'd escape the alchemists ' hold and become dr . sydney sage , phd , while i ... well , did something .
the sage dad was n't the kind of warm and friendly guy who 'd call to say hello during business hours , when he knew zoe was doing her alchemist thing .
i understood the logic of keeping sage junior pacified , but that did n't ease the ache of missing sydney .
` ` good timing , sage .
be your clever sage self and tell me about it later tonight . ''
` ` mr . sage , '' said keith .
` ` we have a lot of freedom , sage , and a lot of privacy . ''
` ` yeah , yeah , you 're a genius , sage .
i know that sydney sage , do - gooder and darling of the alchemists , is working on clandestine affairs that go against her order 's directives .
` ` sydney sage not prepared ?
i was sydney sage , alchemist and caretaker , and i was back in business .
` ` it 's okay , sage .
` ` and as we all know , only one sage sister knows everything . ''
you 'd have to check with my superiors to get any details about where the sage sisters ' new assignment is . ''
without her sage advice , sarah would have blown through the inheritance from her mother within six months of her twenty - first birthday .
lazaro archer met him with a sage look .
dare glanced away from jenna 's sage expression and gave a curt shake of his head .
she smiled at him , her once - human eyes holding him in a gaze that was as wise as the most sage elder of his race .
i said , and he nodded , too fresh - faced to look sage but trying for it anyway .
the brothers respected the race 's leader , even if he was not a warrior among them , for he was a regal male of worth whose sage council and prudent restraint were of great value in the war against the lessening society .
you are well mated , he said , that sage look shifting to tegan .
` ` please be careful , damon , '' said sage , worry lines marring his bronzed forehead .
it was n't often that the muscular keeper of the gates looked worried - or spoke only one language at a time - but ever since damon had staggered back from death and out of the ashes , sage had spoken softly and clearly to him in english , treating the vampire as if he were likely to shatter at any minute .
he would n't be here now without sage .
he told her how he had woken , buried deep in ash and mud , clawed his way to the surface , and set off across the desolate moon , not knowing who he was or what had happened to him , and how he had almost died again , and that sage had saved him .
` ` wel , '' he said briskly , ` ` then it was just a matter of having sage lend me some clothes , fil me in on what i had missed , and give me a lift back to fel 's church .
after the world tree was destroyed , sage said things changed , which would make sense if an original phantom managed to escape as things shifted after the destruction . ''
usual y , elena would have been relieved to see sage , who had always been kind and helpful to her , but she had to get to damon .
and then they passed through , ignoring sage 's shouts of ` ` stop !
gabrielle inclined her head in a slow nod , looking sage and regally serene , even though she was no doubt a few years younger than jenna 's age of thirty - three .
` ` no , '' said adrian , ` ` but sage is convinced one extraneous calorie will make her go from super skinny to just regular skinny .
` ` sydney sage , '' i replied .
` ` i met sage while i was bumming around out here , '' explained adrian .
` ` come , miss sage .
` ` sage wo n't eat any of that . ''
` ` have i been anything but courteous to you , miss sage ? ''
` ` thanks , sage . ''
` ` she knows they 'd say no , sage .
` ` be careful , miss sage . ''
this is sydney sage . ''
but perhaps the best part of all was that i , sydney katherine sage , guilty of constantly analyzing the world around me , well , i stopped thinking .
` ` just walking miss sage back , '' said adrian .
` ` i ' m a vampire , sage .
` ` no lectures tonight , sage .
you 're a natural , sage . ''
jared sage was n't a rock star , but he did have a reputation among the alchemists that , by their standards , was outstanding .
ian - whom my father now seemed to regard as a future son - in - law - drove me back to my hotel and could n't stop gushing about how awesome it had been to meet jared sage .
` ` calm down , miss sage . ''
` ` is there anything else , miss sage ? ''
despite all the wise choices he 'd made over the centuries , despite all his sage counsel that had helped others ... when it had truly counted , his logic had failed him .
that was when sage - oh , i have n't even mentioned sage , but he 's a tall bronze gorgeous hunk of a vampire who 's been such a good friend to all of us - told him to suck in air and to hold it , to push it down into his lungs .
that was when sage - oh , i have n't even mentioned sage , but he 's a tall bronze gorgeous hunk of a vampire who 's been such a good friend to all of us - told him to suck in air and to hold it , to push it down into his lungs .
even sage disappeared before damon could ask him .
for al damon knew , sage had managed to operate the gateway to the dark dimension that was even now standing , powerless and useless , in mrs .
and when sage did get them , he was expected to be in that dimension instantly , in mid - word , in mid - caress , in mid - whatever .
so far sage had always made the deadline , damon knew that .
what damon wanted was to be made a vampire by the kind of women sage knew , and he was determined to have sage find him a vampire lady of quality , one who was real y worthy of him .
what damon wanted was to be made a vampire by the kind of women sage knew , and he was determined to have sage find him a vampire lady of quality , one who was real y worthy of him .
damon was suddenly furious , but it was different from his anger at kitsune and sage and the world .
` ` the less you know and say about sage , the better .
with an imperial summons in his hand , sage was likely to do anything .
i assume you 're planning to do what sage seems to have done .
in fact , he 'd listened to the locals and it was rumored that sage himself had changed her two years ago , and had given her this bijoux castle to live in .
` ` sage - sage !
` ` sage - sage !
` ` mes deux petits chatons , '' sage was saying .
` ` but assuredly , until mon pre - my father '' - sage said the word savagely and resentful y - ` ` relents and i am al owed to return to the infernal court , or , much better , to go my ways without ever returning .
` ` bien , '' sage said , looking at her kindly , ` ` but we should have your entire group in here for the viewing , no ? ''
` ` alors maintenant , '' sage said , looking wounded .
` ` now , '' sage continued , ` ` i must show each gate to you before you can pick .
` ` behind you , '' said sage , ` ` is the very gate you entered to get into this room , yes ?
` ` and here , '' sage sighed , ` ` is the famous kitsune paradise . ''
` ` but yes , '' sage said , looking unhappy .
` ` i suppose you would cal it ' la fontaine of eternal youth and life , ' '' sage said .
abruptly , sage swung her off her feet and said , ` ` what a temptation , especial y for a lover of la beaute like you , belle madame .
` ` asked sage .
she glanced at sage , who smiled .
the group had left most of their furs behind at the gatehouse , where sage could guard them , and elena did n't even have spare clothes .
if sage had n't helped us with this compass , we 'd never be able to find the tree 's trunk - at least not in time . ''
` ` if we do n't fol ow sage 's suggestion , we'l never find the trunk .
` ` one of those freshwater seas sage told us about .
some of it is due to the little present that sage left for me .
she could n't understand , either , her sense of letdown when she slowly realized that it was sage leaning over her , holding her gently but securely to his neck , with his bronze chest bare and warm from the sunlight .
she heard sage 's voice say , and felt the rumbling in his chest as he said it , ` ` ma pauvre petite , you must drink more in a moment or so .
she fel back onto the grass , looking up at sage , who was wiping his eyes furtively .
` ` pas encore , '' sage said unsteadily .
and with that sage - sage !
and with that sage - sage !
` ` sage saved us , '' he said , slowly careful y , as if it cost him great effort to speak .
but sage put a door back to the gatehouse right in front of us .
` ` it was sage , speaking tiredly .
` ` as am i , '' sage added , sounding exhausted .
that was when sage broke .
she whirled back on sage .
but stefan and sage were staring each other down , each fierce and intent .
she was afraid that sage would attack stefan , and that she could n't even fight for him .
but instead , suddenly , sage threw back his head and laughed wildly .
now he reached out and grabbed sage by his broad shoulders and shook him with the strength of a vampire gone mad .
and , '' sage added deliberately , looking directly at elena , ` ` perhaps - just perhaps - to undo this day 's events , also . ''
` ` in exchange for what was stolen from them mil ennia ago , '' sage replied .
and , of course , '' sage added , ` ` i know the kinds of gems with enchantments already upon them that they would most desire .
` ` he wil not kil me , '' sage said brusquely , the wild tone back in his voice .
sage , i do n't think ... damon would n't have wanted - ` ` sage whirled around and for the first time since she had met him , elena could believe with her whole soul that he was the son of his father .
to elena 's surprise , stefan gripped sage 's shoulders for a moment and then simply hugged as much of him as he could hold .
elena , heart beating in her lips and throat and fingertips , ran to gather the empty containers and bottles sage was tossing out of a ninth doorway that had appeared in between the mine shaft and the field of black roses .
` ` have no worries , '' sage said kindly .
but sage 's rumbling murmur was reassuring .
when she and bonnie had al the plunder they could carry , and their backpacks were ful as well , when stefan had two narrow black boxes that held deeds , and when sage looked like a cross between santa claus and a bronzed , gorgeous , long - haired hercules , as he carried two sacks made of pil owcases , they gave one last look around at the ravaged gatehouse .
` ` all right , '' sage said then .
as usual , sage was right .
they also demonstrated why sage did n't usual y wear shirts .
she could hear sage 's deep voice raging and stefan , in between desperate telepathic bursts to her , pleading and explaining , ` ` she 's stillnot in reality !
the three rulers and their attendants had already gathered in a determined , multihued triangle around her and were working their magic when sage bel owed , ` ` stop ! ''
` ` you would have kil ed elena if sage had n't stopped you .
` ` even with your sage advice ringing in his ears - ` ` the door opened .
though how you stumbled on us ... '' sage crouched down , looked at him with concern .
meanwhile , damon was slowly getting up , only too glad to accept sage 's protection for himself and his friends .
abruptly , sage took one of damon 's hands .
under sage 's gaze it closed , the flesh turned pink , and it healed .
damon let sage continue to hold the hand for a moment , and then , not ungently , retrieved it .
a sarcastic smile formed on sage 's lips .
yes , damon thought , the meeting of the ` ` harem '' and sage was bound to be interesting .
damon , with sage as backup , went outside the doctor 's complex and spoke to them .
lady ulma stayed in the doctor 's office until between them , sage , damon , and dr . meggar had healed her completely .
both lady ulma and sage could immediately identify the people in the riddles that misao gave to us !
she held sage 's gaze until her expression became a steely glare and he 'd hastened off to do something else around the estate .
elena did n't mind sage 's informal moving in with them .
and after hearing how sage had saved damon from the mob that ambushed him on the way to the meeting place , she had determined in her own mind that if sage ever wanted her blood , she would give it to him unhesitatingly .
and after hearing how sage had saved damon from the mob that ambushed him on the way to the meeting place , she had determined in her own mind that if sage ever wanted her blood , she would give it to him unhesitatingly .
she appreciated sage as a friend and protector .
` ` oh , sage is not going .
as it was , she paused right beside sage to acknowledge the roar of acclamation , and elena had a perfect view of her .
what if bonnie and sage and i take this room , and two of us can be distracting the steward , while the third looks in the harps for keys ? ''
in the end bonnie , meredith , and sage resorted to having sage influence the steward to be entirely passive - something he was only able to do for a few minutes of time , or the steward would notice the gaps in lady fazina 's program .
in the end bonnie , meredith , and sage resorted to having sage influence the steward to be entirely passive - something he was only able to do for a few minutes of time , or the steward would notice the gaps in lady fazina 's program .
elena could have guessed the news by bonnie 's stance , even if she had n't already known from sage 's silence .
but the news was worse than elena could have imagined : not only had the three found nothing in the harpery hall , but they had finally resorted to quizzing the steward , who could speak , if not move , under sage 's influence .
the low rumble of sage 's voice , ` ` ... agitating her ... '' the slightly louder murmur of damon 's : ` ` i know she 's off her head , but i 'd still like to know the name of this little boy i ' m supposed to have done this to .
` ` but sage must ' ve known something because he said , ' here , i ' m a doctor , and i ' m going to examine them . '
so i would like to ask these people to go with me : sage , damon , and dr .
` ` and you turned on your heel and walked out , '' sage said .
` ` sage 's clothes , '' said lady ulma , nodding at the large one , ` ` and damon 's . ''
does that mean i do n't have to wear - ` ` but looking at sage , her hopes were crushed .
then it was sage who really helped her .
- as sage began to shake his head .
after a moment sage looked her in the eyes and nodded .
elena heard sage 's voice booming , ` ` it is no fair !
` ` in the coach , '' sage answered in his gentlest voice .
` ` dr . meggar , sage only saw stefan at the beginning , before you gave him that injection .
it was sage 's opinion that stefan would be dead in three days .
` ` sage came and he has a marvelous idea . ''
elena asked sage , as saber began racing back and forth , nose still just above the grass - and then suddenly veered out onto the middle of the marble steps .
` ` they came or left in a carriage or litter , '' sage translated .
actually , i could go with them , '' sage said quietly .
damon reached out two fingers and touched sage 's temple .
even more important than revenge , '' sage said softly , shaking his head in wonder .
talk to me as if i were sage . ''
and nor could i , my friend , sage thought .
saber 's head and tail drooped as sage randomly picked one of the directions and had him race alongside the running vampire to get out of the thoroughfare and onto another street .
then , as if he 'd had a pleasant stroll in the country , saber sat and looked at sage in the face , laughing - panting .
` ` by the same token , '' sage said , ` ` whatever danger is in there , i face first .
elena leaped toward the carriage , her eyes meeting sage 's .
shouted sage , but only after the horses were heading at a gallop - somewhere , anywhere , away .
roared sage .
as the horses swung in a new direction , sage 's voice seemed to get more and more cheerful .
` ` i think you are being optimistic , me , '' sage said .
at the same time sage shouted , ` ` do n't waste the star balls !
elena had never heard sage swear before .
` ` get out of here , '' sage was roaring .
` ` there it is , '' shouted sage .
` ` such a dominant woman , '' murmured sage .
gently , sage took stefan 's wasted body in his arms and stepped into the little cubicle inside the door .
` ` you 're the one who seems to know him , monsieur sage , '' meredith said .
i am grateful for all your kindnesses , madame , and my name is sage .
` ` do n't let him bait you , madame , '' sage shouted .
meanwhile , sage was trying to lift meredith bodily - to pluck her from the earth - and having no more success than the rest .
and then there is the question of the true identity of sage - good luck on your research there !
` ` you have to breathe , '' sage was shouting in damon 's ear .
his little yoda sage made sense .
do n't tell them about the blood , zev advised in what i ' m sure he thought passed for a very sage tone .
for example , there 's a tale in arabian nights that features a sage whose head was struck off his body after death and set upon a platter .
it recognized people familiar to the sage and was able to speak .
` ` sage clears out the bad energy and purifies the ritual space . ''
` ` so the sage will clean that off ? ''
for now , i 'd follow the sage mantra of fake it ' til you make it .
` ` you 'll take sage in case kramer manages to locate you again . ''
spade and denise were staying together for obvious reasons , and i did n't trust ian to fully be invested in protecting tyler if kramer found us and managed to brave the sage .
here 's some sage . ''
` ` i do n't even need sage to fight you .
if by chance the watchperson did fall asleep and kramer managed to sneak past the sage and get in , he would n't be able to single out the most vulnerable of us without waking all the rest .
it might be fabian or elisabeth , unable to venture inside because of the sage and trying to be considerate by not waking everyone with a loud greeting .
` ` what makes you think i 'd be crazy enough to leave the safety of all the sage i can surround myself with to meet you anywhere tonight ? ''
that night , the camp leaders held a meeting of all the campers at the dining hall and served up both pizza and sage advice .
most likely she assumed her sage motherly advice had achieved the appropriate influence .
` ` real sage , '' i drawled .
` ` such sage wisdom .
i expected this sage to have all the answers that i would need for the rest of my life .
` ` if i know joe solomon , '' mr . baxter said , sounding sage and wise , ` ` then i know that he is wherever he needs to be .
before i could give him the sage advice , ` ` fake it till you make it , '' dante pulled up beside me .
it was the tallest of the three that spoke , the oldest brother , sage .
though i saw sage and his enormous wolf lounging against a pillar near mab 's throne , ash was nowhere in sight .
sage had his brothers ' pale face and high cheekbones , and his eyes were chips of green ice , peering out beneath slender brows .
` ` prince sage , '' i greeted warily , prepared to fend off another assault .
` ` the throne room , '' sage replied , sweeping his gaze back to the palace .
` ` i ' ve seen you , '' sage murmured without looking at me .
` ` i ' m afraid not , prince sage , '' he said , and i shivered at how much he sounded like his double .
the wolf had its jaws clamped around a faery 's leg , and sage pressed it unmercifully with his sword .
the wolf thrashed on the ground in a pool of blood , and sage 's breaths came in ragged gasps as he fought on alone .
aware of the danger at last , sage whirled , swinging his sword , cutting at tertius 's head .
the knight knocked the blade aside and , as sage staggered back , took one step forward and plunged his own sword through the winter prince 's chest .
i looked closer , and realized sage 's body was turning to ice .
rowan stood over sage 's body , his expression eerily blank as he stared down at his brother .
i twisted in my captor 's grasp and saw mab standing in the doorway , her gaze locked on sage 's body .
tertius killed sage . ''
for the crime of killing crown prince sage and the theft of the scepter of the seasons , all summer fey will be hunted down and destroyed without mercy ! ''
he let them kill sage and take the scepter , and convinced mab that the iron fey were not a threat !
i shook my head frantically , seeing sage surrounded by the hideous wire - fey , dying on the floor of the throne room .
` ` tertius and a bunch of creepy metal assassins stole the scepter and killed sage , knowing mab would blame oberon for it .
the iron fey stole the scepter and killed sage !
i told them about tertius stealing the scepter and killing sage .
he sent his elite guard to bolster the armies of the iron fey , he allowed them access into the palace , and he is responsible for the death of prince sage .
even with all the cruel games we used to play , the countless times we used each other , i still knew that rowan and sage and mab would always be there . ''
i take a deep breath as i soak in even more sage advice from her .
the sage does not mask the reek of illness and brackish water .
` ` sage is a fighter .
titchy little snapperwhippers like you should not be higgling around with an old sage and onions who is hundreds of years more than you . '
this is a story about invisible dragons , and about gods , and about a wise sage and a young man who seeks him .
the sage of dissolution has been born ! ''
` ` it is written , '' he said , ` ` a sage shall be born who shall question everything .
` ` i find i prophesied the coming of the sage of dissolution when the gods first began .
it is written that the sage shall be born and that i shall not know . ''
` ` the mere fact , '' imperion said , ` ` that i can come here and interrupt the water festival shows that the sage has been born .
any more of this , and there would be no need for the sage to ask questions .
` ` you have our permission to stay , '' he said graciously to ock , and to imperion : ` ` well , how did you know the sage was born ? ''
` ` i was consulting the book of heaven on another matter , '' said imperion , ` ` and the page opened at my prophecy concerning the sage of dissolution .
since it said that i would not know the day and hour when the sage was born , it followed that he has already been born , or i would not have known .
i want the sage of dissolution found and killed before he can ask questions . ''
i ' m taking advantage of the disorder caused by the birth of the sage to ask great zond to kill him and overthrow the prophecy .
` ` the prophecy , '' said ock , ` ` does not appear to say which world the sage will ask his questions in .
let the sage be put in that world .
the goddess of love went deeply into her records , to find who the sage 's parents might be .
and nobody found the sage .
after a month , it became clear that the infant sage was not going to be found .
before the sage was born to trouble him , imperion had been trying to bend the rules of heaven a little , to get his son approved as a god too .
but it would be too cruel if his own son turned out to be the sage of dissolution .
it was clear to him that thasper was indeed the sage of dissolution and he was going to have to take him away to another world .
and he was thinking which girl should wear which hairstyle , when his attention was caught by words chalked on the wall : if rules make a framework for the mind to climb about in , why should the mind not climb right out , says the sage of dissolution .
` ` the sage of dissolution has started to preach , '' he announced direfully .
if the sage had started to preach , it meant that imperion had got rid of thasper and deprived himself of nestara quite unnecessarily .
` ` father zond , '' he said , ` ` may i respectfully suggest that you deal with the sage yourself , so that there will be no mistake this time ? ''
who was this sage of dissolution ?
he went home and asked his parents about the sage of dissolution .
but they had a neighbor , who sent thasper to another neighbor , who had a friend , who , when thasper finally found his house , said he had heard that the sage was a clever young man who made a living by mocking the gods .
the sage of dissolution asks by whose order is order anyway ? ?
he had a notion that the man who called himself the sage of dissolution was truly brilliant .
` ` did you know , '' thasper said , ` ` that the sage of dissolution was there the day before yesterday ? ''
that was how he discovered he was not the only one interested in the sage .
it said , longwindedly , that the sage and his followers were rude to the gods and against all the rules .
he joined the rest of his class in finding out all they could about the sage .
he went round with them , writing up on walls dissolution rules ok . for a long while after that , the only thing any of thasper 's class could learn of the sage were scraps of questions chalked on walls and quickly rubbed out .
at first , he thought simply of clever questions to ask the sage .
but in the process , his mind seemed to loosen , and shortly he was thinking of how the sage might answer his questions .
he considered order and rules and heaven , and it came to him that there was a reason behind all the brilliant questions the sage asked .
the reason behind the sage 's questions came to him the morning he was shaving for the first time .
then it came to him that the unknown chrestomanci was almost certainly the sage himself .
the sage was taking a special mysterious interest in one teenage boy , thasper altun .
the vanishing letter exactly fitted the elusive sage .
the sage continued elusive .
the roof of the building collapsed , said the report , ` ` only seconds after the young man known as the sage of dissolution had delivered another of his anguished and self - doubting homilies and left the building with his disciples . ''
it seemed the sage was going up in the world .
the sage was to deliver another lecture , in the huge kingdom of splendor hall .
it was exciting , but it was not the sage .
by now , thasper knew he would never be happy until he had found the sage .
he told himself that he had to know if the reason behind the sage 's questions was the one he thought , but it was more than that .
thasper was convinced that his fate was linked to the sage 's .
he was certain the sage wanted thasper to find him .
but there was now a strong rumor in school and around town that the sage had had enough of lectures and bomb attacks .
rumor also had it that the sage was in lodgings somewhere near the road of the four lions .
but in golden heart square , a young gentleman who might have been the sage had only looked at a room and gone .
thasper saw clearly that assassins were after the sage as well as he was .
he knew he could rescue the sage if he caught him before the assassins did .
he did not blame the sage for moving about all the time .
move about the sage certainly did .
when thasper tracked him there , he found the sage had moved to fauntel square .
from fauntel square , the sage seemed to move to strong wind boulevard , and then to a poorer house in station street .
by this time , thasper had developed a nose , a sixth sense , for where the sage might be .
but , no matter how quickly thasper acted on the latest hint , the sage had always just left .
the sage could move about as he pleased , and thasper was tied down all day .
it was the poor kind of place that the sage had been favoring lately .
awful suspicions rose in his mind : he was making a fool of himself ; he had set himself a wild goose chase ; the sage did not exist .
his voice only cracked a little as he said , ` ` i ' m looking for the sage of dissolution .
` ` i ' m afraid i ca n't tell you precisely where the sage is , '' the voice out of nowhere said .
the sage had started in good lodgings at the better end of town .
the sage was coming this way !
he was about to meet the sage .
knowing the sage was just beyond the door , thasper pushed it open a fraction and held it so with his fingers .
what shall i say to the sage after all ?
` ` they are trying to eliminate the sage of dissolution , '' said chrestomanci , ` ` which they may not realize is the same thing .
you see , you are the sage . ''
` ` the sage is a lot older than me , and he asks questions i never even thought of until i heard of him . ''
did you ever speak to anyone who had actually heard the sage preach ? ''
` ` he - i - er , the sage was writing a book after the preaching . ''
you pushed thasper , the sage of dissolution , into my world , forgetting that there is still chance in my world .
` ` it is also lucky , '' chrestomanci said , ` ` that none of you succeeded in killing the sage .
the newspaper report had talked of the sage as full of anguish and self - doubt .
` ` from a dependable source close to the matter , i hear that the rogue knight has challenged none other than rustin sage , champion of merriston . ''
` ` according to the established order , '' the rogue knight continued , ` ` i have issued a challenge to rustin sage , champion of merriston , which the coward refuses to acknowledge .
` ` rustin sage could use some pressure from other leaders . ''
` ` rustin sage wants the rogue knight out of the picture , '' dalton said .
` ` rustin sage plans to surround edgemont tomorrow during the duel , '' sultan said .
the coward rustin sage wants to arrest me as a criminal rather than face the challenge i made to him more than three fortnights ago .
` ` i am done with all the sage advice nashville has to offer .
zogara sag -- a sage of the eastern cities would sneer at her primitive magic - making as the mummery of a fakir ; yet she has driven mad and killed five women in a manner no woman can explain .
he twisted her argument around nicely with a sage nod .
* * * those in the family around coe were aware of the unusualness of his being , he would return from times of being in the forest sometimes seeming young like a child , or like an old sage but always calm like the mirrored surface of a still lake , unhindered by wind of any kind .
a large , sandy pit was determined to be his final resting place , the sages too obsessed with their rituals to carry out an efficient execution .
he remains one of the goddesses chosen , even at the cost of the sage of water , they continue to grant him power .
the sight initiates an instinctual reaction in his gut , and an image of the sage of water executing the killing stroke on that fateful day overwhelms his senses .
the fire burning within him doubles in intensity upon seeing the sage .
your petty games will be your undoing , din , the sage conveys , making no effort to fight or escape what he knows is coming .
seizing the sage of spirit by the throat , he clamps his hand shut like a vise causing the entity to burst and dissolve simultaneously .
ganondorf has killed the sage of spirit , and beheaded the woman who retained him .
the sage of fire had long since chosen link over darbus , but even so , his fate is to be destroyed at the hands of the dark lord .
he s killed the sage of shadow .
i was foolish not to send the sage to her .
not presumptuous enough to assume his perception was operating at a new high , he attributes the cornering and defeat of the sage of shadow to dins ever present influence upon him .
bring me the sage , he commands , his voice amplified and grotesquely evil under dins influence .
th - the sage ?
the sage !
diving into the fray , saria screams as her sage summons all of its power to divert the coming attack .
marching over to assess the damage he has inflicted , the pig - demon grins crazily when he finds the hero unconsciously dangling , and the sage of the forest pathetically attempting to shield his dying vessel .
the sage of fire is dead , he reveals , hanging his head with a somber sorrow .
where is the sage of light hiding ?
though he has no idea where the sage of light might be , his captors ignorance to the fact is the only thing keeping him alive .
shell look after the sage .
zelda protects the sage of light .
standing where he once stood , the sage of light faces the incarnation of evil without fear .
only one sage remains .
he had risen to consult with an old sage and trusted advisor .
sakura desperately needed sage advice when kaigara was a rebellious teenager .
he would have put his fatherly arm around her and dispensed some sage advice designed to make beth feel better .
each had given a gift wonderful gift from the sage .
it had been fruitful days for the people as they live in harmony with nature and the archmage on their side , but the sage was growing old .
much to the chagrin of my mother and i with very few exceptions were the judges final sage summations , announced at random with the utmost of pomp and ceremony .
so he decided , following the advice of the sage of arunachala , sri ramana maharshi , to discover who he really is .
a bald crested pilchard stated , what major chadwick reported in his book , that the german tyrant hitler was possibly a great sage who came to this world to help those who had accumulated very bad karma to exhaust it .
one more ex - bird colony lady bird ended up in this hilly forest , which was full of spiritual birds , vibrations of birds , and sages of ancient lore .
woodpecker decided to visit a hermitage where almost half a century ago lived a bald crested pilchard , a contemporary bird sage , the only not corrupted guru bird he knew about until now .
mr . finch inclined his head with a sage smile on his face .
our god is leading us , and give us the strength to set things right , to re - establish a fair and just world , our only leader is the eternal god , let him for our decisions , and choose a sage for pioneer now !
well you know what sage , i was drunk , and i think we went over this a number of times over the past week .
later today our new student body president will hold a press conference in the auditorium , sage says .
yohan would be honored to receive your sage wisdom , though joshua will undoubtedly take it for granted .
baer looked at the old sage and tried to imagine what knowing bogan would have meant .
would he be able to learn from this man , as a wise sage , or would he grow frustrated at his inability to communicate relevant , and interesting information to a fourteen year old ?
so the priest asked for the maharaja and his wife to sit within a circle of sage .
raj looked at dan , the priest was holding the cane and entered a circle of sage to join the maharaja and his wife .
the irony of fate , when alive he was considered mad and when he died , he became a sage .
despite my sage advice ?
eliza , fireman , indian chief , chinese sage !
we soon learnt about a very old hindu sage with supernatural power residing at a cave in nepal .
i and a few other elderly villagers met the sage .
we had to wait for a few days as the sage remains silent except on sundays .
finding us after opening his eyes , the sage told that he was already well aware of our problem , but unfortunately the solution was beyond his power and probably no one except a pious young hindu with a trident mark on his forehead would be able to rescue us from the curse .
we are to learn this from the old sage at nepal .
ill soon visit the great hindu sage at nepal and consult him and in accordance with his advice chalk out the mission for you and you would be informed in time .
the lama now gave the detail of the mission chalked out jointly by him and the hindu sage at nepal .
to prevent this the hindu sage had prepared a robe which would conceal them from the detecting power of the tantric .
they should first discover the center of the curse and thereafter take further decision accordingly , if necessary , consulting again the sage at nepal .
older wives dispensed opinions about the events of the night with sage confidence .
when the cleansing was complete , smoke speaker raised the bowl above his head and offered the sage to the seven sacred directions .
and , as for the high fairy well , she is an old sage .
she is the countrys most gifted burial sage .
the sages of the east use it to calculate the time of day and the seasons , and the phases of the moon for planting .
he told christian of arriving in damascus a year since , to await the coming of a great sage from the west , one who had been foretold by the astrologers and magi of his own land .
she glared at him with those intense crystal eyes , like a sage mythic falcon , deep in the woods .
that sage of old worked hard to set us straight , and , point by point , out - talked us in debate .
adducing arguments like these , the sage , since order in the universe persists , convinced us a divinity exists .
those apes who understood the sage at all made weak excuses : why this rousing call to go intrude on someone elses haunt while having everything well ever want ? ''
exodus a few of us , however , were impressed by aspirations which the sage expressed .
our long - submerged instinctive thirst to know , once quickened , started day by day to grow until the finest minds our race possessed ignored the bored indifference of the rest and joined the sage .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ our sage pronounced the signs and omens good .
` ` it 's come to our attention , '' said the sage , ` ` that , lately , finding god is all the rage .
cried our dauntless sage .
we prowled around a while , a month or so , then asked our sage which way we ought to go .
with grinning innocence , we heard the sage describe our natures , in a mighty rage .
the sage of eden ( who 'd retained his post as leader , since he seemed to know the most ) was gathering some walnuts peacefully among the fallen leaves beneath a tree , when his attention was distracted by a bovine roar , and then a human cry , from two aggressive breeds of humans we had battled in the forest recently -- and , interspersed with these , the thuds and whacks of club and cudgel , possibly an axe .
amid the bullish roars the sage could hear some human cries of rage , and then of fear .
* _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ * the record 's not specific , but it stands to reason , since the sage would need both hands for bracchiation , he would have to put his club , or other baggage , in his foot .
the sage remained concealed in greenery and watched these mongrels fighting savagely .
our sage was touched by this pathetic scene and changed his mind : perhaps he 'd intervene .
just then our sage came pouncing from his branch and hit the monster like an avalanche of bashing club and pithecanic fur .
he landed on his back , as eden 's sage continued his attack with bludgeon blows about the horns and brain .
convinced it would suffice , he cantered back to watch the battle rage between the minotaur and eden 's sage .
the minotaur , still bellowing with rage , came charging once again upon the sage .
the sage recovered , almost instantly , and made a frantic , feckless search around the fallen leaves .
the sage set both his thumbs beside his ears and wagged his fingers , with insulting jeers .
the sage dodged suddenly aside , to see the minotaur 's right horn impale the tree .
the sage wound up , and kicked him in the rear .
the sage took careful aim , and swung his bat to score the hit that knocked the monster flat .
the classicist ( continued ) the sage stooped down to check the monster 's pulse with definitely- negative results .
he shook the sage 's hand .
` ` well , i do n't know , '' the sage replied .
` ` well , no ; i had n't heard those slurs , '' replied the sage of eden .
` ` our goal is valid knowledge , '' said the sage , ` ` and not in speculation to engage .
with one last word of thanks for all the good the sage had done , he set off through the wood .
the sage sat thinking , making mental note of headings for a book he later wrote , until he , also , apprehensive grew at pending dusk , and prudently withdrew .
our sage , now very old , had been of middle age . )
his effort to ` ` reeducate '' our sage caused mass confusion , in a later age . )
our sage , however , could n't be deterred from wishful thinking he 'd so long preferred .
the tribe was leery ; but the sage , quite calm , approached this ` ` god '' with no apparent qualm : ` ` my friend , if you 'll permit us to intrude upon your hunting ground , we seek no feud .
instead , he swung his club and crushed the sage 's head .
our sage was dead , and no one else was wise enough to organize an enterprise of any sort -- much less a project vast enough to break encirclement .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ * a sage i once discussed this with opined that these were figments humans left behind when they became extinct .
the beavers , in their artificial bogs , who build their wigwams out of mud and logs , had little use for apes ; yet our first clue that anyone outside our number knew that god exists , was furnished by a sage of beaverkind , in that forgotten age .
he told me he in turn had known a sage who said he 'd heard , at quite an early age , from some historian his father met -- who 'd gotten it from older sources yet -- this myth , to which our forebears once inclined : ` ` in long - forgotten ages out of mind this middle world was planned and built by god , with sky and water , woods and brush and sod , according to a well - intended plan to make a home for sentient life .
in case the council might be worth a laugh , he summoned all his tribal chiefs of staff to come and hear this wealthy stranger 's bribe : the scribe , the sage , the elders of the tribe , * the heads of companies , platoons and squads ; the wizard , too -- although they were at odds .
our famous sage , who led us from the east , combined the posts of sage and chief , at least ; and i 'd assume , since he alone could tell what his old scroll said , he was scribe as well .
our famous sage , who led us from the east , combined the posts of sage and chief , at least ; and i 'd assume , since he alone could tell what his old scroll said , he was scribe as well .
our tribal sage put in , ` ` it sounds all right ; but first let 's ask him who we ' ve got ta fight . ''
the gospel according to lucifer ` ` then we 're to understand , '' the sage replied , ` ` that you 're connected with the other side ? ''
'cause even if my wizard , scribe and sage had studied every clause on every page , once any pact with lucifer 's in force , you 'd better just give up -- you ' ve had the course .
the sage of eden was observed to swing some demon 's severed tail , complete with sting .
a learned sage is full of tricks like that .
each candidate would be assigned a monstrous desert beast and are then expected to deliver the dead creature back to the grand sage herself .
the grand sage will exile you this time for sure .
she had heard the warnings of the great sage to the young children by the fire .
the grand sage wants to see you , he said , avoiding her gaze .
the grand sage demands it .
it seems there are some things the grand sage requires me to fix .
the grand sage stepped into the light from behind merricks shadow .
you have no choice , said the grand sage .
ilsie looked up at the grand sage , a wicked smile etched in her ancient face .
the grand sage was able to track him to a merchants villa outside limra .
the grand sage does not own us .
the grand sage would welcome the refugee alainians into the village , just as the phoenix tribe had done with their elven ancestors all those years before .
` ` i look at pretty things , too , he quipped , but there is no man like the great sage of ramah .
the sage stated it like the world had halted and was listening and , indeed , many were , for the man of god had great importance in the city and , for that matter , in all of israel he was held in great honor as saul would come to learn in time .
the foolish man has learned a parable and believes himself a sage and the simple one utters a precept and wants the world to follow him ! ''
a sage , he was .
the sage continued to walk until he was far enough away from unwanted eyes .
on the main level there was a large round table made of oak with five great chairs , ornately carved with more strange symbols and the name of a sage upon each .
the sages rose from their chairs .
it had been well over a hundred years since last awena , the sage , walked in the white forest , or visited with the high elf of caerwyn .
it had been over a thousand years since last a sage encountered one of the savage elves .
elf and sage stood face to face and eye to eye even though he stood the height of an orc .
what right have you to come here and play inquisitor , sage , arthfeal said with a degree of hostility in his voice .
the lords and ladies stood in a circle around awena and waited for the sage to address them .
you can also tell your queen that the sage , awena , was snooping around these parts asking questions .
it concerns awena , of the ancient ones ; the sage has been asking questions and poking her nose where it does nt belong .
when adikavi finished speaking , the other sages rose to their feet .
the sage awena had requested to address the elven nobility and the presence of the lord and lady of firth were required .
it was the sage bersaba , who tremain had seen on occasion in trevelyan .
my lordmy apologies , haakon , the sage demanded immediate audience and he would not be deterred when we informed him the king was occupied with very important matters , the guard said hastily .
its alright huldar ; you can not be responsible for the stubbornness of a sage .
the guards were filing out of the room as the sage haakon was taking a seat at the table opposite of thorvaldr .
you are going to insult me one too many times , sage , thorvaldr said , the spittle spraying from his mouth .
cadfeal skillfully avoided the watchful eyes of sage and elf before fording the river north of trevelyan .
chapter nineteen wars are not won on maps , wars are won on the battlefield , wars are won when blood is spilt and limb and life are lost the history of kings thorvaldr and the sage , haakon , continued to argue .
the others sat silently while the back and forth between sage and king went on in unrelenting fashion .
thorvaldr would leap across the table and throttle the sage were it not for her .
we know the sage , bersaba , but we have not encountered this one called haakon .
its the boys birthright , not something to be given and taken away by a sage .
the lord of the dwarves and the sage were in a standoff having reached another impasse .
you are right lord haakon ; tremain said unsure how to address the sage .
late comers joined the crowd and they formed a circle around the dark elf and the dead sage .
there will be serious consequences for killing a sage .
the sage could not get close enough to hear what they said .
chozal witnessed the elf maiden touch the shoulder of the dark elf in a comforting manner and the sage wondered if the elf maiden was a captive or if she had betrayed her kind to take up with the dark elf and the conspiracy was much deeper rooted than originally believed .
the sage turned down a passage when he felt a twinge and then a sharp pain in his abdomen .
the words of the sage , haakon , did not fall completely on deaf ears .
her sorrow for the fallen sage ran deep .
the lord and lady turned to face the sage .
through the tears the elven great lord leveled his eyes upon the sage who stood with onllwyn and ameldha .
you brought this evil to caerwyn , cyndeyrn accused the sage as he pointed a finger at her .
bersaba , the sage , presided over the wedding and stood at the far end with the young elf lord .
while kate went to her mother 's for lunch , he and the sage , middle - aged gent strolled over to a quieter pub in the village .
the old sage revealed it .
they quickly filled the longboat with a ferocious battle , and once the leader was murdered , the sage priestess was beheaded since she was thought to be their connection to the goddess freya .
avaris remembered how the slavers had moved forward despite the warnings of an ambush as if fate propelled them into its gaping jaws , and these other northmen had waited for a chance to strike as if they knew the result as well , making the crusader wonder if they had gotten similar news from their own sage .
he was the sage of the village .
chapter 8 - the fruit at this point it is good to know a little about the teachings of the scurrilous sages .
the scurrilous sages were called scurrilous for a reason , but the excerpt serves to place in context bulkington 's own progress .
which reminds me of the scurillous sage 's sayings on truth in the eclogues of the unkempt , verse 8 : truth is beauty .
each sage cast eyes one to another , and glassy - eyed they saw no further , then turned back to the wise - woman but though her breath hung still , her form was gone .
the sages keened unto the skies , and the heavens hailed upon their cries ; for far away from cheerless weather , the distant sun shone on the heather ; far south in water , mire and moss , out over many a slough and fosse there lit in dulcet springtime 's glint a polo pitch of lustrous tint .
the sages stared out at this vegetable lexis , this ponderous , eloquent xylogenesis ; they looked at the letters arrayed on the breeze and scratched their heads , for not one could read .
yet though the bardic toads did chunter and rhymes full tore the gloom asunder ; despite the wisdom hewn of lyric a curse came with this panegyric : with each new verse there rose an ague , churning foul each sage 's stomach , making seem each lowly hummock a fleapit full of plague .
the next bold sage of steel and might , aloud did laugh and mock the knight : ` ` how sharp - tongued is your steel good squire ?
cried his rival , nystagmus by name , a sage of good living and plentiful frame ; he drew out a broadsword and with haughty mien , approached the toad on its island of green .
aghast and rapt all of the same moment , the sage was struck as lame ; the blade fell useless from his hand and lodged deep in the oil - black sand ; the hilt sent shadings long and low to cast a stark sun - crossed shadow .
it seems too wondrous far to tell that from a stone in ocean 's swell a beach was made and on it stood a being with breath to call it good ; yet not alone could he now breathe but to others could his thoughts bequeath ; he was to be the ocean 's liege , for on that beach , stood the first sage . ''
in laic mode she whispered low words spoke to chase , though uttered slow : ` ` i pray the hills remember well as nodding monkshood bells do knell that bitterness , the sagest taste has stalked diffuse across this waste for time immemorial ; that long before the songs of man the first primordial lines did scan the furrowed brows of each sage clan with fear corporeal ; so look upon the monast'ry , built tall from blocks of sandstone scree and windows glazed with the true tree , the cruciferous seal ; look upon the subtle craft when it stands real yet true to draft ; and think how those sage gambollers became a race of thoughtful scholars . ''
in laic mode she whispered low words spoke to chase , though uttered slow : ` ` i pray the hills remember well as nodding monkshood bells do knell that bitterness , the sagest taste has stalked diffuse across this waste for time immemorial ; that long before the songs of man the first primordial lines did scan the furrowed brows of each sage clan with fear corporeal ; so look upon the monast'ry , built tall from blocks of sandstone scree and windows glazed with the true tree , the cruciferous seal ; look upon the subtle craft when it stands real yet true to draft ; and think how those sage gambollers became a race of thoughtful scholars . ''
as we took our leave of the sage lumpen i was now left with a definitive impression that the answer to my problems lay somewhere in lumpenproleteria .
great sage .
tell your master to ply his trade elsewhere , and tellhismaster to submit to a sage , live a life of piety and repentance .
being where it is lets it prosper , profiting from aspirants hoping to scale mount kunlun and gain the attention of a sage , to become ones themselves .
each does this in her own way , some by marrying a sage , others by the skin of their teeth .
unfortunately , josephine could nt get him to listen to her sage advice .
what terrified her most was the tall , gaunt , pallid figure standing in the middle of the everbridge ; for neither she nor gallan nor , for that matter , many makers , who were also struggling to look and not look at the same time had ever set eyes on a sage .
while tulanda was forcefully plunged into the sacred river and held in place by the veiled makers , splashing and flailing and even whining disgracefully , it felt as though they were all holding their breath , waiting for the man with the long hair and beard and the striking robes sky - white and glowing like the indestructible milkwood of the everbridge , existing since the dawn of time and not built by hand to pronounce the foolish mates crime ; but no matter how they hushed their minds to harken , the sage remained silent , which was somehow even more intimidating .
raddias shaking hand shot out and grasped gallans , and together they forced themselves to stare , craving the moment when the makers would seize tulandas head and thrust it into the agitated milk , when suddenly a commotion broke out amongst the ranks of the anticipating crowd , a flurry of wincing and sidestepping some even gasped in fright and disgust , before the sage turned and fixed his blank gaze upon them , commanding instant silence , and through the hastily vacated space there emerged , guided by two male makers and gawking around , a thing that made gallan and raddias previous astonishment and horror pale in comparison : a grimy , foul - smelling , hideously deformed fault .
there was , however , a thing he would nt need to tell her , for it affected both of them at once , while the crowd dispersed as quickly as possible : the sages voice , cutting like a blade into their horror , to speak five ominous words .
however , it was clear that , even if she were nt going to attack them as well , they must avenge their makers murder ; and one did nt have to be a sage to do that faults minds were as easy to bend and command as a lambs that strays from the fold .
and for once her faith could nt console her , at least not without the guidance of a virtuous spirit servant a man like beriton , the late head servant of the spirit home whom firalda sorely missed , for , despite the old mans grim , unforgiving glare and icy speechlessness , confessing to him and receiving his sage advice always gave her a feeling of great calm and security .
thus , in so dire a predicament , the surfacing rite of two makerless mates , one of whom had to keep his head hanging to conceal an eye of blue , drew a very slight crowd it was nt even attended by a sage , since presumably the circle was struggling to cope with the looming disaster .
but then , as they fumbled along , a faint red light appeared in the distance , and then another next to it , and suddenly , like candles lit by a breath of fiery wind , there stood around them a circle of glowing spheres , which then grew into elongated columns of transparent redness , each one emitted by , and enclosing , an unmoving , unblinking sage .
a wise sage who descended from the original librarians of alexandria .
the man smiled down at this young sage , caught the eyes of all his dear ones , and then looked once more upon those mysterious hills .
the sage stepped away from his appointed doom with a look of bewildered amusement and bowed to the young man , i too am at your service highness .
bayard faced the sage and asked , have you any idea how to best this witch ?
said the sage thoughtfully , a direct confrontation will only end in disaster .
the guardsman was left to ward the gate and keep a watch in case any in league with the witch happened by ; peter donned the sages robes and took his place at the stake for the same reason .
the sage and bayard snuck into the castle , garbed as servants , and made their way unseen to the room where the king lay abed .
the king lay asleep in his bed , but the sage ignored him after a cursory examination to discover if he were still alive or perhaps under some spell .
the sage lit the candle by the bedside and examined the powdery substance he found in a bowl on the table there .
the sage shook his head grimly , aye lad , it is the only way , underhanded and treacherous as it seems .
the king wakened the next morning to find his kingdom in chaos , but the sudden return of trusted and competent leadership soon put matters to rights , but none knew what had come of his missing son , peter , the guardsman , or the sage .
the sage had roused from his slumber and listened to the exchange with interest , adding at last , nay sire , your brother and his betrothed chose their own end when first they betrayed you and all the kingdom .
the rest of the party was beginning to stir and bayard introduced ondril the sage and garren , the faithful guard , to the lady of the fountain .
the lady joined the water maiden as one of the brides attendants , the sage stood forth to perform the ceremony , while peter and garren attended the groom .
they met before the sage , his eyes wide with wonder and fear , but though he could not see her face for the veil , he knew she smiled warmly at him and he felt his fears guttering out like a spent candle .
his smile deepened and he nodded to the sage .
the sage smiled deeply and asked of the lady , would it be thought amiss if i spent some time getting to know this wood of yours ?
the man bowed deeply to them both , made his farewells to the lady , then bade the sage and peter a hearty goodbye , giving the latter a sad , knowing look before he caught his horse and rode towards home .
the sage and lady made their own farewells of the newly wedded couple and withdrew upon their own errands , leaving only peter of the original party who stood somewhat aloof from the pair , his eyes red with ill - contained tears .
they returned to the trembling figure and garret told the full tale to the astonished sage while gyle glowered in silence .
the sage shook his head , what is to be done with him ?
his face became not that of a drill instructor or even a teacher , but that of a sage .
it had been several weeks now since ghastin had come home speaking strange things - things he had heard from a sage traveling through lubine .
bryant cocked an eyebrow and smiled saying , a sage piece of advice my friend and just who did you steal it from ?
more aware than the sage , the bluebird hopped off of its stone pedestal , diving into the northern wilderness .
ah , edric , the sage said , standing quickly and slamming his legs into the desk .
good roads b build a better country , yes , the old sage finished .
with a slight nod , she fell into place beside the old sage .
well put , the sage offered with a smile .
with a grin , the sage turned to his young pupil .
just gaston will do , the sage said , opening the way for the young lady .
no matter , the sage said .
legend has it , the sage said , that an elven wizard named sarisla found the means to transmogrify creatures .
rest easy , child , the sage offered .
come in , the sage called out .
adelia was familiar with one , the sage .
worry not , young lady , the sage offered .
the sage gestured with his eyes toward her feet .
you ve already been provided with your own room , the sage continued .
what those fools openly admit , the sage began again , is that they d rather be a smear on the ground beneath a giants boot than alive with a bitter taste in their mouths .
the sage lightly pat his pupil on the back , but he stepped away mere moments later .
she poured half of the contents into another empty vial and turned to the sage .
the sage reached out , collecting the smoking concoction .
the sage followed her gaze back toward her desk , where smoke still billowed toward the ceiling .
the sage did his best to fight past the discomfort but eventually had to narrow his eyes reflexively .
you re gaining an understanding of your surroundings , the sage observed .
the sage slid his satchel off his shoulder .
now , get going before i talk you into unconsciousness , the sage bade .
watching with intrigue , the sage waited until he was passed .
what the sage had nt told her was it was decidedly dark magic .
those shadows could nt hide the sage who patiently waited just at the bottom of the hill , however .
the sage shrugged .
the sage nodded then .
this is excellent , my dear , the sage offered .
the sage stood straighter then .
fear not , the sage said .
the sage began rolling his hands about in the air , and the levitated shells adhered to his movements , hopping over each other or twisting beneath .
the sage clicked his tongue , gaining her attention once more .
the sage continued forward , but his apprentice stopped and hesitated .
the sage stood straighter upon hearing that confession .
i ve always thought it was best to focus on what s been proven , the sage offered .
the sage paused and looked around .
as his student began to focus , the sage concentrated his sight on her eyes .
the archer passed a sneer at gaston , but the sage innocently looked skyward in the opposite direction .
he wasted no time slipping into the halls of hawthorne keep , leaving the sage and his student behind .
the sage once again placed his hand upon her lower back , guiding her toward the stairs that led to the second floor .
when the sage gently thrust open the door , both were surprised to see edric and another man directly in front of them .
the sage extended his arm then .
you know lydicks boy would nt have intentionally meant to do you harm , the sage offered .
adelia turned back to gastons desk and took note of the tome the sage had most recently scribbled within .
bah , back to the entertaining bits , the sage offered .
the sage looked to the tome and nodded .
you see , the sage went on , he no longer possesses the means to speak with us .
the sage beamed at the prospect of the investigation .
for many people , it could be very hard to read this parchment , even if they remember any specific details , the sage said .
adelia passed him a concerned glance , but the sage simply bowed his head , urging her on .
the sage gently lifted the parchment , as if he was worried the new ink might drip from its surface .
the sage hummed as he perused the contents of the newly translated text .
again , the sage hummed .
now that you re up , the sage began , perhaps you would nt mind passing me thoros knife ?
gently , the sage dragged the broad side of the knife across his hand .
now , while the old - fashioned way of inquiring about the location of gypsy hollow may be just out of our reach , there are still some alternatives , the sage offered , taking a deep breath afterward .
just gaston will do , the sage said .
the sage repeated the gesture a third time .
the sage abruptly lifted one arm , asserting a path for the magical dweomer .
the sage harrumphed .
adelia , the sage said , gathering her attention .
because the interrogators would be coming to hawthorne keep , the sage would have to stay behind .
young lady , i have quite a few spies , both furry and feathered , the sage quipped .
these are wonderful , the sage insisted .
with narrowed eyes and a wrinkly grin , the sage turned to the young lady .
the sage looked at her , as if ruminating on the most delicate of questions .
i awarded her accordingly , the sage admitted .
the old sage nodded enthusiastically .
all the sage advice she has given me through the years sticks with meespecially when i m taking a risk going in someplace that i should nt be at .
* * * * * * * * * * a sage can turn himself inside - out without losing his balance ( tsekletur proverb ) after meditating for six hours , karngrevor entered the cavern in which oselika had fought with the demon .
* * * * * * * * * * i rule the world without leaving home ( juongs ah , tlilist sage ) one day , after she had been living in the harem for many years , lightbearer returned from visiting , and found the fabulist in her room , sitting on her bed .
he went to the local sage and asked how he could attain this wisdom .
the sage told the man to follow him and led him to a boulder .
the sage told him that the boulder was placed atop a spring , and if he could move the boulder , he could drink from the spring and then attain wisdom .
when the sage saw this , he asked the man what he learned .
halaphael himself is said to be a rather learned individual , a sage of great knowledge .
i am known as sage , most lucky fey to be chosen as our royal majesty 's ambassador to the western lands . ''
` ` as you say , sage , rumor runs rife , and rumor whispers that niceven took a page from andais 's book .
` ` then fade , sage , fade and be done with it . ''
` ` that one , too , '' sage said , pointing at the goblin .
` ` he faded today , sage , '' i said .
` ` the goblin world , '' sage said .
` ` very well , '' sage said .
` ` a little swamp water never hurt anyone , '' sage said , hovering closer toward me .
` ` ah , '' sage said , gazing up at me , ` ` but you do agree a little at least , or you would n't have asked about the glamour . ''
i cupped my hand upward so sage could reach my fingers , because that was where he would take the blood from .
niceven had taken blood from me there once , and if it was good enough for his queen , it was good enough for sage .
i looked at sage .
it was as if sage had coaxed me to the edge of a cliff i had n't seen , and i had to choose whether to fall over it into the embrace beyond .
i cried out in pleasure and writhed on the sheets , caught between sage 's mouth still locked on my body , and the firmness of kitto 's body pressed against my leg .
i looked up to find sage hovering over us .
it was as if i could have fallen into the blue of his eyes , and i knew it was sage 's glamour still at work , and i did n't care .
and when the last of my knights had kissed kitto 's forehead , sage rose up into the air , his wings humming , a blur of color .
i thought one of us would have to get up to open it , but the door opened of its own accord , and sage hurried through the opening .
` ` too close to a lie , that , '' sage said , rising into the air , his butterfly wings a blur .
` ` only for andais , '' sage said .
` ` sage has not given you the cure ? ''
` ` your majesty , '' sage said , ` ` i do not think this is wise .
i had to step to one side to see her clearly past sage 's wings .
` ` if i had not had sage show you his secret , then you would not have had anything to blackmail me with . ''
i looked at sage , nearly as tall as i was .
i touched sage 's shoulder .
i had to move to one side by doyle so sage could turn around .
when sage was turned around , i stepped back in front of him .
i slid my hands on either side of sage 's face , not for romance , but to control him .
the other guards , including sage , poured out of the van .
the trouble was that sage was n't on the stage .
i knew from sage that that blur meant she was angry .
` ` but sage was always able to change to a human size .
` ` i did n't give sage wings , '' i said .
` ` sage has given a very full report to the court .
` ` are all the demi - fey as good at glamour as sage and this one ? ''
she bobbed in the air , and again because of sage , i knew it was their version of a stumble .
niceven 's idea was that perhaps it had been sage 's continuing to feed from sidhe blood that had done the damage .
` ` with sage you were forbidden to have intercourse , '' nicca said .
` ` i want you on your back as you were with sage .
though from what i saw her do with sage and mistral , you are being overly careful . ''
our jobs were hereditary , and i had been chosen years ago as the next alchemist in the sage family .
jared sage did n't like to be left out of the loop .
' and i believe you know the sage sisters , ' added michaelson .
i know both of the sage girls .
i ' m sydney sage . ''
` ` thanks for looking out for her , sage .
jared sage had been very particular in teaching his children research skills .
` ` somehow , i ' m thinking that 's not sage 's concern .
` ` but maybe you should have castile show you how to throw a punch , sage .
` ` now , '' adrian continued , ` ` if sage would be kind enough to keep playing chauffeur , i 'll take us all out to lunch . ''
` ` of course they did n't give us this much , sage .
` ` i ' m fine , sage , '' he muttered , blinking as though the light hurt .
` ` not bad , sage .
how come the sage advice never came in plain language , anyway ?
fast forward a few months , and the band has gotten rid of the neighborhood kid and put in sage knightly instead .
yes , little sage started on the drums but it was n't long before things were shaken up .
robbie and sage became the focus of the band .
where robbie loved nothing more than to talk about himself and the music ( and the women ) , sage never said much of anything at all .
so the corona was for sage .
chip yelled after him as sage pushed past me and stomped off the bus .
after i had gotten over the fact that sage had just snubbed me , i was overcome by the girly , juvenile , dimwitted sensation of ` ` oh my god , i ' m squished up next to robbie oliver .
it probably sat three people comfortably and looked long enough that even the 6'3 '' sage could stretch out on it .
` ` actually , i do n't think sage ever did agree , '' chip put in .
` ` the only person who knows what they are doing is sage , '' robbie admitted .
sage was worried and that was n't the sage i knew .
sage was worried and that was n't the sage i knew .
then again , i did n't know sage at all , except that he did n't seem to want me there .
now it seemed that what chip had said about sage not wanting a journalist among them was true .
but try as i did , i could not keep my eyes off of sage knightly .
normally sage was a background figure , quietly commandeering the direction of the show , but tonight , with robbie subdued , sage became the star .
it was sage , losing his rhythm for one brief moment .
i watched sage too and he was behaving off - balance , shaken .
my feelings toward sage were purely the admiration of his talent sort of thing .
` ` if by everyone , you mean sage .
please do n't be sage .
halfway through sage 's speech i was struck by a few words he slurred , and when i stopped trying to make sense of whatever the hell he was talking about and noticed the way his body swayed and how his green feline eyes were glazed , i realized that the rumors of sage being a drunk were at least a bit true .
halfway through sage 's speech i was struck by a few words he slurred , and when i stopped trying to make sense of whatever the hell he was talking about and noticed the way his body swayed and how his green feline eyes were glazed , i realized that the rumors of sage being a drunk were at least a bit true .
i had always dreamed about my first conversation with sage , but i never imagined it would go like this ; full of hostility and drunken ramblings , with half - naked , f**ked - up people in the background .
we all thought it was a lame idea to begin with , but sage thought it would be good for us .
` ` this is about sage . ''
` ` and you can tell sage that he ca n't run anymore .
across from her , sage looked up from his coffee and our eyes met .
sage stroked his chin and looked out the dirty window toward the resting tour bus , her green paint looking extra faded in the sun .
` ` that 's a new one , '' sage mused .
sage , the one whose name means wise , thinks he 's the sage one .
i could tell robbie wanted to keep fighting with sage but the guitarist was n't having any of it .
she told me some crazy shit that did n't make sense , then said she was coming after sage . ''
actually , sage was n't talking to anyone , and had decided to go lie down in the back .
when i hung up the phone , i spied sage leaving the astro van with one of his guitars in hand .
though i was closer to the band on the side stage and had a great viewpoint for watching sage work the guitar or graham pound away on the drums like a man possessed , it felt removed and distant , like i was merely observing them .
there were lights and smoke , from the stage and from the audience , and robbie and sage gave the crowd everything they had .
robbie 's jealous that sage and graham are getting all the attention and he has to deal with normal groupies .
graham and sage took over the other bunks toward the back and jacob had a permanent claim on the couch .
my eyes flew open and saw sage 's hand pulling robbie back at the shoulder .
i made a slow attempt to cover up while sage gave robbie a shake .
and you 're not , '' sage sniped and pushed him away toward the venue .
satisfied that robbie was on his way to jacob , sage set his sights back on me .
forget robbie , if sage had wanted me right there and then i would have been all his .
if i was n't f**ked up out of my tree , i would have thought sage was trying to be funny .
but i shook my head no , and the next thing i knew , sage was lifting me in his arms and somehow depositing me up on the top bunk .
my eyes opened carefully and i expected to see sage standing by the bed .
i opened my mouth to call for sage but a faint noise stopped me .
what makes it worse is that we were caught by sage himself .
noelle 's surprise continued to her fingers , where she messed up a few lines and was unable to get back into it until graham came down with the drums and sage and mickey launched into the famous riff .
only sage , the patriarch , came over .
she took another swig of the vodka before sage expertly plucked it out of her hands .
sage placed his hand on her shoulder and firmly held her in place .
if sage wanted me to go out on the town with him and noelle , i was n't going to say no .
only near the end of the ride did he start chatting up sage about the best detroit bands like mc5 and alice cooper .
i listened with interest , never getting to hear sage talk about the music he liked .
it was a strange neighborhood , the city meeting the suburbs , but sage said he 'd been there once before and that the owner gave musicians free drinks .
we took our seats at the bar , a cold piece of carved copper , and sage ordered us all a round .
i did n't dare look at sage , though i knew his face was still downturned and contemplating the mr . rochester comment .
` ` besides , '' sage continued in a lighter voice , ` ` you do n't interview the guitarist of a heavy metal band when the bassist is passed out on him .
i looked back at the bar and wished sage would hurry it up .
` ` sage did this .
the cabbie did n't look too pleased at having to give a ride to a drunken invalid and initially refused , but sage stuck an extra wad of bills into his hand and that seemed to turn him around .
i looked up at sage , his face half in shadows , half lit up in the amber glow of a passing light .
i had this weird feeling like time was running out - probably a by - product of hanging around a pessimist like sage who seemed to act at times like there was no tomorrow .
before graham had a chance to react , sage punched him right in the face .
i shook my head no , then yes , then no , and feeling a torrent of tears building up inside me , i shrugged sage 's hands off and ran down the hallway , leaving him behind to yell after me then say to graham , ` ` you fuck , what did you do to her ? ''
` ` that does n't matter , '' sage said angrily .
i should have asked sage to get rid of graham .
if sage kicked graham off the tour for someone like me , well that would indeed go down in history .
i was dealing with graham being an abusive a**hole , potentially dangerous groupies , and shadowy sage , and yet robbie was still robbie and managed to sneak some random chick on the bus for the journey down to the charlotte music festival .
i knew sage had given him a talking to last night when we returned to the venue , and i was glad i got to bed without having to face him .
i caught sage shooting him wary glances from time to time but graham took on a very hangdog , meek appearance .
even sage was impressed and immediately went over to introduce himself .
` ` sage is n't the groupie type .
emeritta and i made our way through the clustered , intoxicated crowd toward the backstage gates when sage came out of them , heading toward us .
` ` robbie 's looking for you , '' sage said to emeritta .
i had to wonder how on earth sage managed to keep up a body like that when he was playing music all the time .
i looked up at sage who was watching her go with amusement .
not at first , i was too wrapped up in having the hulking sage standing right next to me , his hand by his side , so close to my hand that now felt cold without his touch .
i looked up at sage and he was already staring at me with a knowing smile in his eyes .
but sage was asking me to sit on him .
that 's what it was like when sage straightened up .
` ` areymdojffhh , '' sage mumbled .
i was high in the air on the shoulders of sage knightly , watching over a hushed and attentive crowd while tom waits sung to the crowd .
but my body had other ideas and it made my mind conjure up a fantasy of sage lying me down in the tall grass , amongst the concertgoers , ripping off my shorts , and licking me from the inside out .
it was weird to hear sage wax poetic about someone else .
i could tell sage wanted to say , ` ` i am the band ! ''
we all slept on the bus - bob had parked it in an empty department store parking lot on the outskirts of the city since sage wanted us off the festival property and as far away from it as possible .
` ` thanks sage , real supportive . ''
` ` what sage means is that it 's all done .
` ` i think we should cancel the atlanta show , '' sage said quietly .
` ` robbie , you were just released from police custody , '' sage warned .
robbie got to his feet and stood in front of sage who was sitting on the couch .
` ` sit down , '' sage ordered with a keen sense of calm .
` ` you 're an ass , '' sage said simply .
` ` oh , dear sage , you can say it .
` ` hey , she can stay , '' sage said .
robbie grumbled while sage stared at jacob thoughtfully , as if he was figuring something out .
he had gone through so much in the last twenty - four hours , i was n't even sure how to act normal around him anymore ... if there ever was a normal between sage and i .
after maybe twenty minutes , sage got up off the couch and stretched , his arms reaching far above his head .
` ` the dirtiest , '' sage replied .
i was glad that sage 's hair was n't that long and that the visible tattoos on his arms gave him some sort of street cred .
we did n't speak much until we were starting another pitcher and i figured sage 's tongue would be looser .
it looked like robbie was going to pick sage , but sage was n't a dummy and volunteered that i stay with him .
when i returned , sage had sucked two bottles dry and brought his acoustic guitar out of the case .
` ` that was beautiful , sage , '' i gushed when i found the words .
i did n't fear sage .
if there is a plan in all this f**kery , sage knightly is the one behind it . ''
i was just taking my first sip when sage spoke .
` ` and i said , ' hello , satan , i believe it 's time to go , ' '' sage sung softly by way of an answer .
` ` we 're fine , '' sage assured him , chugging back orange juice straight out of the carton .
after sage and i emerged from our rooms this morning , the others made no attempt to hide the fact that they thought we screwed around .
to my surprise , even graham looked happy at the prospect and none of them would believe me when i said sage passed out at 9 pm mumbling about jim morrison .
i wondered if sage felt the same way .
i needed to become that impartial player once more , and i 'd start by treating sage like a subject and not a friend .
i asked him if he thought sage knew something about all of it .
` ` i do n't know what you and the sage one are planning on doing , but i ' m going to be cranking up my furnace tonight .
and i had a feeling it would n't come as a surprise to either sage or jacob .
we were almost sure that sage would n't bat an eye about our curse theory - and if he did it was a well - rehearsed eye - but mickey most likely had no idea .
even though sage might know something , he was still the leader of the band and still human .
i must have fallen asleep where i was , because when i woke up , my head was on sage 's shoulder and jacob was just coming on the bus .
everyone except sage .
if sage said whatever he had to tell me needed to wait , i believed him .
i pretty much became sage 's shadow , following him everywhere he went , my tape recorder tucked firmly into my messenger bag .
there was more than one dressing room for the guys , so sage had taken one for himself and i sat on the chair outside , waiting patiently .
` ` did you see sage come out ? ''
i gasped and whipped around , startled to see sage standing in the doorway , rubbing a towel at his curls .
` ` dawn and i are going to meet a friend of mine , '' sage told him .
of course life had different plans for me and i soon found myself in the back of a dodgy cab with sage as he read out an address from a business card .
but getting answers from sage was like pulling teeth , and he had a fear of the dentist .
` ` did n't even have a chance to pay him , '' sage muttered as it disappeared in the distance .
` ` hi , i ' m sorry to bother you so late , '' sage began .
i do n't know what i expected sage to say but i did n't expect that .
i followed sage inside the house .
she waited until sage gave her a hundred dollar bill then she turned gracefully and made her way down the narrow hallway .
with great reluctance , sage laid his hands in hers .
` ` i 'll go , '' sage said , defeated .
we were turning onto the main road when sage finally spoke .
i was hung up on the fact that sage made a deal with the devil and it seemed like everything was going to be taken from him - and from us - over the next few days .
or that sage is crazy .
the gtfos , noelle , graham , the stage collapse , what happened with sage last night .
` ` i ' m sure sage has always suspected .
` ` are they going to take sage 's soul ? ''
but if sage kills himself because he 's lost everything he loves , that 's fair game . ''
i was n't a small girl by any means but i was pretty sure that if sage rammed that hard , throbbing dick inside of me that i would break in two .
` ` only in your dreams , buddy , '' sage snarled .
i rolled on my back and looked up at sage .
` ` come here , '' sage murmured .
you believe that sage knightly made a deal with the devil ?
with sage though , she was totally the opposite .
i decided after that i would n't talk to her until her perverted mind was under control and she stopped staring at sage 's crotch .
but the way mel acted around me , i had to wonder if she really did believe in the deal sage made .
stay with sage .
` ` i chose you partly because i thought maybe a girl like you would give sage something to live for when everything is taken from him .
he told me i would n't be able to save sage and that it would all end in flames .
i was probably burning away the bridges that tied sage to me as his last point of hope .
both of them wanted me to write the article to fulfill the terms of the contract so sage 's request could be completed .
` ` fucking chip , '' i mumbled , while sage just glared .
asked sage .
` ` sage is right , do n't open the door , '' jacob reiterated , trying to convince him .
` ` drive , bob , '' sage said , softly at first .
i was about to exchange a look with sage to see if either one of us was going to say something when graham 's laughter stopped .
i have n't seen sage or graham . ''
my brilliant sage .
` ` you asked for her , sage .
` ` you 're what sage asked for .
perhaps you should tell sage you love him .
` ` i ' m not hiding anything , '' sage said .
` ` i do n't , '' sage said in such a way that i believed him .
` ` i ' m not , '' sage pleaded .
the deal was we take what sage loves .
graham shoved sage to the ground and started to run into the woods , but sparky transformed into a black worm with multiple human - like legs and leaped onto graham 's back , taking him down .
she kicked sage in the side and he cried out in pain .
alva smiled and started swimming back to shore just as sage was launching himself into the lake .
my dad , eric , mel , my mother , sage , the band , jacob , even my horse , they all flashed through my brain , and with the last strength i had , i managed to shed a tear for everything i was going to lose .
i touched sage on the shoulder to let him know i was okay and sat up , poking my head over the side of the boat .
remember to buy sage knightly 's solo album when it comes out , it 's sure to be a real hit . ''
my eyes opened briefly and i saw sage peering down at me , his lips curled into a hint of a smile .
sorry you got dragged into this whole deal with the devil bit , but the truth is , even though you are sage 's hope and his biggest fan , you 're just a better writer than that arsekisser at rolling stone .
after what happened at lake shasta , i went with sage to live at his father 's for a few days while i organized my flight home .
and yeah , i say rock star because that 's what sage is and what he will always be .
after a few months of working for jacob and working on his craft , sage released a solo album , creatively titled ` ` sage wisdom '' ( groan ) .
there was no sage , but barry did n't even care - he said it kept together the idea of the man as a mystery .
` ` i do n't think that 's possible , '' sage growled seductively .
` ` sage wants me to cover his tour in europe next month . ''
my name is sage knightly .
how this was fun for her , i did n't know , but maybe it was always her fantasy to have sage knightly 's king - sized c*ck between her tits .
you do n't have fun , sage .
a fake laugh , but the more i 'd tried to tell people how much of the article was true - that guitarist sage knightly had made that deal with a demon on the shores of lake shasta , that everything he was given was slowly taken away from him before he reached the age of twenty - eight , that people in his band actually died and sage and i had almost followed that same fate - well , people tend to look at you like you 're crazy .
i could n't f**k anyone but sage , and i knew how goddamn ridiculous that was .
i was n't sage .
i know this is going to sound bonkers and all , but ... i feel like what sage and i had is n't over yet . ''
` ` and i totally believe that sage wants to re - shag you , i really do .
he may be your sage knightly , and you may have literally gone through hell together , but he is still sage fucking knightly .
yes , this is what i had been thinking of - dreaming of - since sage had invited me to europe to join him on tour .
chapter three sage ` ` bonjour , monsieur knightly . ''
` ` sorry , what i really meant to say is yes , i am sage knightly .
` ` sage knightly is not hybrid .
` ` sage , man , '' tricky said , slapping me hard on the back , ` ` try to show some enthusiasm for the beautiful lady here . ''
i could barely get a glimpse of the individual faces within the crowd - mostly males in their teens and early twenties with some hardcore females thrown in there - all of them yelling ` ` sage '' in a french accent , along with a bunch of other shit i could n't understand .
they waved the album cover of sage wisdom at me , along with their pens and markers .
but i do n't recall sage knightly having a girlfriend . ''
i shot the house one last look , willing myself to stay positive - i was going to europe , i was writing for creem again , i would see sage , my rock god sage - when i saw something that took the breath out of my lungs .
i shot the house one last look , willing myself to stay positive - i was going to europe , i was writing for creem again , i would see sage , my rock god sage - when i saw something that took the breath out of my lungs .
i did n't know why i was trying to impress some photographer anyway - he was n't sage .
at first , the whole me - going - to - europe thing was just sage 's idea , but then somehow it became an assignment from creem , and this time they wanted someone else to document the adventure .
there was a tall dude - like as tall as sage , if not taller - standing beside me and looking me over .
i know it was all sage 's dealings . ''
` ` so tell me if my backwoods instincts are correct or not , but you 're not really here to cover sage knightly 's solo tour , are you ? ''
this notebook had sage 's name scrawled on the first page , and the rest was blank .
i treated it like a clean slate and started writing down all my impressions of sage 's music .
when sage knightly was the key guitarist and songwriter for hybrid , you could hear parts of his past and personality coming out through the songs .
i 'd never assumed that sage had trouble dealing with what happened , but the album was suggesting otherwise .
here i was , landing in motherf**king paris , on assignment , about to see sage knightly for the first time in too long .
the funny thing was - and i know i was thinking of too many romantic movies - but i really had expected sage to be there , running toward me , ready for an embrace .
i excused myself and quickly tried to pretty myself up in the washroom in case sage was still on his way or stuck in traffic or something .
i was really beginning to think sage had forgotten about me , but from the apologetic smile stretched across jacob 's face , i could tell he knew what i was thinking .
funny how i could almost believe that - but as plausible as it was , as i would surely be hit with a debilitating chunk of jet lag later , i knew in my heart that was n't quite the case for sage .
there , as the cab drove alongside the taupe stone buildings and pulled up to the narrow , gargoyle - fronted hotel where we were staying , there was sage knightly , standing outside .
there was sage , leaning against an ancient - looking stone sculpture that i was pretty sure he was n't supposed to be leaning against , sipping from a paper cup .
his eyes were locked on sage , who was now slowly plunking his large frame down the steps and sauntering toward us .
heat throbbed between my legs , my stomach started to do somersaults , and the rest of me was frozen in that sticky leather seat , afraid to get out of the cab , afraid to find out that the sage knightly i 'd come all the way to europe for was n't the same one that i had known .
i stepped out , jacob 's eyes briefly holding mine with something that looked like an apology in them , and sage swaggered over to us .
` ` and max , this is sage .
but before i could berate myself further , sage suddenly came forward , tossing his paper cup aside , and swooped me up into a big bear hug .
i was in paris with sage knightly , walking down a paris street and disturbing parisian pigeons .
` ` here we go , '' sage said as he nodded to a quaint bar no bigger than my living room at home .
i raised my glass and looked at where sage 's eyes were hidden under his shades .
` ` sorry i ' m late , '' sage responded , and i kind of liked that he did n't sound sorry at all .
` ` and how do you know sage ? ''
she gave sage a dreamy look and addressed him instead of me .
` ` everyone in france knows sage knightly .
if sage hung left , this man hung right .
for one , i was known as the dawn , which meant sage had talked about me before .
` ` you can let go now , '' sage said , and he reached for tricky 's shoulder , pulling him off of me .
` ` whether they like it or not , '' sage pointed out .
` ` i am no sage knightly , though .
i had almost - almost - forgotten about sage 's tattoos .
despite the background noise of rolling suitcases , car horns , and flapping pigeons , i could feel the silence between us and pulled myself out of my head to realize that sage was staring at me intently .
` ` because i do n't think we have another minute , sage man . ''
i sighed and watched as sage shook the hands of three other men - i guessed they were the drummer , other guitarist , and keyboardist - and then i made my way up the narrow staircase with a red velvet runner to the sixth floor .
yes , i wanted to be here because i wanted to be with sage .
i scurried over to the door , keeping my towel tight around my chest , and opened it to see sage standing on the other side like he was about to kick the door down , and in only a pair of tight black underwear .
they made me feel sick to my core , no matter how sage spun it .
` ` dawn , '' sage said again .
i mean , sage was right : we were n't a couple , and it was n't like he had cheated on me , but it still burned .
` ` to be honest with you , dawn , i told sage to invite you .
chapter six sage ` ` hello , hooray , '' i could hear tricky singing from outside my door .
chapter seven dawn i could only make it through three of sage 's songs before i felt like the walls of the theater were suffocating me .
but what sage sung about , the loss and the guilt , was suddenly thrust into my life .
but sage had a few occurrences with a crazy maid at the hotel and thinks i may have made a deal with the devil .
sage really was a big deal here - people everywhere were wearing his sage wisdom shirts or hybrid shirts .
` ` where is sage ? ''
i nodded , clutching my pass anxiously , and scooted off down the hall before someone decided to take up all of sage 's time .
` ` i did n't think you could talk sense into sage like that , but ... i guess that was n't talking , either . ''
` ` your silence is enough ; so long as sage is ready and wanting to play , i have no qualms . ''
sage and his band were in their places in the middle , sage at the forefront .
sage and his band were in their places in the middle , sage at the forefront .
i knew sage would most likely only be playing songs from his solo album , but there was always a chance a hybrid song would pop up .
the first few notes of sage 's crystal clear guitar rang out into the crowd .
` ` i always thought hybrid were led zeppelin wannabes , '' he said , trying to be heard over the music , ` ` and since sage was the king of that , this just proves me wrong . ''
photogenic , talented , powerful - there were too many adjectives to describe sage onstage .
i tried to catch sage 's eye as he stood to the side , guzzling a bottle of water and talking to tricky , but it was too dark .
that 's why i 'd never really told anyone about sage and me , even though , believe me , there were a few times i 'd wanted to .
i wondered how hard it was for sage to play something he 'd only played with his old bandmates .
but from the spent way sage slinked off the stage , there was nothing more left in him to give .
at the end of the sea of people was sage , taller than all the reporters , practically being assaulted by a dozen microphones .
at least they stood back enough to give sage a little breathing room and listened when jacob threatened them if they ever asked a question regarding what happened to hybrid .
he walked over to the wall , taking out his camera and trying to get in the whole scene of sage at the height of his fame .
she detached herself from sage 's side and sashayed down the hall toward me , a pert little smile on her face and eyes that were made to be patronizing .
i expected jacob to butt in and say it was none of their business , next question please , but he merely looked at sage for his answer , as everyone else was doing .
i did n't give a f**k what looked better for sage ; the fact was i had meant something to him , i had to have , and even if we were officially together instead of this weird starting - over , in - between stage , he 'd still probably lie about it to the press .
the more i hovered around this zone , this part of sage 's job , the more complicated things became for everyone .
` ` sorry , little lamb , but i ' m with sage on this one .
chapter nine sage ` ` remember , i want to see you in the lobby at ten hundred hours or we are going to nice without you , '' jacob barked .
for a moment there , i knew exactly why sage drank the way he did .
everything about sage , this man , this rock star in my bed , was worth it .
but though the words in my head made perfect sense - gave me comfort , even , that my big , tall sage would save the day while i hid behind him - my body did n't listen .
i heard sage bellow from the other side of the door , the handle jangling back and forth .
the door shook on its frames as sage threw himself against it .
the sound of jacob 's gruff voice and sage 's panicked one .
i opened my eyes and smiled when i saw sage 's handsome face over mine , his brow wrought with concern .
` ` dawn , '' sage whispered , his massive body settling on the edge of the bed beside me .
then she started coming for me ... '' ` ` i do n't know what you saw , dawn , but that was not your mother ... that was ... '' sage trailed off , his mouth curling in utter disgust .
` ` tell me again , jacob , why it 's a good thing that he 's here , '' sage sniped .
the housekeeper told sage that once you saw her , it would all end .
` ` you 're failing at your beside manners , '' sage mumbled .
` ` i knew it , '' sage said under his breath .
but i ' m not here because of sage knightly and his european solo tour .
` ` sage has a tour to do . ''
` ` you ca n't do anything for her , sage , '' jacob said , colder now .
` ` but you need to be here with me , with jacob , with sage .
` ` the hotel manager in paris gave it to me , '' sage said , placing his hand on my arm and giving it a comforting squeeze .
i felt a pang of fear at the idea of max leaving me , but even though he 'd told sage he could do nothing , i still felt safe with sage by my side .
i felt a pang of fear at the idea of max leaving me , but even though he 'd told sage he could do nothing , i still felt safe with sage by my side .
when i was all packed , and sage had given me some privacy , i called mel and was able to talk to her for a few minutes before she had to go out .
jacob had arranged for him , sage , max , and i to all be in the same four - person sleeping car for the journey to rome , which was fine by me .
seems he 's taking your spot for tonight , sage . ''
` ` sage 's mind has been opened to this world .
the day that followed the night where i was attacked by a demon disguised as sage .
all i knew is that it was sage - for those moments , it was sage .
all i knew is that it was sage - for those moments , it was sage .
one minute the demon was sage , the next minute he was something indescribable .
i loved sage , wanted sage , needed him , but some part of me was still scared , like he was going to turn into a yellow - eyed demon at any turn .
i loved sage , wanted sage , needed him , but some part of me was still scared , like he was going to turn into a yellow - eyed demon at any turn .
sit in my hotel room , paranoid that sage and max were n't really sage and max , and wait for whatever doom was coming for me ?
or go out into a storm , into the wilds of prague and - as sage would say - live a little .
i chose the latter , with sage , max , and jacob accompanying me .
` ` i thought they were , uh , getting reformed , '' sage spoke up , and i was impressed by his knowledge of politics .
and i would have stared at sage , my golden god , and thought about how lucky i was to have found him , or for his music to have found me .
i would have thought that he filled up a void i had inside myself all these years , the void that was brought on when my mother died , that feeling that no one would ever take care of me , and yet here was sage , promising me just that .
so instead of having that moment , the one i should have had , i had a sip of czech pilsner , grabbed sage 's hand under the knotted pine table , and squeezed it , looking deep into those grey - green eyes and trying to tell him thank you .
i wondered if sage still felt guilty , if he was still beating himself up .
i 'd told max about my mother - turned - yellow - eyed - demon in the bathroom and made him promise not to tell sage .
so , with that in mind , i tried my best to put on a positive face - for sage .
if anything were to happen to me - and let 's be honest , there was no doubt about it - i wanted something to leave behind that covered not the journey i 'd been on but the journey that sage had been on .
i did n't see sage for quite a while - i guessed he was in his dressing room doing some heavy thinking or drinking - but when he finally came out , his jaw dropped in surprise when he saw me .
i knew jacob was afraid of something happening to me during the show and if it happened on the side stage , the chances of sage getting involved were high .
the band had stopped playing , and i could see sage staring up at me , pick dangling from his fingers .
` ` it feels quite satisfying to finally take the last thing that sage knightly loved . ''
take care of sage , he said .
the three of us rocked out in that graveyard , me softly singing along , sage playing air guitar , and max nodding to the beat .
though max had been aggravating at times , he did produce some fantastic pictures that would accompany my creem magazine article on sage knightly 's first solo tour in europe .
and sage took his hand , pulling him in for a quick slap on the back .
it became the show that sage , dawn , eric , and their father would sit down to on friday nights , now that sage and dawn were living in a small farmhouse on the outskirts of ellensburg .
it became the show that sage , dawn , eric , and their father would sit down to on friday nights , now that sage and dawn were living in a small farmhouse on the outskirts of ellensburg .
that same summer , dawn and sage got married on her father 's farm .
ex - hybrid singer robbie oliver and bassist noelle were there - sage had gotten in touch with both of them and made amends , reigniting their friendship .
instead of reciting his vows , sage picked up a guitar and sang them for her .
he might have met a great hero , or the cunningest of thieves , or some wise and great sage .
lord fang tried to remember if the great military sage had ever had anything to say about fighting giant invulnerable statues .
one lone tree stood like a sage , old man on the east side of the home .
she had listened to others ' sage advice .
it 's what happens while we 're making other plans , according exceptionally going to some sage or other , and if life was od to ralph roberts during those years , itlmight have been because he had no other plans to make .
is there some mightier sage , of whom we have yet to learn ? '
` ` so good to hear a sidhe admit the truth , '' sage said .
` ` i have not agreed that frost 's blood will buy my silence , '' sage said .
his voice held a note of enraged finality that caused sage to sink for a moment toward the floor , like a human might stumble .
survival is better than the alternative , sage , but merely surviving can get tiresome . ''
they stared at each other , and it was sage who took to the air and broke the staring contest .
` ` good , '' sage said .
frost wanted sage to take blood without using glamour , and sage wanted to use glamour .
i could n't talk to frost about what i 'd seen in the vision in front of sage .
i was n't sure that frost would want it discussed even in front of rhys , but i knew that sage would n't be welcome in the discussion .
but sage 's face went from pouting to lust in the blink of an eye .
` ` allowing sage to use glamour when he takes blood is the compromise , since i wo n't give him sex . ''
he was near the ceiling and out of reach before frost could swat at his face , almost as if sage had known he 'd do it .
` ` you know better than to ask , sage , '' i said .
` ` moody , even for the killing frost , '' sage said , ` ` and angrier . ''
` ` i notice you do n't ask me to stay the night , '' sage said .
` ` you have n't felt sage 's glamour .
` ` if i am cromm cruach again , merry , then sage ca n't touch me . ''
if i said no to his wager with sage , then it was as much as saying he was n't strong enough , was n't good enough .
fine , fine , for tonight intercourse with the two of you , but not with sage . ''
rhys put out a hand for him to land upon , but sage glided to the side .
` ` you were the gwynfor , the white lord , and you will be again , '' sage said .
` ` if i kicked you both out right now , sage would do whatever i wanted .
rhys started to say something , but sage slid his arms around my three middle fingers , cupping the unbelievable softness of his skin against my whole hand .
` ` i know , '' sage said , sliding his body down my hand until he sat straddling my wrist , ` ` but i ' m not telling . ''
` ` but you are the white lord , '' sage said , ` ` and the white lord , the hand of ecstasy and death , feared nothing and no one . ''
it was as if sage had pulled rhys 's heart into his hand , and sage was swallowing around the thick , meaty , pulse of rhys 's heartbeat .
i felt rhys 's heart beating down sage 's body , as if the smaller man were a tuning fork , a vibrating , trembling path from one throbbing heartbeat to another .
i started to ask if he was all right , but the pulse of sage 's body froze the words in my mouth , and i turned to meet that tiny , glittering black gaze .
` ` as you will , then , nicca , '' sage said .
it made sage hesitate and shiver himself .
it was as if sage 's glamour had stripped his skin away to reveal nothing but power .
i watched sage move his body closer to mine , watched the thickness of him come closer to my face .
when sage came to kneel in front of my face , i watched nicca crawl between my legs , on his knees , so that the two of them echoed each other .
i arched my neck so that sage could slide into my mouth , down my throat , arched my neck so that i could take every thick , silken inch of him between my lips , my teeth , and deeper .
when i came to myself , sage was lying curled on his side , trapping one of my arms .
not being able to see sage helped .
i almost asked , then sage spoke .
sage went very still as he stood between doyle and me , then i saw his wings shiver , like flowers caressed by a strong wind .
frost appeared in the door behind him , and sage began to back away from him , too .
` ` what difference does being sidhe mean for sage ? ''
` ` sage rolled me like a wino on saturday night . ''
` ` how great her need must be to take sage . ''
` ` i want no part of this old argument , and after sage 's glamour took me so easily , i do n't trust that i am truly cromm cruach .
i peered into the mirror , stretching up on tiptoe to look closer , and realized i was standing as sage had stood earlier .
maeve and sage came through the door in time to see the horse become truly solid .
it was sage who broke the silence .
` ` i ' m upset because sage is not a prince of either court .
` ` so it 's my fault that you fucked sage ? ''
` ` you would not turn me from your body , not even now with the memory of sage 's flesh like a raw wound in your mind . ''
until then , sage huddled in his blanket as if he could already feel the cold .
` ` most , '' sage conceded , ` ` but not all . ''
` ` i thought this was a secret , '' sage said .
` ` it is the wings , '' sage called from behind us .
but sage huddled against rhys , and i wondered why rhys did n't help the demi - fey keep warm , as barinthus helped me .
` ` as , apparently , am i , '' sage called , ` ` but i am still freezing my nuts off . ''
brandy gave me a sage look , worthy of someone much older .
seth gave me a sage look , appearing for the first time in a while like the guy who had written the comic observations about real estate agents and old girlfriends .
despite her youth , she provided surprisingly sage counsel .
possibly less well known is the singing spoon of the learned sage ly tin wheedle , which could entertain the dinner table by singing comic songs .
` ` why must you be the sage for my son ? ''
rabbi sherebiah did n't completely agree with rabbi jacimus and they began to quote the sages on these points and to ` ` dispute '' in general , and finally the old rabbi called for us to offer our prayers of thanksgiving that the windows of heaven had been opened , and the fields would soon be ready for the planting to begin .
` ` tell me about it , '' danny said with a sage nod .
he was dressed once again in his sage green camlet breeches and doublet .
our dance is prescribed in the natya shastra of the ancient sage bharata .
and he wandered into a forest , where there were sages and their wives .
none of this was name : dei is an endearment for an uncle , a sechen is a sage .
joseph , i am not a sage , nor have i ever pretend to be one .
rabban , you are a true sage in human nature !
maybe only a sage , a scholar might know , or one of those greek doctors .
scholars have offered various portraits of the historical jesus , which at times share a number of overlapping attributes , such as the leader of an apocalyptic movement , messiah , a charismatic healer , a sage and philosopher , or a social reformer who preached of the ` ` kingdom of god '' as a means for personal and egalitarian social transformation .
in mesopotamian mythology , gilgamesh is a demigod of superhuman strength who built the city walls of uruk to defend his people from external threats , and travelled to meet the sage utnapishtim , who had survived the great deluge .
is this the theater of the absurd or am i bundled here with a renegade sage from some hilltop ?
the sage advice of jobs wife glides through his mind .
you ' ve known because , like me , you sat at the feet of the sage professor mulford q. sibley and drank in his history of nonviolence .
michael whalen nodded like a sage imparting wisdom .
most significantly , he codified his own philosophical writings by which egypts people revered him as a sage for the next twenty - five hundred years .
folklore of the scot.highlands , batsford 1976 sage , alexander .
i hardly feel young anymore , but to a sage as yourself i must appear infantile .
both followed the sage along the winding pathway to the ashram .
you know past , present and future , suraj humbly prayed , you are the wisest sage i have ever met .
sary has given them some sage advice as they are putting on their coats , now boys yalls be real careful , this blizzard is a mighty one .
for example , via your sage counsel , did you not help viktor the supreme become the most appreciated wirewalker the country has ever witnessed ?
-- 30 -- - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 -- 30 -- 971 the 491 a 477 and 355 he 338 of 272 to 261 his 225 in 209 was 158 it 133 her 130 i 129 on 122 she 112 you 82 said 81 from 78 him 77 that 76 at 71 with 67 into 62 for 61 as 58 this 55 like 54 had 51 were 46 an 45 me 44 one 43 what 43 be 40 not 39 or 37 by 37 all 37 if 36 its 36 my 36 when 35 so 34 there 34 they 33 did n't 32 but 30 i ' m 30 he 'd 29 is 28 no 28 them 28 over 27 then 27 through 26 about 26 do n't 26 went 26 your 26 their 25 too 23 are 23 did 23 know 23 until 22 up 21 coyote 21 we 21 it 's 21 been 20 two 20 how 20 head 19 way 19 eyes 19 was n't 19 you 're 19 light 19 only 19 hand 18 would 18 who 18 more 18 here 18 against 18 why 17 think 17 could 17 after 17 back 17 where 17 some 17 den 16 down 16 away 16 could n't 16 made 16 out 16 around 15 have 15 voice 15 much 15 left 15 got 14 can 14 off 14 get 14 black 14 came 14 module 14 sat 14 thought 14 other 14 yeah 14 do 14 days 14 thing 13 fuck 13 few 13 that 's 13 red 13 fire 13 sky 13 mouth 13 those 13 three 13 there 's 13 good 13 glass 13 himself 13 ground 13 man 13 across 13 lay 12 eye 12 hatch 12 dark 12 inside 12 enough 11 go 11 something 11 family 11 own 11 face 11 home 11 took 11 water 11 sure 11 again 11 horn 11 heard 11 blood 11 gun 11 far 11 minutes 10 people 10 even 10 hell 10 open 10 say 10 hands 10 end 10 father 10 most 10 upon 10 last 10 make 10 day 10 rifle 10 now 10 while 10 see 9 gone 9 really 9 white 9 old 9 oh 9 many 9 every 9 cold 9 long 9 several 9 site 9 let 9 trees 9 probably 9 come 9 next 9 cameras 9 another 9 watched 9 crazy 9 guy 9 story 9 being 9 once 9 walked 9 side 9 anything 9 she 'd 9 team 8 going 8 bit 8 nothing 8 earth 8 everything 8 ants 8 during 8 right 8 hair 8 near 8 kept 8 shit 8 under 8 rock 8 than 8 just 8 shadow 8 among 8 look 8 part 8 moon 8 since 8 friend 8 coyotes 8 floor 8 canteen 8 dirt 8 bottle 8 door 8 spent 8 bushes 7 video 7 things 7 told 7 watch 7 hours 7 darkness 7 call 7 area 7 cheek 7 sitting 7 dead 7 maybe 7 happened 7 thick 7 monitor 7 started 7 shadows 7 work 7 full 7 any 7 3 7 hat 7 mountains 7 still 7 seen 7 very 7 bear 7 least 7 else 7 i ' ve 7 mind 7 except 7 lost 7 well 7 because 7 stood 7 world 7 hard 7 called 7 camp 7 shot 7 fear 7 field 7 night 7 time 7 either 7 throat 7 began 7 along 7 before 7 place 7 first 6 wild 6 flesh 6 hear 6 should 6 rocks 6 better 6 set 6 real 6 tree 6 fingers 6 behind 6 knife 6 feet 6 dream 6 morning 6 interior 6 god 6 moment 6 beyond 6 helicopter 6 later 6 trail 6 lived 6 where 's 6 fucking 6 sense 6 belt 6 chair 6 might 6 someone 6 would ' ve 6 half 6 bush 6 wall 6 i 'll 6 skull 6 stuck 6 devil 6 almost 6 film 6 spam 6 feed 6 looked 6 wasps 6 wanted 6 soft 6 drank 6 take 6 fell 6 wore 6 these 6 glasses 6 lot 6 nearby 6 remained 6 saw 5 gray 5 resembled 5 keep 5 although 5 boy 5 anyway 5 want 5 we 'll 5 dog 5 listening 5 he 's 5 dreamed 5 they 'd 5 little 5 we 're 5 animal 5 distance 5 built 5 great 5 without 5 leaves 5 footage 5 legs 5 kind 5 smoke 5 whole 5 lying 5 actually 5 dry 5 stars 5 hq 5 weeks 5 chairs 5 deep 5 sun 5 six 5 toward 5 died 5 free 5 big 5 tracks 5 toshi 5 yet 5 brush 5 put 5 hundred 5 course 5 ever 5 okay 5 hung 5 within 5 worth 5 covered 5 none 5 followed 5 empty 5 laughed 5 carried 5 animals 5 sound 5 found 5 jerk 5 locked 5 edge 5 computer 5 afraid 5 human 5 ca n't 5 closed 5 turned 5 tell 5 name 5 sleeping 5 clouds 5 years 5 pair 5 help 4 twenty 4 cracked 4 farther 4 naked 4 ran 4 south 4 afternoon 4 ear 4 occasionally 4 killing 4 stone 4 em 4 men 4 seconds 4 job 4 need 4 cup 4 froze 4 dragged 4 shut 4 wondered 4 twisted 4 doing 4 wood 4 hot 4 ranchers 4 smell 4 late 4 tapes 4 cult 4 whatever 4 bag 4 surprised 4 lips 4 fast 4 arm 4 supervisor 4 damned 4 ago 4 alone 4 pit 4 months 4 stared 4 poured 4 crows 4 understand 4 had n't 4 passed 4 getting 4 couple 4 gathered 4 pilot 4 breeze 4 feel 4 bleeker 4 thinking 4 heart 4 stumbled 4 second 4 pretty 4 telling 4 nose 4 drawn 4 ten 4 sweet 4 thousands 4 wind 4 nice 4 were n't 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 smashed 4 ring 4 decided 4 felt 4 hour 4 dim 4 you ' ve 4 raised 4 missing 4 between 4 tommy 4 though 4 rabies 4 appeared 4 tongue 4 have n't 4 myself 4 shoulder 4 asked 4 puppy 4 got ta 4 freaks 4 meant 4 form 4 baby 4 dust 4 vanished 4 scratched 4 yes 4 are n't 4 waited 4 which 4 buck 4 small 4 meters 4 coming 4 school 4 finally 4 cave 4 falling 4 heavy 4 you 'll 4 hills 4 phone 4 showed 4 probe 4 sunset 4 looking 4 carry 4 us 4 belly 4 brought 4 scope 4 brain 4 bet 4 range 4 ridge 4 moved 4 times 4 entrance 4 room 4 high 3 dropped 3 nearest 3 activity 3 birds 3 presence 3 type 3 worked 3 ended 3 death 3 situation 3 appropriate 3 beard 3 certain 3 bunch 3 breath 3 drunk 3 rose 3 grounds 3 thigh 3 person 3 green 3 yellow 3 vast 3 slipped 3 working 3 threw 3 dug 3 eventually 3 rendered 3 vista 3 eating 3 might ' ve 3 bobcat 3 huge 3 mostly 3 poitier 3 whoever 3 bottom 3 scotch 3 faint 3 plain 3 jar 3 foot 3 gets 3 pressed 3 today 3 howled 3 designed 3 tb 3 hawk 3 ears 3 booze 3 sick 3 pack 3 experience 3 entire 3 plastic 3 listened 3 sea 3 recording 3 csi 3 expected 3 never 3 habitat 3 roots 3 action 3 woke 3 basin 3 month 3 shacks 3 watching 3 snapping 3 model 3 static 3 tightened 3 fist 3 billy 3 flip 3 case 3 bloody 3 together 3 chopper 3 original 3 bob 3 touched 3 crawled 3 wound 3 traps 3 past 3 gave 3 run 3 our 3 farm 3 large 3 removed 3 neck 3 sierras 3 central 3 smiled 3 image 3 b5 3 sorry 3 data 3 tranquilizer 3 chest 3 juniper 3 love 3 horror 3 briefing 3 feeling 3 army 3 mix 3 thanks 3 each 3 count 3 bone 3 navigating 3 piss 3 pieces 3 money 3 testing 3 forward 3 bird 3 peanut 3 bugs 3 we ' ve 3 sprawled 3 thousand 3 happen 3 ugly 3 stalking 3 flight 3 fact 3 cause 3 fucked 3 acrid 3 blind 3 recall 3 became 3 sniffing 3 handle 3 equipment 3 wilderness 3 west 3 lemonade 3 cleared 3 state 3 knuckles 3 less 3 insects 3 whiskey 3 hit 3 branches 3 leather 3 worry 3 hanging 3 chewed 3 fabric 3 ragged 3 friends 3 regarded 3 music 3 broke 3 playing 3 space 3 likely 3 wedged 3 scuttled 3 settled 3 break 3 sounded 3 must 3 seemed 3 body 3 single 3 beans 3 pocket 3 compartment 3 digging 3 kids 3 stag 3 dunno 3 crates 3 hurt 3 wooden 3 toilet 3 spoon 3 stir 3 alive 3 crash 3 write 3 dressed 3 broken 3 reports 3 cot 3 weird 3 walking 3 train 3 strange 3 leaned 3 idea 3 slightly 3 air 3 shook 3 scores 3 used 3 true 3 beneath 3 remote 3 walls 3 different 3 believe 3 quickly 3 moving 3 creepy 3 change 3 clicked 3 remember 3 glowed 3 anarchists 3 event 3 best 3 tape 3 machine 3 lungs 3 sort 3 kilometers 3 low 3 realized 3 held 3 clear 3 cigarette 3 pain 3 circled 3 stepped 3 such 3 shape 3 evil 3 yard 3 deer 3 sexy 3 cell 3 five 3 closer 3 ranch 3 dying 3 core 3 mud 3 cloud 3 guys 3 hunter 3 acid 3 short 3 grabbed 3 sister 3 needles 3 butter 3 hips 3 returned 3 grinned 3 perhaps 3 above 3 keyboard 3 thin 3 consciousness 2 mighty 2 belonged 2 threshold 2 motionless 2 super 2 silly 2 knew 2 favorite 2 project 2 lonely 2 check 2 cow 2 revenge 2 wo n't 2 partially 2 top 2 fuckers 2 local 2 musk 2 directly 2 alaska 2 jagged 2 1 2 hawks 2 hive 2 government 2 cooked 2 fresh 2 serious 2 trickled 2 bar 2 fine 2 taught 2 supply 2 boot 2 poor 2 expanse 2 spend 2 already 2 cracks 2 saying 2 forensics 2 jars 2 gig 2 stroked 2 position 2 twinkled 2 table 2 caps 2 nest 2 curled 2 crater 2 shorts 2 dissolved 2 house 2 detail 2 wiring 2 smacked 2 met 2 positioned 2 denial 2 sage 2 referred 2 research 2 lunch 2 center 2 bring 2 relentless 2 monitors 2 arrived 2 cabinet 2 infrared 2 mom 2 power 2 blocked 2 tears 2 witnessed 2 samples 2 they 'll 2 girl 2 flick 2 rex 2 abruptly 2 wet 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 let 's 2 crackers 2 third 2 preceding 2 wrote 2 buses 2 religious 2 shock 2 bad 2 clamped 2 ashes 2 below 2 haunted 2 batteries 2 speak 2 stirred 2 closely 2 scrub 2 boulders 2 landscape 2 wreck 2 vaquero 2 whined 2 tad 2 extended 2 die 2 jumpsuit 2 shannon 2 freakin ' 2 spirits 2 post 2 tail 2 opposite 2 four 2 jessica 2 fanned 2 honey 2 horses 2 billings 2 beast 2 weak 2 region 2 grass 2 luck 2 prairie 2 joint 2 deadly 2 aura 2 hill 2 rotten 2 main 2 gibbered 2 temple 2 blue 2 tear 2 advice 2 harsh 2 jealous 2 cage 2 twitched 2 meal 2 fat 2 life 2 talking 2 lange 2 system 2 college 2 wilds 2 wrong 2 stand 2 pushed 2 copse 2 risk 2 cattle 2 heat 2 tweed 2 beside 2 flashlight 2 match 2 boulder 2 rabbits 2 mounds 2 bitch 2 fires 2 surface 2 phantom 2 gore 2 smoked 2 picked 2 kinda 2 security 2 b6 2 hamburger 2 metal 2 feeds 2 containing 2 turn 2 specimen 2 split 2 answer 2 oil 2 harder 2 regained 2 inches 2 move 2 earlier 2 civilization 2 signs 2 brother 2 aside 2 frame 2 crouched 2 nerve 2 grab 2 mice 2 revealed 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 bed 2 literally 2 movie 2 soon 2 legend 2 chemical 2 theory 2 separated 2 accepting 2 canyons 2 beautiful 2 become 2 vicinity 2 department 2 elements 2 entering 2 supplies 2 awake 2 woman 2 pilot 's 2 aware 2 driver 2 narrow 2 prints 2 following 2 fed 2 lullaby 2 hideous 2 paranoia 2 gleamed 2 breathing 2 opportunity 2 d 2 victims 2 impressions 2 canyon 2 terror 2 stories 2 itched 2 lens 2 pal 2 boots 2 outta 2 tripped 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 finger 2 pillow 2 screamed 2 forty - five 2 parks 2 wish 2 circuit 2 geologist 2 attention 2 ornery 2 horrors 2 changed 2 crept 2 close 2 hidden 2 sloping 2 find 2 brief 2 estimated 2 year 2 ripe 2 considered 2 muscles 2 dahl 2 storm 2 fluttered 2 entrances 2 foul 2 nights 2 tonight 2 witch 2 cover 2 will 2 rain 2 wrist 2 hunters 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 stayed 2 starring 2 rim 2 problem 2 coughed 2 campsite 2 caked 2 warm 2 i 'd 2 blurry 2 worming 2 hunting 2 screen 2 cries 2 torpid 2 converted 2 removing 2 rode 2 flat 2 tired 2 mountain 2 flank 2 file 2 fly 2 family 's 2 horizon 2 fixed 2 accent 2 paper 2 vision 2 slice 2 thus 2 lately 2 csis 2 bits 2 bright 2 asleep 2 named 2 company 2 burning 2 scraped 2 shoulders 2 others 2 slept 2 carcass 2 sent 2 movies 2 property 2 sector 2 crawl 2 scuffed 2 scorched 2 shade 2 gon na 2 handed 2 vaguely 2 clothes 2 woods 2 separate 2 flickered 2 testament 2 parts 2 truth 2 lawn 2 struck 2 acceptable 2 sighed 2 somebody 2 flipping 2 filtered 2 rapidly 2 aspirin 2 stowed 2 disappeared 2 burrowed 2 rounds 2 buttons 2 older 2 buzzing 2 kidding 2 could ' ve 2 asshole 2 taking 2 consider 2 jaw 2 tractor 2 weapon 2 funny 2 eleven 2 checking 2 glanced 2 enemies 2 hole 2 ridges 2 faded 2 toggled 2 scratching 2 occurred 2 pulled 2 knocking 2 boys 2 what 's 2 mounting 2 petrified 2 cheep 2 propped 2 view 2 always 2 touch 2 forest 2 dude 2 leaked 2 suffered 2 fractured 2 leg - hold 2 toe 2 loved 2 led 2 stream 2 smug 2 muttering 2 ready 2 worse 2 denver 2 processing 2 trip 2 track 2 lair 2 guttural 2 padded 2 catsup 2 soldering 2 pool 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 is n't 2 done 2 wife 2 corner 2 screwed 2 preened 2 nightmares 2 abandoned 2 early 2 murder 2 mother 2 broad 2 panties 2 longer 2 traveled 2 give 2 creeping 2 gaze 2 figure 2 spears 2 ribs 2 scare 2 parcel 2 grime 2 scared 2 lab 2 reached 2 goodbye 2 attached 2 trained 2 immediate 2 seattle 2 useless 2 lighting 2 mounted 2 perimeter 2 moisture 2 lurked 2 spill 2 drunken 2 cassettes 2 alder 2 trap 2 also 2 scents 2 hee 2 coat 2 color 2 cubicle 2 sandal 2 chafed 2 instead 2 exposed 2 staring 2 glow 2 cut 2 evidence 2 easy 2 rise 2 dialed 2 ruined 2 rolling 2 device 2 camera 2 baked 2 hammock- 2 try 2 wings 2 stealthy 2 somebody 's 2 courage 2 chuckled 2 photographs 2 ancient 2 flipped 2 forth 2 drove 2 joined 2 dome 2 ghostly 2 floated 2 would n't 2 teeth 2 sang 2 ventured 2 bitter 2 senses 2 stepmom 2 reason 2 buddy 2 apart 2 leave 2 size 2 stretched 2 tin 2 town 2 winked 2 blank 2 acting 2 liar 2 completely 2 pathetic 2 safety 2 gold 2 waterproof 2 week 2 despite 2 buried 2 pine 2 eighteen 2 you 'd 2 lank 2 fellow 2 burn 2 latest 2 mean 2 via 2 kit 2 stick 2 leaped 2 surveillance 2 brown 2 curiosity 2 drop 2 retirement 2 stupid 2 spying 2 kilometer 2 party 2 counter 2 perspective 2 kiss 2 trying 2 badass 2 rotor 2 bullshit 2 picture 2 scene 2 play 2 noise 1 cope 1 infamous 1 orbited 1 descended 1 acreage 1 proven 1 aid 1 beats 1 awakened 1 dwelling 1 compartments 1 taken 1 edgy - she 1 scab 1 retching 1 obviously 1 campfire 1 cock 1 married 1 bering 1 shrapnel 1 cowboys 1 counted 1 experts 1 cozy 1 clang 1 practical 1 matters 1 corn 1 sinewy 1 previous 1 sacrificing 1 verified 1 inserting 1 dancing 1 synthetic 1 steadily 1 insight 1 studied 1 fauna 1 jiffy 1 1969 1 ol ' 1 board 1 photograph 1 exercise 1 discretion 1 figures 1 land 1 lights 1 chopped 1 breast 1 pasty 1 tissues 1 lucid 1 comprehended 1 arc 1 pinto 1 urban 1 festivals 1 mentally 1 wriggled 1 swings 1 shouted 1 half - hour 1 mild 1 chip 1 druids 1 reckon 1 trigger 1 warped 1 fiercely 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 observer 1 swarm 1 flooded 1 endings 1 rivers 1 magazine 1 dodging 1 bitches 1 showers 1 cackling 1 tumblers 1 cecidostiba 1 note 1 bellowed 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 conducting 1 slung 1 breeches 1 everyone 1 tables 1 matter 1 coals 1 invited 1 tinted 1 braincase 1 stifled 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 quart 1 identify 1 sleazy 1 loooved 1 ashamed 1 splitting 1 owls 1 environs 1 sink 1 depths 1 toilets 1 disquieting 1 readily 1 squatted 1 mosquito 1 ice - locked 1 hacked 1 amount 1 thrush 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 farts 1 s3 1 coats 1 radio 's 1 roald 1 woodsmen 1 impassive 1 lack 1 gallons 1 roved 1 steppes 1 zeroed 1 famous 1 ajar 1 immediately 1 trespassed 1 holy 1 gummed 1 plane 1 limped 1 mundane 1 danced 1 exacerbated 1 operative 1 ex 1 sizzle 1 return 1 intervals 1 selected 1 handling 1 antenna 1 beasley 1 mite 1 mention 1 liquid 1 precious 1 quarry 1 heads 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 reconcile 1 products 1 stirring 1 hunted 1 explicit 1 yours 1 thorn 1 snuffed 1 obstacle 1 interest 1 roared 1 inordinately 1 probational 1 bulldozed 1 sickos 1 resorted 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 matted 1 bleary 1 incoherent 1 occulted 1 screened 1 meanwhile 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 microwave 1 build 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 mound 1 crowd - and 1 backpack 1 hip 1 matting 1 poisoned 1 horse 1 arms 1 slabs 1 climbing 1 treating 1 pile 1 ex - rugby 1 unclear 1 evening 1 esophagus 1 fritz 1 word 1 goon 1 tickled 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 holding 1 hissed 1 deal 1 city 1 gospel 1 repressed 1 thickest 1 personal 1 shell 1 ranch - nor 1 punish 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 soda 1 solitaire 1 hesitation 1 pre - tended 1 backpacks 1 hated 1 strangeness 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 mossy 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 rage 1 knee 1 line 1 whenever 1 shout 1 disrespect 1 twenty - four - hour 1 fled 1 atrocities 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 b 1 timbre 1 paralyzed 1 lapse 1 partner 1 wonderful 1 spat 1 biology 1 luggage 1 helpless 1 impossibly 1 horns 1 country 1 poison 1 sports 1 obvious 1 torch 1 wire 1 retrieval 1 boar 1 agent 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 stained 1 david 1 visors 1 realizing 1 tomahawk 1 tooth 1 wonder 1 bizarrely 1 does 1 organic 1 vents 1 outside 1 nice - a 1 cultists 1 swooped 1 process 1 speculate 1 blasted 1 rapture 1 passive 1 young 1 combing 1 burial 1 keith 1 hideout 1 penetrated 1 offline 1 spiked 1 reflexively 1 laugh 1 powered 1 black - the 1 mellow 1 perfect 1 mat - ter 1 boonies 1 viewports 1 tale 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 indicated 1 drifted 1 birth 1 wiped 1 sickens 1 dwell 1 documents 1 both 1 sign - and 1 breastbone 1 lectured 1 overcome 1 lighted 1 intercom 1 decisions 1 sneered 1 male 1 inexorably 1 tearful 1 forbidden 1 spied 1 prior 1 resupply 1 obliterate 1 property - their 1 bore 1 summers 1 debacle 1 plotted 1 knocks 1 drinking 1 located 1 pass 1 slab 1 plowed 1 jeep 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 swiftly 1 chorus 1 half - kilometer 1 speaking 1 forgetting 1 gnats 1 total 1 grip 1 elaborateness 1 zoomed 1 excitement 1 flares 1 mine 1 bogeymen 1 ambled 1 object 1 add 1 existence 1 pinch 1 tv 1 including 1 control 1 trotted 1 mumble 1 puffs 1 cooped 1 morphed 1 bothering 1 universe 1 portion 1 itself 1 barb 1 mapping 1 happens 1 hoax 1 dumped 1 chambered 1 downplayed 1 folks 1 maps - according 1 caves 1 kenya 1 cocked 1 oblivious 1 negative 1 stole 1 mate 1 crevices 1 transport 1 wavering 1 hate 1 limed 1 unknowable 1 crevice 1 gulp 1 muscular 1 nakedness 1 blur 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 academic 1 clues 1 altered 1 dosed 1 twitch 1 o'clock 1 russians 1 furrows 1 multiple 1 approach 1 gut 1 horrible 1 deeper 1 revealing 1 pounds 1 groundhogs 1 bleeker 's 1 unsnapped 1 cultist 1 squeaked 1 c'm on 1 drink 1 recently 1 dad 1 threat 1 character 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 lover 1 rather 1 aussie 1 convulsing 1 stuff 1 tick 1 packs 1 lady 1 complaints 1 whispered 1 age 1 lions 1 scrawny 1 backbone 1 trait 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 punched 1 classes 1 undone 1 fetal 1 sickeningly 1 higher 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 blistered 1 rising 1 symbols 1 recesses 1 cramped 1 60s 1 plural 1 steel 1 key 1 save 1 it 'd 1 strangling 1 magnified 1 tyson 1 who 'd 1 screens 1 stubble 1 ticking 1 severely 1 unhurriedly 1 replaced 1 alighted 1 significant 1 improvised 1 retaliating 1 idle 1 forms 1 mangled 1 unbuckling 1 ethereal 1 blinked 1 crappy 1 reverberated 1 toga 1 yanking 1 soccer 1 height 1 capable 1 singing 1 talk 1 hmm 1 impaired 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 enunciating 1 adulthood 1 subtle 1 pot 1 scrupulous 1 comes 1 marriage 1 fix 1 berth 1 chilly 1 arrive 1 poised 1 prowl 1 pooled 1 snored 1 connection 1 exultance 1 interminable 1 twenty - minute 1 cotton 1 steel - gray 1 jehovah 1 war 1 glaciated 1 fairly 1 crotches 1 attend 1 burrowing 1 fringes 1 lynching 1 wished 1 arrival 1 kaleidoscope 1 fork 1 whoom 1 climbed 1 peep 1 shindig 1 affected 1 aiming 1 anti - establishment 1 meaningful 1 rolled 1 erasing 1 snickered 1 eccentricity 1 terrified 1 producer 1 incinerated 1 caught 1 rummy 1 rippled 1 decayed 1 blecher 1 arranged 1 simple 1 opener 1 perched 1 cycle 1 furniture 1 volition 1 blame 1 mastering 1 mitigating 1 erased 1 concentrating 1 emerging 1 suggest 1 glint 1 aviator 1 panting 1 shimmered 1 misshapen 1 coils 1 worn 1 jokes 1 snake 1 segregated 1 bowl 1 media 1 anybody 1 binoculars 1 lifting 1 pick 1 winding 1 tuned 1 pumped 1 chalk 1 uncomfortably 1 hunched 1 gore - splattered 1 reminded 1 yesterday 1 pathological 1 rape 1 think - and 1 apocalyptic 1 busting 1 daybreak 1 studies 1 silent 1 affixed 1 decibels 1 drained 1 aberrant 1 freaky 1 troll 1 trapped 1 welled 1 tangled 1 shine 1 crowbar 1 loath 1 opening 1 simon 1 popped 1 satanists 1 mucky 1 atmosphere 1 bundy 1 bare 1 orange 1 sacrificed 1 revived 1 sometime 1 happening 1 curdled 1 permanent 1 sunshine 1 symptoms 1 flashes 1 massacre 1 long - term 1 one - not 1 battery 1 turning 1 maker 's 1 some - how 1 act 1 closing 1 throw 1 overhanging 1 equaled 1 oak 1 juices 1 sliver 1 flinging 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 isolated 1 how 's 1 national 1 appears 1 reserve 1 punch 1 dopey 1 terrible 1 infiltrating 1 inaudible 1 hefted 1 ramshackle 1 cross - legged 1 assortment 1 keyed 1 brains 1 snugged 1 care 1 remaining 1 touchy 1 crap 1 clutched 1 spilled 1 explain 1 dynamics 1 retrieved 1 seized 1 pressing 1 shuddered 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 rank 1 quick 1 highly 1 slow 1 squirming 1 instinct 1 underbrush 1 map 1 masturbated 1 distortion 1 intensely 1 ickiest 1 possibility 1 cigarettes 1 suspicious 1 molten 1 survive 1 populations 1 vicinity - they 'd 1 emanated 1 southern 1 buzzed 1 bushel 1 homesteaders 1 climate 1 riding 1 pondering 1 horned 1 series 1 predator 1 outdoors 1 30 -- 1 spongy 1 places 1 slight 1 running 1 bucket 1 killers 1 nervous 1 gash 1 switch 1 haze 1 mistake 1 shoe 1 outlines 1 effectively 1 hostile 1 slip 1 blow 1 primal 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 articles 1 sites 1 spew 1 strode 1 lotion 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 rhythm 1 lifestyle 1 reputation 1 toxic 1 vitality 1 labyrinthine 1 wallets 1 smelling 1 bodies 1 girls 1 hardcore 1 munching 1 screwier 1 guessed 1 outdoor 1 formed 1 primitive 1 normal 1 stiff 1 enervated 1 dreary 1 clearing 1 handful 1 canned 1 chill 1 writhing 1 goods 1 wells 1 grimace 1 groove 1 whores 1 games 1 squirting 1 cheap 1 spooky 1 advised 1 kernel 1 dirt - munching 1 operation 1 breathy 1 transportation 1 rotting 1 redness 1 buttocks 1 pole 1 art 1 allentown 1 licked 1 footpath 1 members 1 sensation 1 haunts 1 prism 1 sworn 1 grin 1 homeboys 1 law 1 argento - style 1 pyrenees 1 collective 1 mentioning 1 protective 1 agony 1 understood 1 condos 1 seat 1 gulch 1 detonated 1 shelters 1 gear 1 kerosene 1 anxiety 1 short - short 1 antiquated 1 mucus 1 nail 1 agricultural 1 brutally 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 wandering 1 flute 1 features 1 letting 1 hygiene 1 preferred 1 twisting 1 please 1 everybody 1 ceremonies 1 shit 's 1 sequence 1 contents 1 waved 1 behaviors 1 malls 1 hack 1 distinct 1 sledgehammer 1 vas 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 unlock 1 moore 1 surge 1 jaws 1 nah 1 moments 1 smuggled 1 layer 1 bitch 's 1 opened 1 glistening 1 union 1 dulled 1 enormous 1 detection 1 creepiest 1 remains 1 notice 1 group 1 ch 1 motion 1 yipped 1 unintelligible 1 tales 1 five - year - old 1 sparks 1 provided 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 rained 1 mayhem 1 reenactment 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 insignificance 1 bark 1 dropping 1 laughter 1 psych 1 co - opt 1 creature 1 paying 1 pamphlets 1 roads 1 memory 1 laird 1 shred 1 throats 1 urged 1 limescale 1 types 1 nubian 1 bones 1 solar 1 limestone 1 satisfy 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 slammer 1 puffed 1 scrabbled 1 sullen 1 bicycles 1 force 1 disperse 1 pictures 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 manitou 1 badlands 1 strike 1 unlocked 1 lairs 1 stall 1 brightened 1 expect 1 silverware 1 burned 1 wounded 1 softer 1 starvation 1 history 1 fit 1 louder 1 observing 1 seems 1 deranged 1 living 1 obscuring 1 follow 1 continued 1 tournament 1 tortured 1 strength 1 um - hm 1 outbreak 1 zero 1 sedative 1 crunched 1 ankle 1 generation 1 every - thing 1 attracted 1 c1 1 chose 1 sliding 1 mop 1 stud 1 depots 1 mud - encrusted 1 plate 1 credulous 1 record 1 kowtowed 1 jellified 1 bio 1 sixty 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 uncharacteristic 1 they 're 1 northeast 1 camouflage 1 glittering 1 vibration 1 scenario 1 was - christ 1 whistled 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 vulnerability 1 microwaved 1 gophers 1 enclosure 1 stifle 1 unease 1 foothold 1 angles 1 blouse 1 levering 1 irrational 1 scream 1 america 1 claustrophobia 1 circling 1 poker 1 growing 1 vicious 1 slumped 1 ex - lover 1 console 1 pus 1 trophy 1 portland- 1 placenta 1 cramp 1 wave 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 hillside 1 leg 1 briskly 1 protect 1 gored 1 herself 1 reported 1 shirtless 1 mumbling 1 tagged 1 chew 1 bowels 1 horn 's 1 furry 1 programmed 1 child 1 subcontractors 1 vietnam 1 scouted 1 circumference 1 dracula 's 1 stomping 1 onto 1 composite 1 bastards 1 talented 1 briefings 1 sturdy 1 cultures 1 miles 1 images 1 low - grade 1 slaves 1 phones 1 stations 1 malt 1 wan na 1 angel 1 buckle 1 ways 1 emerged 1 niches 1 whether 1 forever 1 penny 1 send 1 states 1 dorm 1 buoyed 1 devil 's 1 puddles 1 forty - eight 1 reminisce 1 settings 1 sprang 1 unconsciousness 1 screw - on 1 trampled 1 mule 1 nightly 1 stuttered 1 cocksuckers 1 researchers 1 ninety - minute 1 promise 1 spattered 1 conceivable 1 assess 1 slow - moving 1 trembled 1 squirrels 1 sacred 1 rubbed 1 orphaned 1 screw 1 tenderly 1 impulsiveness 1 travois - ing 1 pant 1 bounty 1 belligerent 1 progress 1 minor 1 visitation 1 fields 1 mixed 1 jiggle 1 anthropomorphic 1 auctioned 1 motives 1 special 1 packing 1 cowpokes 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 generally 1 compliment 1 howard 1 afterglow 1 sagebrush 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 leaning 1 reality 1 itch 1 menacing 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 grimy 1 low - income 1 recognized 1 savanna 1 anyone 1 pleasant 1 demo 1 doubt 1 midterm 1 nestled 1 thudding 1 caliper 1 block 1 straight - to - video 1 eight 1 however 1 chafe 1 why 'd 1 hiss 1 grow 1 chablis 1 zap 1 double 1 years ' 1 beat 1 stung 1 cap 1 shots 1 kansas 1 violin 1 blown 1 swirled 1 rats 1 epidemic 1 sourness 1 pitchfork 1 vet 1 flicked 1 hardly 1 ram 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 crushed 1 eager 1 dad 's 1 averaged 1 immensity 1 splat 1 clumping 1 streaks 1 crumpled 1 gnat 1 joyous 1 blowflies 1 blinded 1 rabid 1 prey 1 repulsed 1 insidious 1 soft - eyed 1 lure 1 pull - down 1 patterns 1 recoiling 1 verged 1 assignment 1 ceiling 1 song 1 bole 1 caved 1 report 1 whatever 's 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 long - lost 1 taxidermy 1 sounding 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 crawling 1 bursts 1 japan - the 1 desert 1 imagined 1 boring 1 7 mm 1 nomads 1 nested 1 garfunkel 1 carson 1 downturned 1 conscious 1 shrieks 1 rocky 1 afflicted 1 followers 1 jumped 1 luckily 1 parking 1 breakfast 1 blizzard 1 kin 1 locker 1 indigents 1 descaling 1 half - dozen 1 anticipated 1 sounds 1 hello 1 visuals 1 mountainous 1 rule 1 direction 1 knocked 1 investigating 1 halves 1 neither 1 skin 1 footprints 1 yellow - tinted 1 rescue 1 squeamish 1 clinched 1 migrating 1 doctor 1 milliseconds 1 seeped 1 lifeless 1 grim 1 insane 1 braced 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shotgun 1 scrunched 1 thickened 1 captured 1 future 1 quite 1 knows 1 yelped 1 easy - it 's 1 refer 1 vertical 1 ill 1 nonetheless 1 folklore 1 sewage 1 stared - stared 1 hooked 1 lanterns 1 shatterproof 1 absolutely 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 secrecy 1 weigh 1 tight 1 robbing 1 generators 1 papier - m 1 eon 1 things - a 1 windblown 1 junipers 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 barefoot 1 pecked 1 ached 1 arced 1 carnivorous 1 overhead 1 southeastern 1 pin - wheeling 1 drag 1 lookout 1 feels 1 strong 1 comforts 1 olympic 1 balanced 1 partition 1 eh 1 alike 1 almighty 1 bible 1 snags 1 humor 1 dreadful 1 paced 1 weekly 1 indeed 1 making 1 benches 1 billowing 1 undulated 1 beaten 1 matches 1 myth 1 curtains 1 earthen 1 stopped 1 shithouse 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 homies 1 museum 1 slick 1 storage 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 steelworkers 1 roll 1 father 's 1 pitch 1 sand 1 ranks 1 scratches 1 hostel 1 steam 1 bequeathed 1 red - lit 1 altars 1 chimpanzees 1 incarnate 1 pricked 1 suit 1 numerous 1 disturbing 1 interference 1 bomb 1 rainforest 1 fixated 1 boiling 1 droppings 1 paltry 1 exclamation 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 connected 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 swarming 1 unzipped 1 martian 1 awoke 1 outdated 1 lunatic 1 special - ties 1 thrill - killing 1 gasped 1 sop 1 vodka 1 selves 1 scenery 1 hull 1 rife 1 analysis 1 collected 1 narks 1 hank 1 analyzing 1 snare 1 tall 1 laphroaig 1 tasted 1 sloughing 1 man - made 1 weapons 1 unlimber 1 unfortunately 1 smash 1 quality 1 extreme 1 spiritually 1 hanger 1 buddy - boy 1 often 1 vacation 1 remembered 1 notes 1 handfuls 1 raw 1 industriously 1 crashing 1 hi 1 hiking 1 960s 1 flitted 1 weariness 1 adds 1 dart 1 withstand 1 contacts 1 satan 1 difficulty 1 nails 1 cuffs 1 sob 1 waste 1 washed 1 robots 1 described 1 bus 1 fluorescent 1 same 1 believed 1 vertically 1 rich 1 limned 1 stuffing 1 t - shirt 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 scrim 1 scary 1 seventy - two 1 shoddy 1 red - tail 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 pitiful 1 choose 1 playmate - era 1 wren 1 dario 1 leaving 1 middle 1 occupied 1 nude 1 rat 1 displayed 1 younger 1 doubled 1 mumbled 1 reinforce 1 gps 1 galvanized 1 eat 1 function 1 raspy 1 gelatin 1 motor 1 pinhole 1 shouting 1 cat 1 guilty 1 pissed 1 husked 1 rumor 1 barren 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 ticked 1 spot 1 woodsman 1 spread 1 ones 1 ass 1 massaged 1 extents 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 decomposed 1 slam 1 plays 1 soles 1 nostrils 1 transfixed 1 turnoffs 1 beastie 1 carefully 1 shower 1 buncha 1 chain 1 engine 1 rack 1 society 1 hiding 1 bury 1 busy 1 tree - hugging 1 forced 1 intrigued 1 focus 1 washboard 1 theremin 1 basis 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 ability 1 token 1 suspect 1 lingered 1 ascertaining 1 profit 1 ri - i - ght - i ' m 1 convenient 1 strings 1 book 1 airlifted 1 fourteen 1 fumbling 1 weeds 1 judgment 1 responded 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 slid 1 dissipated 1 deliver 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 savage 1 trash 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 dinner 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 bolted 1 attack 1 vets 1 retched 1 ruts 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 unwitting 1 career 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 branch 1 hardy 1 urge 1 motive 1 offer 1 slashes 1 kill 1 thumb 1 collar 1 door - nails 1 escape 1 rails 1 docile 1 trudging 1 salt 1 collects 1 scattering 1 morphine 1 bronze 1 permeated 1 eyelids 1 occult 1 shift 1 hydroponics 1 women 1 healthy 1 bra 1 wheedling 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 mood 1 spackled 1 balled 1 racing 1 sleek 1 alley 1 pattern 1 fully 1 product 1 studying 1 entry 1 children 1 patiently 1 chiseled 1 whine 1 subside 1 pits 1 problems 1 freeze 1 lowering 1 nine - month 1 smarts 1 dating 1 satanism 1 lowered 1 skunk 1 dangling 1 shone 1 foam 1 counselor 1 espionage 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scooped 1 mudder 1 follows 1 thought- 1 anyhow 1 scientist 1 hummed 1 lit 1 imagination 1 techs 1 able 1 demons 1 staking 1 interests 1 hooking 1 landlady 1 titillating 1 style 1 path 1 costume 1 signal 1 pursue 1 hooch 1 right - definitely 1 marsh 1 american 1 drew 1 chuckle 1 smudged 1 withdrew 1 some - thing 1 barbary 1 shifty 1 numbly 1 television 1 sift 1 contrary 1 shattered 1 vibrator 1 scummy 1 bent 1 kinks 1 involved 1 blurred 1 diabetes 1 parents 1 verisimilitude 1 northern 1 god - awful 1 vcr 1 cinders 1 stage - whispered 1 foothills 1 assertion 1 intact 1 composted 1 surroundings 1 darted 1 murdered 1 university 1 friendly 1 semifascia 1 backward 1 crackled 1 swarmed 1 dogs 1 is - for 1 eclipsed 1 clearly 1 cripes 1 deformed 1 nobody 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 backbreaking 1 committed 1 northwest 1 disapproved 1 therapist 1 glad 1 decomposition 1 boards 1 sucked 1 discovered 1 replaying 1 sit 1 moth 1 county 1 teams 1 ravine 1 rap 1 rawhide 1 gritted 1 powerful 1 manner 1 bloated 1 stabbed 1 escalate 1 sexless 1 organ 1 species 1 besides 1 fossilized 1 wants 1 acres 1 economy 1 covers 1 unpacked 1 mike 1 cosmic 1 loincloths 1 redecorated 1 sucker 1 slashing 1 beasts 1 washington 1 sluices 1 rubbing 1 haha 1 biologists 1 lone 1 wildly 1 sparse 1 mad 1 packaged 1 rattlesnake 1 grains 1 leopold 1 encased 1 acutely 1 choice 1 feverish 1 pools 1 laid 1 shipped 1 holes 1 dreams 1 she 's 1 has n't 1 warmth 1 repeatedly 1 office 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 dialing 1 innocently 1 stony 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 o ' 1 potential 1 concentrated 1 pale 1 native 1 grandkids 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 bolt 1 row 1 headquarters 1 spoor 1 sharp 1 statue 1 diapers 1 insensate 1 antivenin 1 functioned 1 caress 1 fleeing 1 level 1 bored 1 carved 1 vehicle 1 foreground 1 sweeps 1 photo - graphs 1 tarpaper 1 querulous 1 says 1 peed 1 kit - ten 1 bull 1 enormity 1 linked 1 inconceivable 1 stranded 1 knees 1 beam 1 dragging 1 perspiration 1 celt 1 mall 1 terrors 1 stench 1 grab - ass 1 frequency 1 spring 1 struggle 1 zoology 1 locking 1 humped 1 hearsay 1 forefinger 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 coverts 1 garbled 1 unwelcome 1 cocktail 1 streaming 1 emergency 1 four - wheeler 1 straight 1 oils 1 rough - housing 1 equal 1 cluster 1 glancing 1 road 1 whimper 1 niche 1 rough 1 gnawing 1 jogged 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 survival 1 plague 1 prick 1 attracts 1 military 1 grandfather 1 chateau 1 bite 1 glossed 1 whites 1 limp 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 scary - looking 1 unpleasant 1 seed 1 constructed 1 lain 1 stakes 1 dahmer 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 while - the 1 flicks 1 touches 1 tarps 1 worm 1 tracked 1 thrills 1 ryoko 1 overwhelming 1 coast 1 argue 1 sneaking 1 dismissed 1 crow 's 1 flu 1 malice 1 genteel 1 friendship 1 hid 1 may 1 leads 1 lamps 1 enforcement 1 burrow 1 diamond 1 emergence 1 depression 1 otherwise 1 gravel 1 installed 1 entrapped 1 hers 1 should ' ve 1 wrists 1 glances 1 optic 1 forearm 1 accept 1 880s 1 asshole - ishness 1 runaways 1 moonlight 1 quivered 1 gloom 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 exchanging 1 creep 1 solid 1 daylight 1 beware 1 veins 1 further 1 pouch 1 sign 1 impulse 1 puzzling 1 battle 1 knock 1 casualness 1 roosts 1 fetish 1 newspaper 1 rocked 1 flickering 1 crisp 1 surveyed 1 realize 1 psychobabble 1 inert 1 leaking 1 floating 1 initially 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 sold 1 resolve 1 exploded 1 wrecked 1 step 1 meh 1 miserably 1 winded 1 haunches 1 column 1 stress 1 hindenburg 1 proved 1 brushed 1 charged 1 crudely 1 heels 1 having 1 half - straddled 1 tremor 1 tradition 1 suppurating 1 slowly 1 promising 1 contemplated 1 antipathy 1 familiar 1 manipulating 1 humidity 1 fsb 1 gobbledygook 1 adjusted 1 radius 1 shave 1 rot 1 cried 1 question 1 point 1 dredge 1 retreated 1 uncomfortable 1 stymied 1 gazing 1 loop 1 winds 1 makes 1 does n't 1 egg 1 wired 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 horrified 1 lied 1 ooo - weee - ooo 1 scrape 1 roosted 1 cancer 1 plodded 1 sinister 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 hurled 1 visible 1 bubbled 1 anger 1 watered 1 fidget 1 documented 1 crashed 1 some- 1 should n't 1 reading 1 stinging 1 stellar 1 handbags 1 assume 1 lumps 1 strung 1 awaken 1 kilos 1 former 1 tents 1 collect 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 siberian 1 shackled 1 ask 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 lowlands 1 pup 1 c 1 slammed 1 shelf 1 insubstantial 1 sadist 1 dozen 1 throbbed 1 blade 1 exhaustion 1 sun - bleached 1 pink 1 especially 1 baseball 1 unlikely 1 shanties 1 furious 1 standing 1 stoic 1 devilry 1 pure 1 dozed 1 fifty 1 clasped 1 cougar 1 sensational 1 sidney 1 advancing 1 sub - conscious 1 stumble 1 torn 1 rigs 1 hangover 1 72 1 bother 1 tapping 1 shipping 1 ivory 1 inclination 1 siesta 1 steamy 1 mountain- 1 chrissake 1 felled 1 skulls 1 dial 1 barron 1 authentic 1 claimed 1 centimeters 1 french 1 gentle 1 excavation 1 rural 1 likes 1 desertion 1 holyfield 1 complications 1 discovers 1 nut 1 required - the 1 struts 1 blending 1 wiry 1 circumstances 1 piled 1 vain 1 camouflaged 1 sleeves 1 pockets 1 read 1 envisioned 1 yummy 1 killed 1 ascending 1 anonymous 1 reeds 1 socket 1 paint 1 hustle 1 despise 1 pines 1 almonds 1 window 1 played 1 purpose 1 compulsion 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 pall 1 current 1 uncapped 1 lingering 1 scurried 1 breakdown 1 script 1 heat - i 'd 1 l 1 1965 1 scent 1 exception 1 outgrew 1 catch 1 grain 1 sunburn 1 honey - pie 1 headed 1 north 1 decaying 1 chick - ens 1 peace 1 what - the - hell - ever 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 chamber 1 relaxed 1 waves 1 bathed 1 unspoken 1 hatred 1 rotate 1 serpentine 1 creases 1 great - great - great 1 patch 1 tepees 1 amid 1 ate 1 coagulated 1 gacy 1 round 1 dubious 1 weather 1 remarried 1 catbirds 1 passwords 1 swapped 1 intrusive 1 common 1 designated 1 instantly 1 zigzagged 1 retrieve 1 wept 1 vulpine 1 gobbled 1 throughout 1 nocturnal 1 discarded 1 snowy 1 candescent 1 camcorder 1 compass 1 tried 1 1970 1 cracking 1 participate 1 jewelry 1 locate 1 correct 1 alas 1 owl 1 gradually 1 awhile 1 bro 1 lotus 1 sanity 1 accustomed 1 skies 1 flies 1 angry 1 coiled 1 lovely 1 nine 1 temples 1 quiet 1 flexible 1 utter 1 task 1 filled 1 o 1 largest 1 sickness 1 fooled 1 has 1 housing 1 club 1 proliferation 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 list 1 ravening 1 happier 1 accident 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 dozens 1 unclenched 1 recordings 1 seem 1 glance 1 apprised 1 suddenly 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 simplest 1 supper 1 section 1 edged 1 bunting 1 desk 1 nobody 's 1 lightning 1 complain 1 orgy 1 math 1 boiled 1 spending 1 hotel 1 cuddle 1 tendons 1 ex - girlfriend 1 scripting 1 fired 1 peeking 1 two - star 1 ax 1 sneaked 1 shirt 1 timer 1 keeps 1 saliva 1 alter 1 silt 1 quadrant - a 1 expense 1 muffled 1 stifling 1 throbbing 1 raise 1 rid 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 muriatic 1 affair 1 gotten 1 shovel 1 honestly 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 buster 1 concerts 1 shooting 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 words 1 translucent 1 pacify 1 tidal 1 pinched 1 apple 1 primates 1 shallow 1 chance 1 switched 1 nameless 1 greener 1 collarbone 1 obscenities 1 curtain 1 instant 1 dinners 1 millions 1 lamp 1 seats 1 unloaded 1 temperature 1 scout 1 instance 1 motherfucker 1 corpse 1 tube 1 den - the 1 panels 1 box 1 nursing 1 shiny 1 ugh 1 circuitry 1 alien 1 edgewise 1 conference 1 travois 1 mentioned 1 lolled 1 conjunction 1 humans 1 camped 1 michael 1 skip 1 manifest 1 oozed 1 rusty 1 protocol 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 dispatched 1 thrust 1 switches 1 visitors 1 superheated 1 tumbler 1 typical 1 loosen 1 spots 1 safe 1 star 1 frenzy 1 christmas 1 sin 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 personnel 1 feral 1 ice 1 pointed 1 mosey 1 clacking 1 huh 1 works 1 noted 1 stomach 1 fool 1 consuming 1 texas 1 searing 1 chin 1 crossed 1 functionary 1 fireball 1 overlooking 1 valor 1 long - gone 1 syrup 1 sadly 1 chops 1 sunlight 1 spared 1 exhibits 1 can not 1 idiot 1 scuffle 1 ancients 1 mark 1 distrust 1 listen 1 hoarse 1 dashed 1 bought 1 hopped 1 flirted 1 sunny 1 perform 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 nodded 1 rail 1 gift 1 quits 1 dresses 1 partying 1 remain 1 shake 1 taste 1 uncles 1 ivy 1 football 1 rift 1 lap 1 root 1 openings 1 silvery 1 plotting 1 reduced 1 stay 1 preached 1 live 1 scientists 1 safaris 1 sudden 1 past- 1 apartment 1 ranchers ' 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 self - sufficient 1 afterbirth 1 pupils 1 gain 1 checked 1 dummies 1 major 1 nuzzled 1 kindling 1 noises 1 decay 1 covert 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 skittered 1 keyhole 1 bastard 1 cockpit 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 fearful 1 corporations 1 analyze 1 belongs 1 bothered 1 totally 1 psst 914 .
she eventually gave up , realizing her own issues were as transparent to her sister as the looks she gained from fellow doctors and surgeons , whose only attention was for the magical discoveries on clipboards which emitted either shocked surprise or sage acknowledgement .
i ve been fucking struggling ever since you woke me up , and you ve offered little more than the occasional bit of sage advice just to keep me alive long enough to fuck with me some more .
the council of sages , recognizing the visitor , offered a gourd of fermented sap from a haunted tree unlike the others , which had grown from a seed dropt down by someone on the moon ; and as carter drank it ceremoniously a very strange colloquy began .
abraham raised a sage finger .
but every sage with supposed knowledge of the afterlife had to be met , their lessons learned .
all he captured was a heron , a misty mountain crag and a meditating sage .
my gouvernantes had just so much control over me as you might conjecture such sage persons would have in the case of a rather spoiled girl , whose only parent allowed her pretty nearly her own way in everything .
` ` not i , silly little fool as i am , and full of whims and fancies ; for your sake i 'll talk like a sage .
anna sage had also believed what she wanted to believe , but they deported her ass back to poland just the same .
her eyes are filled with stars on the insides of her lids , and her head feels like it will float away , and her throat ca n't swallow , and all she hears through the sound of her own heart pounding is his voice saying words like the advice of a sage man .
dee dee spoke quietly , like a sage calling down to her from some high mountain .
` ` e epi '' he gave up on the sage 's name but inhaled deeply as he pondered the words of wisdom .
owen tried to pronounce the sage 's name .
nodding their heads attentively , they would most likely be told , arden imagined , the following sage words of advice : you are all mortally wounded .
he was grateful the old sage was not intent on improving his english conversational skills .
the bhagavad gita wisely advises the studious reader : governing sense , mind and intellect , intent on liberation , free from desire , fear and anger , the sage is forever free ( vyasa et al , circa 200 bce to 200 ce ) .
please note : i am an unapologetic rational humanist , an altruistic atheist , and most times almost a sage of healthy skepticism , but i nevertheless believe people should have the freedom to believe in whatever religion , superstition or spiritual fantasy they choose , or have chosen for them ( through the lottery of birth ) .
to date , the idea to rename the business has been the only sage advice the white shoe consulting house , which was firmly entrenched at g.o.d . , has provided .
having been previously burned when he fired a pregnant , black , muslim director in the it department who refused to use the staff elevator , doug followed barrys sage advice and avoided using age , race , religion , gender , pregnancy or performance as a basis for firing .
cuddy blabbered on about the injustice and denigration his lovely irene had been faced to endure , while mary waited barrys sage counsel .
he wrote his own job description in defiance of the rules alf sage 's deputy .
in his wake , sage 's nsu prinz ( in his own words , ' the poor man 's mg ' ) came by , fleeing before the folklore rover to pull up inches behind dik 's ford .
with a farewell backward glance and wave at her loved one , she dropped in the clutch , the heavy car squealed in agony , reared up on its springs turning in a haze of smoking rubber , brushing sage contemptuously aside and was gone before he could draw breath to protest .
` ` something to do with sage 's small machine . ''
he paused to engage her in conversation while looking for an excuse to get her to move , but it was a summons from an irate sage which gave him the opportunity .
he could hear sage next door dictating a memo to his secretary ` ` ... .and i confirm that the new pilot machine is to have an output of 200 grammes per minute as agreed by yourself at the last development meeting .
i do n't suppose that word has got very far , but i should n't like sage to know that it went wrong .
trouble is that once they had the gm 's signature on it they diverted the cash - you see sage got himself into very deep water , financially because he had n't got any work to carry over the losses from the small machine so folklore had to bail him out by commissioning the largest moulding machine the uk is ever likely to see .
marvin the ghost hung by henna 's head , invisible to everyone but her and whispering sage advice .
for my birthday she gave me a journal along with a book entitled how to write the novel of your dreams , with the sage advice to get a life and quit lamenting the day shell leave for school .
when a crisis arises they bring with them an abundance of comfort food , wisdom , sage advice and martinis .
he does not look like a wizened sage , but he certainly acts like one .
he thought it made him look like some sort of oriental sage but natural evidence to the contrary mostly it made him look effeminate .
just do nt upstage my sage tofu kaftas , and we have a deal .
if you re going to page - travel , you need sage advice from a master of the magical arts .
for though they were not quite sages yet , these trees were surely on their way to achieving such a status , and at the very least , their conversation was entertaining .
it was answered by an elderly woman who looked very much like the stereotypical sage , who saw their condition and promptly let them in .
he is a unique spin on a wise sage or philosopher character .
one sage remarked , people are so unreasonable - they complain of cold in the winter , and of heat in the summer .
he was once again restored with the sage of hope that had been stripped from his presence , but this time embodied in an exodus .
personally designed marketing planbearded mullahsinternet video tournewly baptized sage behind a brown podium with a bright blue sealstate - wide listing servicelittle men crawling atop a big pile of rubbleelectronic lockbox .
he contemplated the quandary as though he was a sage of the higher order before justifying his taller stature .
he may have once been recognized as a sage to those whom he tutored .
he was an old sage embodied in a young frame .
shed frown later , at the too salty dish , but knowing very well it was by her own sage suggesting it had turned so , she could nt very well complain now , could she ?
to quote from poes translation of the prashna : after a year kabandhi asked the sage : master , who created the universe ?
the sage replied : the lord meditated and brought forth prana with rayi , the giver or name and form : male and female , so that they would bring forth innumerable creatures for him .
it was important that the sage you reached to sit down beside had himself traveled every step of the way , had himself traversed every danger and pitfall , had himself reached the highest peaks , and had himself , from only one step shy of nirvana chosen , not to disappear , but to return to the world to relate his journey for those who may wish to know .
and so , as the first student found and sat down beside the first teacher , eager to listen , eager to have the sage share his journey , the first upanishad was born .
and lara saw that : you could be so transcendent that you , like the sage , as the commentator goes on to say , shrink from none or nothing .
if trees could look at each other and nod in sage agreement , the juniper and elm would have done so right then .
the ranyakas , or forest texts , were presumably composed by sages who sought seclusion in the forests .
the next stage saw sages then retired to the forests to reflect on the meaning of sacrifice and the person who makes the sacrifice .
then , after an encounter with the sage narada , vlmki turned his life around and became a poet and scholar .
mahbhrata the mahbhrata is an epic story of some 100,000 verses attributed to a sage named vysa .
according to legend , sages recognized in the newborn boy the marks of a great man with the potential to become either a sage or the ruler of an empire .
according to legend , sages recognized in the newborn boy the marks of a great man with the potential to become either a sage or the ruler of an empire .
the goal of the theravadin is to become an arahant , a sage who has achieved nirvana and will never be reborn .
a sage withdrew his senses from the world of change and , seeking immortality , looked within and beheld the deathless self .
when all the speeches and sage nodding and sound of forks on cake plates was finished , the judges retired to deliberate and laredo shot a smug and scalding glance at blaise from his wing of the stage .
while i was cooking i had asked to david to recover from the balcony of the sage .
david the sage did n't find her / it and i had had to handle of person to retrieve her / it , without forgetting , from true perfectionist , to underline the ineffectiveness of my friend .
randals advice was sage .
even judge watters seems impressed as alcott establishes his credentials to serve as an expert in american letters , sage of contemporary literature , and judge over the quicksilver quality of a works socially redeeming value .
plus my invisible entourage are pretty stellar .. sage is the greatest .
the sage helps clear things , she explained .
principal archetypes are the sage , the mother , the hero , the child , the seductress and the trickster .
the sage ranges from jupiter to our image of god .
and the sage .
what could she have looked like he wonders , imagining he is the student who longs to ask this from the elderly raconteur before him , calm in his composure of a sage unstirred by the chaos of the world .
lets call him sage .
michael only smiled , but the name stuck , and after that , his new companions called him sage .
he boiled water and sterilized some old clothes that sage had saved to use as bandages to wrap the wound .
now , i m insisting that sage comes along with us , pat smiled .
i have a pistol and a rifle , sage volunteered , but i have no powder or shot .
i do nt have lead here , sage replied , but there was lead in the wagon .
joe , sage asked , can you hold the cave against invaders while were gone ?
okay , lets go , pat , sage said .
the other two wagons may have lead , also , sage said .
pat was astonished at the skill sage displayed when he threw his knife to kill the rabbit .
sage hung the skin of the rabbit on the trunk of a tree and , from thirty paces , threw his spear , ax , and knife .
while pat was making shot , joe taught sage to fire his guns .
when sage was out of earshot , joe told pat , hell soon be as good as i am , and maybe better .
when sage returned , joe said , ill be ready to travel in a couple of days .
i have an idea , sage suggested .
all right , pat , sage said .
we could take them completely by surprise and do it all at once , sage said .
then sage showed them the bag of gold coins .
no , ill go alone , sage said .
chapter nine second trip to the indian village sage left the next morning when there was just a trace of light .
pat would ride , but sage felt more comfortable on the ground .
the village is only a short distance ahead , sage said .
before the indians could get back , sage and his companions would be long gone .
lets wait until dark , sage replied , then work our way to the river .
there was no way they could discuss it , so sage dragged the other saddle .
i learned that from a rabbit , sage explained .
they were both big men , and too heavy for the horse , so sage got off and asked pat to continue on alone .
pat was amazed that sage could conceal himself where there was so little cover .
* * * about four hours later , sage crawled into the cave with a big smile on his face .
pat told sage that salt was a real luxury on the frontier .
the iron skillet and pot were too heavy and cumbersome to carry , so sage oiled and wrapped them in a skin to keep them dry and stored them in his cave thinking that he might want to return someday .
all right , sage said .
the other attacker was approaching from another direction , making it impossible for sage to remain hidden from both , so he waited with his ax ready .
without flinching , sage hurled his ax at the first comanche with swift and final accuracy , and then turned his attention to the indian who had shot the arrow .
when the second attacker was close , sage grappled with him , using wrestling techniques his father had taught him , threw the indian to the ground , and ended the fight with his knife .
sage gathered the reins of the horses and ran up the canyon to a place where he could climb out .
chapter eleven to the tall blue mountains when sage arrived , joe said , good work , sage , you ve got them all .
they saddled the horses and changed the backpack from the stallion to the mare ; sage wanted to ride the stallion .
when they broke into the open , the indians were confused , and by the time the indians figured out what was happening , sage and the two mountain men were already inside the circle of wagons .
after eliminating the indians , sage turned and dashed back into the fray , dropping indians as he went .
pat spoke , he s name is michael mcbain , but we call him sage .
sally , this is michael mcbain ; they call him sage .
ill provide all the meat you ll need , sage said .
then they sat down to a meal of fresh buffalo meat that sage had provided .
joe was telling the girls the remarkable story of how sage had survived alone on the prairie , and of his skills with the weapons he carried .
sage was glad he did nt have to survive alone in this harsh place .
on many evenings , sage and sally walked together .
chapter twelve getting the lay of the land sage called joe and pat aside and told them his plans .
pat and joe led sage on exploring trips .
if you re finished with your drinks , sage said , lets get outta here .
the wagon master , with a spanish couple , invited sage and the two mountain men to join them .
that s why we call him sage .
sage started to get up , but pat put his hand on his shoulder , indicating he wanted sage to remain seated .
sage started to get up , but pat put his hand on his shoulder , indicating he wanted sage to remain seated .
thanks , pat , sage murmured .
joe said , sage , when you get a reputation , there s always some damn fool who wants to challenge you .
after a couple of hours , sage had finished his second drink .
on the way back , sage said , i want to take a look at that mine tomorrow , so i can get the lay of the land .
i do nt want to go into the mine , sage explained .
* * * joe and sage had ridden for about an hour when joe said , the mine is another mile up that canyon on the north side of the draw .
joe , i want to start a ranch and raise some high - quality horses , sage commented .
i think were beginning to see why the diego ranch is going broke , sage said .
okay , sage , joe agreed .
as the light was fading , and shadows were deepening in the valleys , joe told bonnie of the business proposition sage had made .
chapter thirteen the don diego ranch i think its time for me to make myself known to the seorita , sage said .
let me take a bath , get a haircut , and a shave , sage said .
it took sage and his friends about an hour from the time they saw the hacienda in the distance until they reached it .
the spanish custom required sage to be introduced to the seorita before he spoke to her .
when he got to sage , he said , seorita , this is seor michael mcbain ; his friends call him sage .
that s a long story , sage replied .
sage knew that he and joe had been thinking the same thing about the two horses .
sage tied the reins of their mounts to a branch and took juanitas hand , leading her under a giant oak tree .
if i buy the ranch , sage said , ill need help to work it , and i d be pleased if your vaqueros would stay and work for me .
then , looking back at sage , she said , manuel is my foreman .
they rode through fertile river - bottom land with grassy meadows , reminding sage of the meadow across the creek from his cave .
sage liked him , and manuel seemed to like sage .
ill see you tomorrow about midmorning , sage said .
on their ride back , sage told juanita that he would like for her to ride with joe and bonnie tomorrow , since they were going to be her neighbors .
no , but i do understand my customs , sage answered , and it is my custom i will observe at this time .
juanita listened to the verbal exchange between sage and her uncle .
juanita , sage asked , would you like to come with us ?
pat and joe told sage of their talk with carlos .
pat and sage went to margaritas place .
some men , who had been hired by alvarez , thought sage had stepped out of line .
she warned sage to be careful , that there may be trouble .
two very pretty girls came to the table to asked sage if he would like to dance .
pat looked at sage and gave ever so slight a nod .
sage rose and asked the larger of the two , are you drunk ?
with one quick move , using a technique his father had taught him , sage threw the man to the floor on his face and twisted his arm behind his back ; a bit more pressure would have broken his arm at the shoulder .
when sage looked up , pat had his pistol in the belly of the other man .
slowly , sage allowed the man to rise .
sage and seorita diego will show it to us tomorrow and , if we like it , sage will buy it , and well be in the horse - raising business .
they got to the diego ranch at midmorning , as sage had told juanita they would .
as they passed a large boulder , sage told joe , that rock marks the boundary between juanitas ranch and the ranch were buying .
joe repeated what sage had told him .
pat knew that sage would become aware of his presence and come to check it out .
no , sage said .
lets buy it , sage said .
no , joe , sage corrected .
tomorrow , sage said , i will take these signed papers to the government offices and register the property in my name .
two indians were attacking her , and she would have been killed if sage had nt stepped in .
chapter fifteen the stolen cattle while joe and bonnie looked at the new ranch , pat and sage rode to the diego ranch .
juanita , sage said , perhaps you should not ride with usthe ride will be difficult and dangerous .
yeah , i guess you re right , sage smiled .
pat held back , wanting to be sure their backs were covered in case there were men that sage had nt seen , although he doubted that there would be .
in just a few minutes , sage returned with two rabbits , cleaned and dressed .
okay , this will be ready in about half an hour , sage said .
oh , i m not a mountain man , corrected sage .
looking at juanita , sage said , now , lets hear about you .
i d like to go for a walk and listen to the sounds of the night , sage said .
with a little laugh , sage wrapped her in his arms .
juanita looked at sage , caressed his face with her fingers .
before his companions awoke , sage walked out into the hills and brought back three sage hens , and cooked them with the wild vegetables he gathered , and had breakfast ready when pat and juanita woke up .
all right , sage replied .
juanita explained , sage is the new owner of the cordova ranch , and he will be our neighbor .
well have to chase vacca and his men back to mexico , sage said , before we will be able to restore the mine to juanita .
well barbecue two steers , sage suggested .
i wish juanita were here to help us celebrate , thought sage .
with sage leading , they started for the wagon camp .
when they got halfway to the wagon camp , sage said in a low voice , were being followed .
the group consisted of joe , pat , sage , carlos , his three sons , and juanita .
carlos , sage asked , can you and your sons get word to the local miners that we will be waiting for the men guarding the mine when they report for work .
juanita , lets ride down by the river , sage said .
she was hoping for a chance to be alone with sage and was pleased that he wanted to be alone with her .
juanita had told sage that if they succeeded in killing her , they would blame him and the mountain men for the killing .
the gunman knew sage was armed , and he had heard of his fighting abilities , so he was moving cautiously .
juanita , sage said , there s no way i m going to allow you to stay at your place tonight .
when they got to santa fe , sage took juanita to the same hotel where he and his friends were staying .
i see why you wanted to come to the hotel , sage smiled .
when sage got to his room , joe and pat were waiting .
i have their pistols with me , sage said as he tossed them on the bed .
when it was time for sage to pick up juanita , joe and bonnie had nt returned .
while sage was waiting in a chair just outside the restaurant door , pat strolled by .
juanita , i do nt want our evening to end , sage said , but i m concerned for your safety , also .
yes , sage agreed .
when they returned to the hotel , sage said , i want to check on juanita .
the man at the desk told sage that after they left to escort bonnie home , seor alvarez and his foreman came to the hotel and took seorita diego with them .
chapter seventeen the mine sage read the word mine ' and then under his breath , he said , they ve taken her to the mine !
ill go in after her alone , sage stated .
pat and joe got into position , sage signaled , and they threw two stones in the bushes on the side of the mine away from where sage was hiding .
pat and joe got into position , sage signaled , and they threw two stones in the bushes on the side of the mine away from where sage was hiding .
while the guards were looking for what had caused the noise , sage slipped into the mine .
as he passed sage in the tunnel , sage pulled him into the shadows , and now there were no guards at all .
she knew sage would be coming for her as soon as he found out that she was not at the hotel .
as soon as she was away from the danger of being pushed into the mineshaft , sage jumped into the room and knocked alvarez unconscious .
* * * earlier , when pat and joe had watched sage disappear into the mine , joe remarked , i do nt feel right letting him go into that mine by himself .
then they saw sage standing in the dim light of the opening the mine firing at the men with the rifles .
all right , untie him , sage said .
you d better understand one thing : sage made a promise to juanita that he would not kill you .
it seemed a shame to deny them their revenge , but sage had agreed to let the prisoners go .
no , sage replied .
chapter eighteen taking over the management for five days , sage rode every river , creek , draw , hill , and valley of the ranch he was to manage .
* * * at noon on the fifth day , sage rode into the courtyard of la casa grande .
juanita rode with sage , acquainting him with the land and the people .
after the meal , sage asked juanita to stand with him to help convey his plans to the people .
after the others departed , sage said , carlos , the first thing i want to do is to deal with the problem the women have of carrying water from the river to their homes .
* * * when sage arrived at the cordova ranch , joe and pat were helping seora cordova make final preparations .
joe greeted sage saying , i ve been getting acquainted with our foreman .
i m not worried , sage nodded .
si , seor , sage smiled , but you owe me no debt .
i came here to have a drink with my friends , sage replied .
i want to be your friend , sage repeated .
all right , sage agreed .
thinking of you keeps me awake most every night , sage said as he embraced juanita .
at the end of the day , sage went to the river , bathed , and changed into fresh clothes .
juanita wanted it to be attractive to the man she loved , and sage wanted time alone with her .
while the others were setting up camp , sage moved off into the hills and returned with a deer ready to be cooked .
they had not heard a gun fired and was amazed that sage could come back so soon with a fully dressed animal without firing his gun .
ill be here with my wagon and drivers , thank you , sage replied .
the trip back was easy , and sage was eager to see juanita .
when sage arrived back at el casa grande , juanita was expecting him and came running to greet him .
when sage was sure the horse would be well tended , he went into the big house with juanita .
ill have whatever sage is having .
well have to wait until after the wedding , sage said .
the first thing you must do , sage said , is to fill that old mineshaft .
it has been done , sage said .
carlos , work with juanita , sage suggested .
also , sage continued , i need four good mules for pulling the wagon .
they were thinking of their life together , but neither wanted to talk about it until sage returned .
you can use the water for irrigation , and the plants in the fields will filter the water before it flows back into the river , sage explained .
now , lets get back to helping the ladies , sage said .
when sage told juanita that he wanted to go to santa fe to get the things he would need to wear , she told him that she already had her dress , but she would help him select a tailor to sew his special clothes .
the girls were discussing the suit sage would wear .
after the tailor took his measurements , he asked sage to be back in two hours , and the suit would be ready for a fitting .
juanita came and sat beside sage and held his hand .
sage nodded and called for a wagon to take them back to their place .
sage lifted juanita up on the back of the wagon , and they rode along with their feet hanging over the end , discussing the things that needed to be done before sage could leave with the wagonload of bullion .
sage lifted juanita up on the back of the wagon , and they rode along with their feet hanging over the end , discussing the things that needed to be done before sage could leave with the wagonload of bullion .
i m leaving , sage said , but never doubt , i will return .
* * * sage awoke early and spent his time going over everything , making sure nothing was overlooked .
have a good life in california , sage said , and perhaps someday our trails will cross again .
pack mules could walk where the wagon could nt go , so sage had to look for a route for the wagon .
every night , when sage returned to camp , he came with fresh meat and knowledge of conditions ahead that mac could use while planning the following days journey .
at night , the drivers taught sage the mexican language , and he taught them english .
one day , sage came upon two arapaho warriors .
they told sage that the southern arapaho were talking of moving back to their ancestral hunting grounds in colorado .
they told sage they would not bother the mule train , and that they would check with him farther down the trail , to see if he had encountered the men they were looking for .
when the one sage had tied did nt return , the leader called out , deet , what s holding you up ?
now , sage had only two more to deal with .
before skinner could move , sage hit him on the head .
the mule drivers saw sage take control of the robbers , so they came out , got the mules , and hooked them back to the wagon .
tie these men to those trees , sage said .
when sage returned with the warriors , mac and some of his men were at the wagon .
ill keep my promise , sage replied .
sage rode his horse across the river and tied a rope to a tree on the other side .
tonight , they would be without warm food ; perhaps tomorrow , sage could provide meat for their breakfast .
mac , sage asked , why are they looking at me in such a strange way ?
that s quite a system they have , sage noted .
after three days of preparing , sage was ready for the return trip .
the night before the train was to leave , sage loaded the gold in the false bottom and slept in the wagon to guard it .
in the evenings , sage instructed the new men to use their guns and told them what to expect in the event of an indian attack .
the men had just completed setting up camp and were cooking their food when sage heard a lone coyote howl .
the howling of a coyote was not unusual , but sage knew that this howl was very unusual .
then just to his right , sage felt the grass move .
the new threat moved in the direction sage had moved .
just as they were getting the camp back in order , sage came over the ridge with a fully dressed deer over his shoulders .
after breakfast , sage thanked his men for standing firm and told them that he would be leaving to complete a personal journey .
chapter twenty - one return to evening star thank you for your help , mac , sage said .
i ve spent many years alone in this territory , sage replied .
* * * at first light , sage rode southbound , leading a pack mule .
other than the spear , he had made before he left the cave , these weapons were things sage had brought from st . louis .
he did nt cry when sage took him in his arms .
evening star had never seen sage without his long hair and flowing beard .
she reminded sage of a little bird about to take flight .
chapter twenty - two back to santa fe and juanita when evening star returned to black crow , sage returned to his cave , gathered his mother and fathers things , and prepared to load them onto the pack mule so that he would be ready to leave in the morning .
men , sage said to the drivers , when we get to the ranch , pull the wagons into the barn , unhook the mules , and turn them loose in the pasture .
this question told sage that juanita had told her uncle that he had taken all the bullion to st . louis to sell .
ill tell you nothing until i see juanita , sage replied .
one look and sage knew she was under a lot of stress , but she was unhurt .
then she went with sage as they were escorted into the adjoining room .
* * * when the mule drivers saw sage being taken with a gun at his back , they went into action .
joe noticed that the three drivers were armed with two revolvers each , and he asked if sage had trained them to use the guns .
when he saw sages hat in the window , he knew that was a signal from sage .
when he saw sages hat in the window , he knew that was a signal from sage .
when the guard came to unlock the door , sage noticed that the guard was wearing his guns .
alvarez saw what joe was trying to do , and decided to go after sage and juanita , to use as hostages to force joe to release him and his men .
the men hesitated knowing sage had two revolvers and plenty of ammunition .
when sage heard all of this going on in the adjoining room , he went to the window and called out to joes men outside , someone , come to this window .
alvarezs men were about to get through the door , so sage had to direct his attention to defending the room .
that stopped them long enough for juanita to escape , but it did nt leave sage enough time to try to get his much larger frame through the small window .
while the other attackers were getting out of range , sage grabbed the weapons from the bodies of the two he had shot , and he left them lying in the doorway as a reminder to the rest of the men of the price they would pay for trying to come through that door .
at the same time , sage could hear alvarezs men in the other room trying to knock a hole through the inside wall between the two rooms .
now , sage had only the opening in the wall to defend .
neither joe nor sage wanted to interfere .
now that the fight was over , sage wanted to see juanita .
it was not the complete truth , but sage felt it was all juanita needed to know for now .
joe heard what sage said , and nodded his head .
while joe and sage were talking to juanita , ramon rode up .
ramon now realized that sage knew what had happened , and why alvarez fired that wild shot at him in the dark .
ramon , sage said , thank you for your help .
when sage returned from taking care of his horse , both his room and bath were ready , and the ladies were cooking .
after his bath , sage went to the big room to wait for juanita .
i have gifts for everyone , sage said , and ill give them out tomorrow night .
yes , sage said .
sage asked ramon to have his men unload the wagon and place the contents in the courtyard , ready for the celebration .
after the meal , sage handed out presents to everyone .
sage showed them the plows and seeds for the growing of next years crops .
in the forest sage narad accosted him and knowing the resolve of dhruv to appease lord vishnu , he taught him a very difficult regime of worship to test his resolve .
once sage narad was saying eulogies to lord vishnu .
wearing his adolescent angst like a badge of honor , carl , the child prodigy , suffered emotional diarrhea , and sage wrote exclusively in short , choppy sentences .
for what its worth , sage noted , i thought abis story was rather touching .
austin and sage strolled back to the community college parking lot .
he was the man again , the sage retreated back inside somewhere .
however , upon his long - awaited reunion with cookie , the bewhiskered sage was immediately perplexed and , to a certain degree , even disillusioned by the disparity in temperament between the princess that he had known a mere eighty - five years earlier and the one who now asked for his assistance .
i see you have nt met sage , said joe with a grin .
i met blue - haired mike and columbia guitarist sage , as well as a handful of girls who hung onto nori or whatever musician was closest .
i realized , when he was out the door , that i had forgotten to ask if joe or mike or sage would be there .
mike and the petite blonde were already there ; joe , we were told , was coming later , and sage could nt make it out .
nicolas first thought to ask this sage what was really on his mind .
the sage was now the one with the most worn thumbs .
in many ways that is ironic , as for the past ten years i have considered aristotles nicomachean ethics not only the quintessence of all ethical treatises but the greatest of all books , although obviously the style of my own writing is not similar to the prosaic and methodical logic and analysis found in a translation of aristotle -- not that this sage who wrote poetics was nt artistic or that his writings would not have been flattened by multiple islamic and latin translations .
the story of the quarrel between a tiger and an elephant and the amicable solution by the sage god narada was also interesting .
and so , he resolved to seek advice from the shaman who was known as wherewithal the wise , yet whom others called the fool ; ancient child and infant sage , embodiment of contradictions , wherewithal would tell him what was to be done .
it is important we have a lot of sage .
i 'd hoped to gain a chuckle from him at this , or at least some sage acknowledgement .
but mr . titmouse clearly understood that he overstepped his place , and he nodded in sage understanding , his cowering , twitching form brought back into servant submission .
christian was so protective and caring of clarisse ; he was like a second father to her , sharing his own sage past experience of the pitfalls and problems of being five .
he has completed his second novel , tentatively titled the mourning sage , and is hard at work on the sequel to his first novel .
during the initial waiting period to write my chapter this year , i managed to finish a second novel , tentatively titled the mourning sage , which i started in november 2011 with nanowrimo .
sit down , oh sainted sage , and inundate my consciousness with infinite wisdom .
they also took it upon themselves to offer their sage advice that it is high time that i stopped allowing you to string me along .
during the course of almost any day there were any number of reasons why two young ladies of not quite the marriageable age must consult one another for sage advice and judicious opinion .
it was nice of sage to invite her , but teagan did nt like to meet new people in that kind of setting .
teagan smiled but wished that sage had taken the trouble to tell her actual names .
teagan knew this because one of the guys , chet ( sage had addressed him as such ) , told them .
later on , teagan ran into sage on one of the many pedestrian paths .
she recalled the rape marlow had mentioned and wished now shed thought to ask sage about it .
she spun to face sage and nora .
still , teagan was glad sage and nora had agreed to come along .
of course sage would nt sit beside her like she usually did .
he looked at sage and nora .
actually , sage and nora and jake did most of the talking .
watching the hockey practice was fun only because sage and nora had come along to keep teagan company .
it was time , as sage repeatedly said , for them to spread their own wings .
that was how sage found her .
she really should nt have stayed online with him , but sage was out again and talking to him made her feel like she was nt so alone .
she was full of sage advice .
gone was the revolutionary and in its place was the old sage , turning on the young initiates .
the sage wanders without knowing , looks without seeing , accomplishes without acting .
john astor you have demonstrated that you are truly the sage i believed you were .
i could always depend on henry with sage advice .
he 's motivated by the fear of enabling her again , and it helps that he trusts my sage advice .
which meant , maybe tomorrow , i could find some time to broach the subject with sam and today i had the time to discuss the situation with my sage friend celeste .
when did he become a sage ?
` ` so , you 're a law enforcement officer and denver 's resident sage on how to deal with being raped ?
where camille antoine was a straight - talker , leo was a sage .
it was my turn to stare at him and i did this trying to come to terms with the fact that he was sage .
you 're a sage , telling me about the pitfalls of fame and then you court it by snapping up photographs .
two intelligent males imparting sage wisdom .
why could n't she have brothers named jack and bob instead of sage and morocco ?
` ` don hasty and joann told sage that you two used to meet on the beach by the lighthouse every night during the summer .
` ` call the cops , '' noah told his mother , ` ` then call sage and morocco and ask if they 'll help . ''
yasmin john thorpe of orchid house for all your sage advice which has been so appreciated .
he was thinking of blakes sage advice .
he regretted not being able to share the most key piece of information about himself with the sage .
she saw sarah look at sage and something unspoken passed between them .
sage placed his arm around sarah 's shoulders and they walked back to the picnic area .
please consider staying with sage and sarah until i return . ''
i look up to see sage walking toward me .
lake may have drakes smile , but sage has his eyes .
but sage was right .
i ask sage , who is still standing there staring at the door .
drake heard the accident , sage says .
he is an older brother , sage interjects .
he s talking with sage and i see him falter for just a moment .
the suspense is killing me , sage says sarcastically .
i need to make sure i tell sage thank you again , i say to his lips .
i m well , and i m actually heading to work right now , but i know i ca nt resist hearing my wise , old sage mother give me advice .
i heard everything you said , and i m sure i have something sage and compassionate to say in reply .
its sage .
but you owe me an answer , sage .
my friend sage .
derek seems amused by the show , and i could kiss him when he responds , sage knows what i like .
our little sage is growing up .
this is sage .
they do nt put kids in the joint , sage .
its not about trust , sage .
and what are you going to perform for us today , sage and derek ?
the landladys a fan of the show , and when i admitted that i m that sage , she switched from hard - nosed landlady to fan , and within a few hours i d handed over seven hundred dollars for two weeks rent .
you ve got a quality , sage , what they call star quality .
so much for the softer , gentler sage .
< < < < > > > > more than anything more than anything continues sage and dereks saga from less than nothing .
might not even have recognized him , ren thought , if sage had nt greeted him by name .
it sounds awful , but sage has nt let us down yet .
score another point for sage , said sugar .
even though tully and sage did nt know each other very well , the carrigans were an established local ranching family , thoroughly plugged into the back and forth of marietta town gossip .
sage would be bound to ask a few friendly questions , which sugar might blurt out hasty answers to , and tully was nt ready to let anyone else in town know about her birth mothers long lost son , or any other morgan family secret .
now that really might be too much , buying out the store and depriving our fellow mariettans of chocolate until sage has time to make more .
lizzie versus lily , owen interprets with a sage nod .
screw the toned abs and cute accent ; i was right back to wondering how sage could think this guy was my taste .
it would proudly state that i have conquered the uncontrollable tremors of my treacherous heart , and that i listen now only to the sensible voice of reason and follow diligently only the sage advice of my intellect .
paul gave a sage nod .
one might think that after the many wise conversations i ' ve had with her , i should be used to it by now , but she will always remain my sage , no - nonsense mentor , in one way or another .
i pick up the phone and dial maddy 's number , wanting to cry on her shoulder , to get her sage advice , but her voicemail picks up .
when sage and paula - that 's her partner - got married .
as they grew older , valerie had listened to his confidences and offered a big sister 's sage advice .
` ` while i appreciate your sage relationship advice , i 'd much rather talk about you and your fuck buddy . ''
dottie smiled like a sage .
` ` you have no proof that miss sage was an ` ` accomplice ' to your criminal .
if rachid succeeded in ascending to king , his would be the third generation to trust this man 's sage advice .
jeremy was n't sure turkey would soften jeisa 's mood , but he was n't about to ignore sage advice from a man with a happy marriage and a loving family .
she was baking cookies , remembering a piece of sage advice from years past .
` ` ' t is a new page in your life you 're embarking on , '' gannon said in a sage voice .
` ` what other sage bits of advice did they give you ? ''
she wanted to go with him to nash 's folly where nora would make her tea , j.b . would offer sage wisdom , and garrett would keep her safe .
` ` before we left , we visited a medical sage .
our broker now is sage whitten , of the birmingham whittens .
by the time sage whitten arrived , webb knew exactly where they stood in the stock market .
dimitri gave me a sage look .
the jewish sage tzor hamor comments that now cain ` ` will know no more peace than his brother 's blood . ''
in explaining god 's response to cain 's inadequate sacrifice , the jewish sage sforno explains : ` ` if you succumb to your evil inclination then punishment and evil will be as ever present as if they lived in your doorway .
the video had that same , slightly jerky feel most internet feeds had , but nonetheless , the face of my ( kind of ) friend sydney sage smiled back at me .
` ` even without the wine , i would n't have any sage advice . ''
` ` blue balls , '' gray said with a sage nod .
` ` so , i guess my best friend is a sage , then . ''
times like now , he also missed her sage council .
no , i did n't do anything with sage .
` ` when did you get to be such a relationship sage ? ''
` ` my lady , '' sage said , ` ` his lordship sent me to attend to you . ''
` ` thank you , '' she replied , wondering what sage thought of the lord and lady of the house communicating at arm 's length on the morning after their wedding .
and he 'd acted as a sage business advisor - a sounding board who 'd offered the services of his own hand - picked accountant .
` ` my little sage has been so busy with school that i ' m beginning to think the girl will never settle down . ''