* * * * * sage was the fanciest restaurant in town , but autumn would much rather be at delmonaco 's .
sergei looked down at the woman who was painfully thin but strikingly lovely with her lush brown hair and porcelain skin , her fascinating sage green eyes staring up at him with terror shining from their lovely depths .
he smiled gently down into her sage eyes and grimaced .
rose laughed and sage cheered .
one the lawyer 's office at the firm of drake , alcott and whittaker was too crowded for sage lassiter 's tastes .
lassiter had been dead only a couple of weeks and sage was having a hard time coming to grips with it .
angelica 's big brown eyes were red rimmed from crying and there were lavender shadows beneath those eyes that told sage she was n't sleeping much .
one or two of those phrases resonated with sage .
` ` to colleen falkner , '' he went on and sage shifted his gaze to the blonde .
if she was acting then send her an oscar fast , sage thought dryly .
` ` oh , my- '' she shook her head in disbelief , but walter was moving on already and sage braced himself for whatever came next .
beside sage , dylan looked shell - shocked and he could n't blame him .
she 'd half convinced herself that the rich , gorgeous sage lassiter was interested in her .
that he and his oldest son were n't close , sage was clearly still dealing with a loss he had n't been prepared for .
but sage hoped to hell they could work it out and find their way past all of this .
at that thought , sage crept back into her mind .
her brief conversation with sage lassiter had left colleen more shaken than the news that she was now a millionaire .
but all sage had to do was show up and her mouth was so busy thinking of doing other more interesting things that it could n't seem to talk .
she 'd been living in sage 's room for the past few months .
going in , sage had guessed that walter would n't talk .
but sage had given up trying to figure out the old man years ago .
walter stood up , since staying in his chair required him to look up at sage , and he clearly did n't enjoy that .
sage climbed out of the car and paused long enough to take a quick look around the familiar landscape .
much like sage 's own ranch , there were plenty of outbuildings , barns , cabins for the wranglers who lived and worked on the ranch , guest cabins , and even a saltwater pool surrounded by grass , not cement , so that it looked like a natural pond .
three or four people answered her at once and sage followed the voices to the great room .
maybe that was part of what sage had rebelled against all these years .
` ` now , tell me how my best friend becomes a millionaire and gets a date with the sage lassiter . ''
nope , that was all sage lassiter .
she reached into a hall closet , pulled out a heavy black coat and slipped into it , covering herself up so thoroughly , sage 's brain was able to kick back into gear .
at least for sage .
had n't had the patience to carefully win sage over .
instead , he 'd simply demanded respect and affection and sage had refused to give either .
and the love they shared for sage 's sister was the one thing he and j.d .
but as he told her about his place , sage realized something .
as sage had pointed out , either way , she could n't stop them , so why should n't she be grateful to j.d .
she leaned even closer and sage was caught in her eyes .
she 'd never been so aware of herself as a woman as she was when she was with sage lassiter .
instead , she would worry about sage lassiter and how important he was becoming to her .
` ` according to google , sage lassiter is worth about ten billion dollars . ''
while she planned her new life , looking forward to all the exciting things stretching out in front of her , sage was in those mental images , too .
what sage 's bank account looked like . ''
jenna turned the laptop so that colleen could see the screen , where an image of sage stared out at her .
colleen would have laughed , but she was staring at the image of sage , drawn from some tabloid site .
colleen thought about it while she finished packing and realized that if it would be smart to stay far , far away from sage lassiter ... she 'd rather be stupid .
angelica was just climbing out of her car when he approached , and one look at her told sage that she was n't in much better shape than she had been when he 'd seen her a couple nights ago .
tenderness swamped sage as he simply stood there holding her , knowing there was nothing he could say to make things better .
as if just thinking about her could make her appear , an old red jeep pulled up the drive and everything in sage quickened .
focusing on his sister gave colleen the chance to tear her gaze from sage 's .
` ` oh , that 's okay , i can- '' sage nudged her hand off the handle , and a now - familiar buzz of sensation hummed from her fingers , up her arm , to rocket around in the center of her chest .
her mouth went dry , her knees went weak and if angie had n't been there , watching the two of them , she might have just thrown herself at sage .
colleen followed her into the house and once she was there , she buried those feelings in the curiosity she had for sage 's ranch .
instead of the ironwork that made up much of the lassiter home ranch , sage 's place was all wood and glass .
the first address she 'd given him was about two miles higher up the mountain from sage 's ranch .
her hair trailed over her shoulders and as she leaned out farther , her jeans tightened over her behind , making sage 's breathing a hell of a lot harder to control .
because she had just realized that tumbling down a rocky ravine might have bruised and broken her body - but sex with sage lassiter just might break her heart .
she chewed at her bottom lip and sage felt a confusing mix of satisfaction and guilt .
amazing , sage thought , that it could still hurt after all these years .
and while her heart hurt for sage , there was pain for herself , as well .
what did matter was the pain sage was still in .
ten she woke up early in the master bedroom to find that sage was already up and gone .
it 's so nice of sage to take the time to show you around . ''
but sage likes you .
god knew sage had made plenty .
she 'd been half in love with sage from the moment j.d .
sage had forgotten all about her and it would really be a good thing if she could do the same .
sage 's ranch was decorated with flowers everywhere .
colleen was as anxious as sage to be alone with him .
how was it possible to love a man as much as she loved sage ?
he looked out of place in her bright , sage - green kitchen with its yellow cabinets and old scarred floors .
all around her pink and purple asters bloomed , as did some russian sage with its blue flowers and silvery foliage .
the entire kitchen was white with stainless steel , and the wicker kitchen chairs were a pale shade of sage .
the sage green room smelled like disinfectant , rubbing alcohol , and witch hazel ; there was soft music that sounded like the theme song from the old 80 's movie terms of endearment coming through the open window from somewhere far away .
i stalked toward the bathroom on my break and bumped into a hard chest that smelled of sage green and fog .
two leather chairs in the living room flanked a muted sage , velvet - upholstered couch .
the walls are sage green , the floors dark hardwood .
the wind blew the scent of sage and dirt .
white tufts of prairie asters and clumps of silver - green sage interspersed with cheat grass .
of dust , hot sage , wool seat covers , sunshine and home .
was n't like the sage , rocks , cactus , and lorelei james scrub pines were unique .
moonbeams bounced off the snow , making the icy crystals dangling from sage plants look like rhinestones .
scrub oak abounded , as did several different kinds of sage .
but in the two years since the deaths of her parents , rielle wetzler had built the sage creek bed and breakfast to supplement her income from her organic farm .
the loan is strictly for the sage creek . ''
i run the sage creek bed and breakfast out on bridger gap road .
chapter twenty - two the main structure of the sage creek bed and breakfast was crafted of rough - hewn lumber and stone .
chapter ten probably it was n't the first time pickup tires screeched to a stop at the sage and spurs motel .
chapter three late saturday afternoon gavin pulled into the parking area of the former sage creek bed and breakfast .
` ` rory and i shared a bathroom until i built sage creek .
we raced across the desert , our feet stirring up the scent of sage .
two more pixies , both in matching shades of sage green , had risen to flank the head pixy .
the scent of lemongrass and sage , once pleasant , turns sour in my nose .
' and lady sage , ' he added quickly , as though it was an afterthought .
' forgive me , lady sage .
her parents are not sage and she has no close relations that are either .
kaspar followed close behind , his gaze sliding from the one sage to the other before he swung around , staring across the treetops to where a third beacon had sprung into flames .
i could pick out the vampires , gaunt and drawn ; and the sage , their scars bright and obvious across their right sides .
` ` the humans and sage there live together as one community , not divided like here . ''
` ` extermino are sage , too , they just believe different things . ''
they gawked as i walked past , shuffling back as though i carried an infectious disease , but i knew better : if they were n't local , this could be the first time they had seen a sage , let alone seen one fly .
they say it 's peace and goodwill to all men , but it 's most definitely hell and gray hair to all sage in athenea . ''
it was n't a large school , but there were still ten other sage acting as guardians , and i fell in with them and a group of humans pretty quickly . ''
stories of humans becoming sage were so rare ... it was dangerous .
at the top of that list was turning humans into sage , or any dark being who could actually wield magic , for that matter .
` ` i could n't remember everything a lady sage needs in winter , but i thought ball gowns , gloves , slippers , and day clothes ... corsets and shoes , and riding clothes , too .
perhaps the one and only characteristic i had inherited from my mother was her sharp sense of style ; but her style was not mine , and i did n't trust her shopping abilities to be suitable for sage .
the flow from the sage around me was getting weaker .
he went to leave the room , full of dumbstruck sage , but autumn called out to him .
the eyes had been drawn on , and the hair was bundled sage .
i lay over the boucle cotton , a deep sage that i ' m sure i 'll muddy up before the night is through .
wesley tuesday , while the skies turn an ashen sage and the hillsides glow neon from the deluge of rain , i walk laken to her final class of the day , cheer .
23 love you a silver dollar eucalyptus baptizes the earth in a shower of pale , sage leaves , silent and stunning as a ticker tape parade .
each sage - colored leaf is peppered with a heartfelt i love you .
i pause shy of mentioning the blue - eyed sage .
the dress is sage green and gray , strapless , showing off her insanely sexy tattoo .
if the kiss got any deeper , my lovely sage green satin undies with smoky gray lace were going to spontaneously combust .
the wal s were painted a warm sage .
i nodded because this was sage .
granted , he was remarkably handsome with his soft wavy brown hair and his sage green eyes trimmed with a hint of gold .
white sage .
sage yells over the noise , pulling a repulsed face at a machine pouring fog across the dance area , like we 're in a freaking club or something .
she asks suspiciously , her gaze dancing back and forth between sage and me .
instead of catching it , sage skitters out of the way and it ends up crashing against the symbols .
i catch sage peeking at her cleavage popping out of her shirt .
it 's phoebe , and it 's sage , and someday it 's going to be katie and lily and sloane- '' she stopped short of rattling off all of their names , one by one , but my mind completed the task , and i realized that if lake had known i was planning on voluntarily becoming a were - a female were - she would have slapped me silly and shot me in the kneecap , just for good measure .
the same way that i was different , the same way that lily and phoebe and sage were different .
phoebe , sage , and all the rest .
phoebe lived a good hundred miles north of eric ; jackson and sage lived farther south .
lake , maddy , phoebe , and sage took the front line ; devon and the kids were hidden safely away .
maddy , lucas , and sage were caught mid - shift , bones frozen in the process of breaking , muzzles protruding from otherwise human faces .
i 'd lay her down on a magically - produced blanket , and we 'd make sweet love amongst the silver sage that grows wild on the fields .
` ` you thought it was okay to have an affair with maureen sage just because i 'd consulted a lawyer ? ''
you knew me as dr . maureen sage when i worked at frey - salter .
later he transferred sage out of the agency .
41 i found maureen sage , aka amelia netley 's personal dream log in her car last night . ''
` ` lawson was an even bigger idiot than you were when it came to maureen sage , alias amelia , '' ellis reminded him softly .
he was about to ruin the clump of autumn sage she 'd nursed back from frost kill last winter - she 'd finally got the plant bushy again , the bright red blossoms cheerful against the green .
the weather in austin was usually dry enough and warm enough for her to mix arid climate plants like autumn sage with wetter weather plants like petunias and roses .
he followed her into the kitchen , which was a sort of sage green with stainless steel appliances .
the room , once pale gray , was now a lovely shade of sage green with sparkling white trim .
he had crawled away from the battlefield and lay in a shallow ravine , hidden behind a clump of sage .
tara looked successful , attractive , and secure , in her sage green sweater and taupe pants .
glancing at rainier to make sure he was out of hearing , she leaned toward sage and said quietly , ` ` yes , i ' m hurt .
moments after sage left the room , dayle said in a loud , whiny voice , ` ` where 's the door ? ''
taking the pillowcases from sage , he shook them out to be sure there were n't any surprises hidden in them .
trout held on to henn 's jacket and sage 's hand .
like wool and sage and lemons .
pine , sage , and a night - blooming jasmine seeped in from the back garden .
but when a cloud of sage suddenly swept over her , she did n't dare look at antony .
like sage , i guess . ''
he wore civilian climbing gear - loud , electric yellow , with orange and red flames that contrasted all the more up next to their bland sage green military issue .
yasmine - eve just kept smiling her sage womanly smile .
large sage and orange flowers bloomed from the vines and i dimly recalled that they were the flower of the tintagelians , the lalitus .
pink coneflower and russian sage marked the paths , along with thick green moss and neatly clipped boxwood .
the beautiful sage green walls took my breath away the moment i walked in .
` ` have you looked any more into what happened to sydney sage ? ''
i know where carly sage is . ''
now that there was a tentative plan in place to find carly sage , i was able to calm down a little and tell the others exactly what i knew .
only those who knew sydney sage was standing there invisible , right in front of them , would be able to see through the spell 's magic .
you 're marrying sydney sage , whether you want to or not . ''
my eyes are ringed with smoky shadow that nearly matches the soft sage dress i ' m wearing .
hardy walked to the comfy - looking sage green sofa and perched on one cushion , letting the camera bag dangle between his knees as he waited .
i get a little pang when i take in the pale sage walls , a color i picked out so that when a baby does come along , we wo n't have to repaint and worry about fumes while i ' m pregnant .
not knowing how to dress , i choose jeans and a cap - sleeved peasant shirt in sage green .
jake tips his head toward a sage green couch in the den .
as i sat there on the leather sofa with my sage stripper , i could n't believe how everything had fallen together .
it sat on the edge of a craggy cliff with two waterfalls dropping on either side of it like the long white mustache of a sage .
it was sage 's birthday too - she was five .
she was able to look past the scent of evaporating sewage and detect the faint smell of desert sage and wet rock .
in the middle of the isle under winnebago was a huge pile of dry sage brush , pine boughs , and antelope chips .
the application displayed a list of pictures of unsavory - looking characters , along with small stories about the latest crimes each had perpetrated : her eyes lingered on the last line - sage teon .
` ` ok , so were at eamons , and sage gets fed up with him bothering us , and we do our bit , '' ganon grinned .
she looked at the call history , her eyes lingering on the last call , from sage , where he had so obnoxiously helped her find delmur .
` ` first by making sage teon bail you out of a stupid mistake , now this ?
looking around , she quietly pulled it out , looking at the missed video call she had received from sage .
so you 'll cross the deep blue desert to the cliffs of saint and sage , where they 'll fit you for a hair - shirt and they 'll hang you from a cage .
he reflected that without keba leaning with her fierce sage hair that sometimes brushed his ocean spray , and her hand like cinnamon that dusted his kneewhen it pressed now and again to emphasize a pointhe would have slipped away to find his own beach .
out in the grassy areas there s wild onion and sage .
hearing that from you is very ironic , white sage .
white sage , terry osa from the moongrave district has increased the revenue of the district , built many schools , established foreign affairs , and built roads connecting major cities .
do you have any idea , red sage ?
pendo asked the sage buck , who d kindly taken her under her wing over the last few months that nasiir had been away .
anyhow we had made a bunch of figurative circles through the numerous canyons , filled with sage brush in the dry bottoms and willow brush , thick and tough to ride through , in the creek bottoms .
on the oasis edge he could see camel sage , onion grass , gobi feather grass , wild alfalfa .
he wanted to get off the ground , and several times he tried jumping onto the scrubby sage bushes that surrounded him .
their backs were just visible above the sage .
it had plunged fifty feet down a steep ravine , cutting a track through the sage and juniper bushes .
the figure crouched down , and appeared to be looking over the tops of the sage .
he threw back the covers , suddenly knowing that the door beside his bookcase no longer led into the bathroom but to a world that smelled of heat and purple sage and fear in a handful of dust , a world that now lay under the shadowing wing of night .
nikko raced silently alongside her , ignoring the occasional burst of a nesting sage sparrow or the bound of a black - tailed jackrabbit .
the alpha male sat on his haunches near a clump of sage .
he remembered the brief but impressive flames created by dry sage branches .
he found a clump of dead sage and snapped off five large branches , piling them next to the fire pit .
the five sage branches twisted like giant , arthritic hands .
with the burning sage branch in one hand and the four backup branches in the other , glass crawled down the bank toward the wolves .
for the first time , glass noticed the clumps of dry sage around the carcass .
in an instant , flames rose two feet above the sage next to the carcass .
a quarter mile away he saw the rusty smudge of a dozen antelope , pawing through the snow to nibble at sage .
they could hear the man snoring as they crept from the sage .
the snow had long since melted , so they picked their way through clumps of sage and dry stalks of buffalo grass .
the saguaro cactus , everywhere reached for the desert sky , the mesquite and sage brush rolled past the atv .
the breeze played across my face and i took a deep breath , reveling for the briefest of moments in the smell of cedar trees and sage .
she dug out a muted sage green tunic to slide over it .
she sighed , then moved slowly back down to her knees , pulling gently at the weeds sprouting amidst the sage .
madelyn has all the simon and garfunkel albums , ' wednesday morning 3 am , ' ' parsley sage rosemary and thyme , ' and ' bookends , ' that madelyn plays incessantly .
the small fire burned quickly , the flames going from white to blue to green before collapsing in a pile of ashes that smelled of burnt sage and basil and charred wood .
i just wanted to stick around for a bit , the girl , sage , leaned towards him with a smile , can you blame me ?
austin shook it , i m sage burnswell , guardian class .
of course , aiden is qualified to do nearly everything , sage rolled her eyes , he is the prime example of an overachiever .
that s because there are so few of them , sage shook her head , we revere them , so of course they re main targets for chaos .
you have no idea , sage laughed .
you ll have to ask one of your guardians , sage said , a tight smile on her face , and i can guarantee that aiden wo nt tell .
sounds good with me , sage said , unfazed by aidens news .
thanks , sage cleared her throat .
she saw sage throw her arms around another girl in greeting , and she wondered if most people did that .
he grabbed her and yanked her back so that they were both hidden behind a pine tree , just as sage turned in their direction , she s not someone that you can easily sneak up on .
the plant which grew before them between two rocks was indeed a sage , with its square , woody stems opening out to a mass of velvety grey - green leaves and a mixture of pink and white flowers sprouting above the lot .
in the background billy stood quietly staring at the sage bush .
to billys left was the old sage bush , still moving slightly with the breeze .
i want to strangle sage .
when we get to the park i see sage sitting on the same bench that we had sat on yesterday .
i ask sage , pushing my way passed papa .
he gestures with his hand for sage to walk in front of him .
he has sage sit in the chair opposite to him , the coffee table separates them .
the only thing that could make this worse would be if sage was present to witness this fiasco .
we both unbuckle , sage gets out of the truck and opens my door .
approaching sages truck ; sage heads over to the passenger side and opens and closes the door for me before he gets into the truck and we drive off .
approaching sages truck ; sage heads over to the passenger side and opens and closes the door for me before he gets into the truck and we drive off .
ruth anne leads us towards a couples table , sage requested , in the non - smoking section .
i have to stop thinking about the urban legend surrounding this house or ill have bags under my eyes the next time i see sage .
my fury over the way he acted last night with sage manages to replace my fears .
i read the caller - i.d . , it reads sage .
i re - enter the room after giving mama a heads up on sage .
i turn my body so that i m facing sage and i ask , would you like anything ?
as i anticipate its next move all the thoughts i m able to form revolve around sage .
have you heard from sage ?
ghosts , nightmares , sage , weirdos following me .
mama hands me a plate the color of sages green eyes .
as i turn around and storm off with sage at my side , every eye in the building is on us , condemning us .
that was weird , sage whispers .
i walk silently behind sage as we head to the nonfiction section .
she turns and asks sage , while twirling her paper - thin hair around her finger flirtatiously .
take a deep breath , mar ; do nt give her the satisfaction of ruining your time with sage .
if i m going to tell her then i m going to have to tell her everything , even the part where sage and i were sneaking off all over town for the so needed proof .
hell probably do something embarrassing like make sage sleep next to him .
is that for the ghost or to ruffle sage ?
he s acting like sage is hurting me .
i tear my eyes away from sage to check .
i make no protest as he removes his fingers away from my face , to explore other areas , lingering in some places ... sage , what are you doing ?
if sage is in his corner then who the f**k is on top of me ?
stay calm , i remind myself , trevor is still going nuts and i did nt answer sage , so he should be coming over to check on me any second now .
what is taking sage so long ?
even with the combination of my blood trickling down my fingers and the sweat on our hands , sage holds on .
i can hear sage laughing along with him .
hey mama , its too crowded in here , i m going to hang outside , i say not wanting anything to do with sage .
every time i look at sage i ca nt help but feel total disgust .
i try to look around the large obstruction that is sage to the table where calista should be seated .
this is sage , cedar , and sweetgrass .
it was great having sage under the same roof while it lasted .
on the first night of installation sage figured out how to get passed the motion sensors by moving really , really slowly .
the scent of sage and lemongrass swirled around her on the breeze , making him dizzy .
juniper trees , pion pines , and scrub oak took the place of cactus and sage .
surrounding the entire area , a rusty light brownish - red soil , sage brush , joshua trees and a variable mixed assortment of yellow - green cacti defined the patently dry landscape .
he gave me the number of a woman named sage .
then why do you want sage 's number ?
why was i upset about haruki wanting to contact sage ?
let me check , sage said .
or maybe he just said it because he knew what sage felt .
a heavy ornate gate opened without sage seeming to push anything .
this time , sage pushed a button and the door opened .
we could head back to the cabin and wait for sage to come find us , or we could knock and risk waking her up .
sage was in the kitchen tending to a pancake in the skillet .
if sage had wanted us to know , she would have said more .
he headed straight for sage and kissed her on both cheeks where she sat .
faizel looked down at sage .
yeah , well ... sage stopped .
it taught me more than that , sage admitted .
no one had told me that sage was going , too .
i cornered sage when she went out to the garage to load her bag in the car .
maybe sage had been right .
i sat and sweep my knees under me to the side and cradled sage in my lap as if she was a little girl .
it was n't fair to haruki that he could n't kiss like sage could , and vice versa .
i suspected it had been sage that tipped him off .
you think sage wants this for you ?
there was plenty to do while we waited for sage and faizel to make up or break up .
maybe it was n't so empty if sage had been using it during the martial spat .
i 'll be fine , faizel tried to assure sage .
did you go up there with sage ?
on the other side , sage was waiting with the rental car running .
i asked sage .
how long were they going to hold that moment with sage against me ?
i 'll stall him , sage crackled in .
you do n't have to die tonight , sage choked out .
he began dragging sage back with him toward it .
they will let you leave here alive if you let sage go .
if there was a remote control for her collar , he could n't reach it without loosening his grip on sage and the situation .
kachada relaxed his grip on sage but kept his knife in place and body shielded .
i thought at first that it was getting sage back .
faizel was shot , sage almost taken , and us nearly jailed because i made an exception .
you know that if she had come after sage or your sister , you would fine , he conceded .
we kept our word , sage said .
in her room , sage said .
that was more damning that anything she could say , sage said .
we ca n't let you go without knowing everything , sage said .
he was blind prejudiced convinced iris that sage would actually be easier to get on our side .
it was sensual and inviting and not at all forced and desperate like the kiss with sage .
i grabbed clara and shoved her under a sage bush .
thought you were dead , sage said .
sit down , sage said .
treethrice glue , sage said , walking to some shelves and filling his arms with seemingly random things .
that bird has been staring at me since before you arrived , sage said .
oh , yes , sage said .
oh dear , sage said .
my ingredients were not cheap , sage said .
let sage fly .
uh oh , sage said .
when they finally flew out from under the royal airship , sage sent the cargo ship rising upward .
you broke it , sage said .
building tools , fixing tools , sage said .
sixteen later that night , sorren followed sage along the winding forest pathways to the small hut thale had been placed in .
seventeen at dawn , sage lightly knocked on the door to sorrens hut .
its not something he ever bragged to me about , sage said .
you should be in bed even now , sage said .
sorren grabbed the walking stick from sage .
oh , sorren , sage whispered , must you be so heartless ?
as if reading his mind , sage turned and hurried back into the airship .
twenty - three sage !
* * * sage did as sorren asked and the two spoke nothing of it .
to their left was an apartment complex known as sage court , and to their right were middle class homes with large backyards in front of a forest that stretched for acres and acres .
-- -- the police officer had gotten into his car parked across from sage court , and viola was walking back to school .
novels by julius st . clair : fantasy : the last of the sages the dark kingdom ( sage saga , book 2 ) hail to the queen ( sage saga , book 3 ) of heroes and villains ( sage saga , book 4 ) the legendary warrior ( sage saga , book 5 ) the end of the fantasy ( sage saga , book 6 ) the return of the sages is now available for preorder here obsidian sky ( obsidian saga , book 1 ) end of angels ( angel story , book 1 ) angels of eden ( angel story , book 2 ) fire and water ( angel story , book 3 ) is now available for preorder here supernatural thrillers : the deadly ones stricken ( fleetbook # 1 ) is now available for preorder here science fiction : upgrade ( the androids trilogy , book 1 ) paranormal romance : my immortal romance if you enjoyed this story , please leave an honest review here so that other people may experience it !
chapter sixteen : the battle of sage valley claudio - valens adamantus , grand legate the fleet had traveled swiftly .
here , sage and myrtles grew in abundance .
how good it was to see the grass , the sage and the holm - oaks after so long in barren desert lands .
edward and i have worked an extra year to fortify brice with sage safety actuating gendarme enforcement .
what is sage trying to do ?
with sage there s some direct connection were mimicking , in the nervous system to neurons link .
remember when we started comparing cerebral activity scans with optimum results from sage ?
only after it rains on the dessert does it come alive with budding flowers , grass shoots , and the wonderful desert smell of wet sage and sand .
i inhale the scents of the sage and lichen - covered rock moist from the morning dew .
chester would yell , stay by that sage brush , or do nt move , or move to the left .
it smells like burning charcoal with a scent of sage and desert dew .
with the help of an anonymous tip they d found the body of the brown chauffeur , ronald sage , in a dump a few miles from brown 's johnson county ranch .
so , she got ralph to kill ronald sage and planted the evidence needed to be sure both taylor and robert were charged and convicted of her mother 's murder . ''
sitting on a rock , he scanned his surroundings -- sage , wild flowers , mountains , the eagle soaring .
he stared at the blood - coated ground , the entrails strung across the sage like christmas lights , and evert with bloody hands holding a slab of deer meat .
david backed the truck into the sage , hoping it would nt puncture a tire , then pulled back onto the dirt , looking for another route .
david drove into the storm , waves of rain pounding down and turning the road slick as ice , truck sliding sideways into the sage .
they re for a band performing at the sage kwintessential or something like that .
i mean , missed the sage hens , tys still alive .
three nails is a tale of tragedy , redemption , and hope from the author of the bestselling cole sage series .
he never liked nixon , but he knew what he was feeling , and when nixons voice cracked , so had cole sage .
a job she had thanks to cole sage .
my name is cole sage .
cole sage was not a coward .
sage , cole sage , chicago sentinel .
my name is cole sage , and i m talking to your father about your mother and her condition .
cole took the hand offered him and said softly , cole sage is mine .
that s a lot of money , mr . sage .
my name is cole , cole sage .
mr . sage always makes me feel so old .
i m cole sage .
sage , cole sage .
cole sage .
all his life , he had been abused verbally and physically by people who looked and talked just like cole sage .
hi , my name is cole sage .
no one knew better than cole sage .
everything cole sage said would happen , had happened .
on cole sage .
i know nothing about beating up sage .
i love you , too , cole sage .
cole sage was totally and completely alone .
continuing reading for an excerpt of the next cole sage mystery , cellar full of cole phillip wesley ashcroft was a man of peculiar habits .
also by micheal maxwell diamonds and cole ( cole sage mystery # 1 ) cellar full of cole ( cole sage mystery # 2 ) helix of cole ( cole sage mystery # 3 ) cole dust ( cole sage mystery # 4 ) three nails : a novella the return of the bride ( a short story in the anthology , eight the hard way ) true survivor -the seth winston story john greenwood copyright 2013 by john greenwood smashwords edition chapter 1 well its day two of our vacation and things seem to be going fairly well .
also by micheal maxwell diamonds and cole ( cole sage mystery # 1 ) cellar full of cole ( cole sage mystery # 2 ) helix of cole ( cole sage mystery # 3 ) cole dust ( cole sage mystery # 4 ) three nails : a novella the return of the bride ( a short story in the anthology , eight the hard way ) true survivor -the seth winston story john greenwood copyright 2013 by john greenwood smashwords edition chapter 1 well its day two of our vacation and things seem to be going fairly well .
also by micheal maxwell diamonds and cole ( cole sage mystery # 1 ) cellar full of cole ( cole sage mystery # 2 ) helix of cole ( cole sage mystery # 3 ) cole dust ( cole sage mystery # 4 ) three nails : a novella the return of the bride ( a short story in the anthology , eight the hard way ) true survivor -the seth winston story john greenwood copyright 2013 by john greenwood smashwords edition chapter 1 well its day two of our vacation and things seem to be going fairly well .
also by micheal maxwell diamonds and cole ( cole sage mystery # 1 ) cellar full of cole ( cole sage mystery # 2 ) helix of cole ( cole sage mystery # 3 ) cole dust ( cole sage mystery # 4 ) three nails : a novella the return of the bride ( a short story in the anthology , eight the hard way ) true survivor -the seth winston story john greenwood copyright 2013 by john greenwood smashwords edition chapter 1 well its day two of our vacation and things seem to be going fairly well .
scanning the snow - brushed tops of sage and prairie grass , she saw no one .
since the night crawlers arrived , they have frightened almost everything away and you seldom hear anything , except the cold mountain wind , as it rushes through the sage brush of the dark and desolate hills .
* * * chapter 4 red mountain red mountain is nestled up against the rolling foothills and home to the mojave yucca plant , prickly pear , creosote bush and sage bushes .
he taught them how to stay concealed , behind the yucca plants or sage bushes .
once he was outside the property , he used the cover of the yucca plants , sage brush and other desert plants to hide behind as he made his way from one to another .
when they were directly across from the house they took cover behind some sage brush .
justin was hidden behind the desert bushes when jed first jumped out from behind the darkness of a large sage bush and showed himself .
having refused my offer of paying rent , she agreed to accept some help in the garden , so after breakfast i started to tackle the overgrown herb patch in front of the main house , clearing away the grass and weeds to reveal fragrant clumps of sage , rosemary and thyme .
almost home , almost dark , but a queer light hovered after so much gloom over a field of dry broom - sage and bushy green myrtle bushes .
the buckboard dipped into a firebreak , clinking the glass jars like bags of marbles ; then bucked up and over the hillock of dirt and a sudden clearing of blowing broom - sage already taking on wheat tones but still turquoise at the roots .
the rooms had different scents and sounds , surf and sea - spray or birdsong with sage and lavender .
i stared at the house , trying to envision ian painting the lap siding sage green , applying the terra cotta red to the eaves , a lighter terra cotta orange to the trim around the windows .
the morning breeze tossed faint , flickering light off the desert sage .
they began wading through sage brush away from the complex .
the smell of burnt gun powder floated on the dry desert wind and smothered the smell of the sage brush .
the porch light shone on the sage brush across the road and the solitude in every direction .
apparently , following monition club tradition , that meal was taken on an enclosed brick terrace , which overlooked a cloistered atrium whose center was as neatly laid out as an herb garden , though this time of the year there was scarcely anything to see but fallow ground and a geometry of low cast - iron fences , presumably to keep the mint out of the sage .
he caught the distinctive scent of the aromatic scrub , a blend of rosemary , lavender , cistus , sage , juniper , mastic , and myrtle .
outside is a dry but not unpleasant landscape of red rocks , broom sage , desert flowers that look a bit like sego lilies , stunted pines , and a few barrel cacti .
the sharpest knife we could find glided easily into the sage green material .
with my van mostly buried in ferns , creosote , huckleberry , gooseberries and sages , and surrounded by bent and twisted oaks , firs and pines , i studied the layout before me .
he heard the rustling of a large animal , probably a mule deer , running through the sage .
back down into pine trees , descending toward desert and the heat of it and the tang of dry sage in the upslope wind .
they worked their way down through the sage to the riverbank and stopped for a drink .
he 'd ridden down out of the alpine forest and now the foothills of the mountains were bare and the air had become warm and redolent of sage .
without taking his eyes off the sage , torres reached a hand up to shoulder level .
the national guard armory was way up in unincorporated tampa , at the northern edge of hillsborough county , a harsh landscape of citrus groves and cypress swamps and broom sage fields gone dry and brittle in the sun , waiting for the chance to burn and turn the whole county black with the smoke .
sydney sage , the aforementioned girlfriend and light of my life , did n't even look up , though a hint of a smile played at her lips .
zoe sage , sydney 's sister .
` ` you think i ' m so manipulative and scheming , miss sage ?
sydney sage really was the reckless one .
i remembered those frantic seconds when i 'd thought all i loved and knew , all that was sydney sage , would be lost from this world .
it was a beautiful four - poster canopy bed with sage and burgundy satin bedding and romantic , gauzy white curtains along the sides that were tied to the poles in an open position .
i 'd painted the room last year in a tranquil shade of sage green that i 'd picked out .
the wind picks up , swirling the sand and the sage brush .
so we run , racing through the sage and cacti , the city getting closer .
aiden 's at a jog and he trips over a sage bush .
i hook the sword through my belt loop and trek across the sand and sage brush .
i saw everything from sage to rosemary , to mint and thyme .
the snake flew in a graceful arc and landed near a clump of purple sage .
` ` you , miss sage , have been a remarkable example of someone able to work extensively with them and keep your objectivity .
` ` based on what you witnessed in palm springs , miss sage , what is your opinion of mr . darnell 's state of mind when it comes to vampires ?
` ` thank you , miss sage , '' said gray bun , finishing up her notes .
` ` nice blouse , sage , '' he told me , deadpan .
` ` well , miss sage , i ' m sorry to shatter your illusions , but it seems you - like so many other young women - have been fooled by my son 's fast - talking ways .
at amberwood , i went by the name of sydney melrose , rather than my true one , sydney sage .
` ` i ' m sorry you had to endure that , miss sage .
and she was glad that she did , because she was about as proud of fainting as sage would have been of doing it .
he knew it because sage was stil alive .
on the afternoon of damon 's catastrophic bouquet investigation sage had left on the mantel a polite note thanking mrs .
if sage turned out to be unreachable ...
but to answer your question : no , i would not let sage make me into a vampire .
that was how sage operated .
bonnie was climbing sage as if she were a real kitten .
elena glanced at the doors and then again at stefan , but sage was already cal ing - both with voice and telepathy - ` ` damon , mon poussinet , do you not want to come in with your comrades ? ''
she smiled thanks at sage .
the whip , sage 's present to her , was coiled into a circle attached to her waist , shining as silver as her hair .
but how much time would it take to get it back to where sage was ?
she looked at sage .
elena turned around and saw sage .
she turned and looked - - and saw the enormous room fil ed with sage 's out - spread wings .
they were clearly part of sage .
we al watched over you : bonnie , sage , and i .
damon explained about the ambush , while the others covertly studied sage with varying degrees of approval , gratitude , or sheer lust .
` ` a tipsy vampire , '' suggested a voice above them and elena looked up , surprised to see sage .
maybe ... maybe she should do what sage wanted .
the rest stayed put , behind sage .
she happened to glance at sage at the same moment , and she saw an expression on his face that - well , it was probably the same expression she 'd been wearing a minute ago .
i need a trail going the other way , '' damon said , looking up at sage with something like raw desperation .
no way to go up or dig down ... sage hesitated , looking around the crimson - colored wheel of roads .
at that moment a flash of blue and gold decided sage .
sage estimated that there could not be even one molecule of the kitsune 's scent left in saber 's nostrils now ... ... but the memory of the scent ... that was still there .
but sage was looking at that same wall in despair .
shouted sage , but elena knew that there would be no distraction now .
cried sage and bonnie , but elena cried more loudly , ` ` no - wait ! ''
` ` we also walk dogs - at least sage does , '' damon said slyly .
- sage .
the moment she had said ` ` trust me '' damon had dumped his pillowcase on top of sage 's , and by the time she was finished , he had leaped into the hole , which was still so bright with leylight as to hurt any vampire 's eyes .
the dirt was grooved deeply with tires , and there was even some crime scene tape left behind in one of the sage brushes .
the air was heavy with sage and juniper and smelled so fresh that it was easy to forget that bustling orange county was just forty - five minutes away .
i breathed in sage and juniper and milkwood and dust and the bones of the long dead .
she wore a short cocktail sheath dress done in sage green , which showed off her lush , curvy body .
his starched , tailored sage shirt brightened his eyes , which were the slick green of a soda pop bottle .
a circle of thin sage - green stalks sprouted around him , each delicate two - foot - tall stem tipped with a narrow bud .
broken sage leaves scattered across the surface like aromatic confetti .
in the meantime , don would just have to accept that he could n't drop in on me until the last of marie 's power was out of my system , and we did n't need to burn sage twenty - four hours a day anymore .
the only light came from the orange halos around the sage as the flames curled the plants into blackened , smoking remains , but bones and i had no trouble seeing as we pieced together hunks of limestone , quartz , and moissanite into another trap .
save for the alterations to the family room , he had done little to the house other than change the paint in the living room from a hideous yellow to a more restful shade of pale sage green , and to repaint the master bedroom and bathroom , both of which had been a virulent shade of pink , but were now an inoffensive off - white .
the curtains , a pale sage green , matched the walls .
one arm of the path took her through the herb garden , where she passed clumps of silver - leafed sage , yellow hyssop , and miniature myrtle .
they do n't tower above the native landscape so much as merge perfectly with it , as though they simply grew here along with the sage and desert willow .
aster , briar , sage , thyme , other burning herbs .
i glanced around outside , but all i could see was the sage brush covering the flat land .
the knight blinked , giving sage a solemn look .
grabbing my wrist , sage yanked me behind the throne .
his face was grim as he strode up behind sage , still locked in battle with the assassins .
as sage cut viciously at one of the iron fey , he did n't see tertius looming behind him until the knight was right there .
just as i reached sage , a shudder went through the prince 's body .
rough hands grabbed me by the arms and hair , dragging me away from sage 's body , oblivious to my protests and cries of pain .
the summer court did n't kill sage , it was the iron king .
we leave the cave , trading the smell of sage and standing water for the outside smells : burning forest mixed with fresh ocean scent , and that peculiar prickle of the aether , which is n't a scent so much as a creeping , crawling sensation over your skin .
she smells of sage and smoky cottonwood .
he sees nothing else but a barren plateau , spotted with sage , which stretches to the horizon , not quite as barren as he feels inside .
as girls , she and thea had spent weekends helping their father mulch and prune , tending his tomato plants , his sage and mint and rosemary , his prized eskimo sunset maple with its pinky - green leaves that flipped over to a speckled jelly - bean lavender .
` ` bring your grievance to rustin sage , '' the rogue knight replied .
` ` my father 's anger wo n't be directed at rustin sage , '' lucinda said .
` ` tell him he should hurry , because after rustin sage has been entombed , i 'll come to carthage , kill henrick , and expel your father from his office . ''
why wo n't rustin sage man up and face him ? ''
rustin sage and alderman campos were furious .
if the rogue knight wins , rustin sage and his knights will descend with his guardsmen and a battalion of legionnaires . ''
rustin sage seeks to escape justice , and in the process , he threatens to undo our system of government . ''
` ` we were approached last night by men speaking for rustin sage .
the lightweight plastic frame was sage green , and the lenses were amber .
she wore a knee - length circle skirt called a pollera , this one a soft sage green .
the log road that started out wide enough to drive a truck down turned into a narrow path , overtaken by oak tree saplings and sage grass .
sitting on one of the old and weathered seats i would stare out at the overgrown foxglove , verbena , lavender , and pineapple sage .
white feather plant is similar in smell to white sage .
among the sage and baywood brush she ate and rested while the ache in her teat increased .
she also remembered her ghastly swollen teat so they knew she had pups hidden somewhere in the sage among the steep run - off canyons of the santa ana 's western slopes .
light wind blew through the sage as he whispered .
the constant odor of the sage and bay brush and the shade of the oak trees pleasantly defined their new homes .
did he taste the sweetness of crushed grasses and sage ?
they crashed through a patch of willows , then up into the dry , sage - colored foothills .
looking sage danny asked , any constructive criticism ?
i looked through my binoculars for signs of a road , or any house , but i saw nothing except desert terrain , scant numbers of sage brush , juniper trees , yucca , cactus .
hello students , faculty and staff to another year here at mountain high , i m brandon and this to the left is the very beautiful sage windstill .
good morning fellow students , i m brandon and to my right the beautiful sage .
a branch of sage moved against the wind .
my thoughts slowed to a animalistic crawl as i just breathed the heat in and out , in and out , in and out , the sage and pine penetrating my head .
small trees and sage brush lined the path that led them closer to revelations .
canto fourth in sage days cold the air hangs still ; sagacity , that heartfelt chill is there amongst the fens ; it stalks with hart and hare alike ; it shakes with every lightning strike ; each fearful step from nature 's psych ; it measures by the foot .
in winter 's grasp the hills are fast , cold , grey , still as the printer 's cast ; in capitals strong , this stark grammarye spells sage and bitter one grim reverie : ` ` why does the sky the sun forgo ?
never was there so fleet a sprite , nor wraith - like wisp of fire - damp light , no shooting spark upon dark heavens nor flitting bat that turns and leavens ; ne'er did man reck one so swift as a polo - crazed sage atop the drift .
the house smelled like her sister and oregon : fresh dug soil , pine , cedar , sage , and hyacinth .
cedar , sage , and pine filled her lungs and sucked all the moisture out of her .
stunted and twisted fir trees stuck up over the brush , all in shades of sage and brown .
stumbling down the trail , haw shot smelled cedar , sage , and juniper mixed in with the pines .
crisp air with the aromas of cedar , pine , sage , and juniper sated her inhales .
she had traded in skyscrapers for snowcapped mountains , the stench of the forgotten for the heady scents of juniper , sage , pine , and cedar , and the turbulent east and hudson rivers for placid twin lakes that reflected the majesty of nature , nothing but nature .
the cold rain released the tangy smell of evergreens and the aromatic scent of wild sage and rosemary shrubs that grew with abandon between rocks and boulders along the road .
where a larger lover would have smoothed them with his mouth or fingertips , sage played with them as if he was making music along my skin -- soundless music that only he could hear , but i could feel it .
i could have asked sage what was so personal , but i did n't .
some small movement made me turn my head farther , and i saw sage perched upon a stray mound of pillows .
we pestered sage .
why did kitto becoming sidhe change everything for sage ?
sage rose into the air .
no , if i hurt sage that badly , i wanted it to be on purpose .
have sex with sage and i will be your ally . ''
i smiled at her around the curve of sage 's wings .
i asked , running my fingertips down sage 's arm .
i touched sage 's hair , and the hair was soft as spider silk , or downy feathers , softer than any hair i 'd ever touched .
` ` kiss her , sage , kiss her like you mean it , then this can all be done . ''
i did n't see sage , and wondered if he was outside on the growing force of potted flowers by the door .
it had n't worked , but sage did spend a lot of time lounging in the plants .
kitto 's crimson - washed face with a blood - soaked sage on his shoulder was the last thing i saw before darkness swallowed the world .
sage has kept a single jasmine blossom alive and fragrant for two weeks with no water .
so sage got to stay out of sight .
i was n't ashamed of what i 'd done with sage , but i was n't sure how much of it my aunt wanted me to explain to the media .
her feet were not as baby soft as sage 's had been , but her weight was like his , heaver than it should have been , as if there was more to her than a doll - size body and butterfly wings .
` ` i did not break our bargain , queen niceven ; you took sage away .
you sent sage as your proxy because the western lands are far from faerie , but now i am here . ''
` ` he fell to the power of sage 's glamour , '' frost said .
` ` so we did nothing that would risk sage getting me pregnant . ''
like the herb , clary sage .
the air held a tang of bitter sage and dry air , and as jazz stepped out , dazzled , she had to shade her eyes from the glare .
i had never seen hybrid live except on tv , and i knew that sage played with the cool confidence of a cat .
` ` you 're overwhelmed , '' jacob assured me , his eyes flitting between sage and i .
whatever had sage all shook up earlier was n't affecting him anymore , and when i thought about it , that was probably in my head too .
that was n't about lust , or thinking about sage unbuttoning the rest of his shirt and undoing those heavy pants , that was ... where was i ?
i could see two strands of light gray at his temple , the absolute way his eye color matched the leaves of a sage plant itself .
` ` are you in cahoots with sage now ?
the weird interaction with sage 's stalker and my disturbing dream were swept away as i looked around at the surrounding flat fields of golden soybean punctuated by aging grain silos .
you heard sage in there .
i took my eyes off the stage where sage and mickey were serenading each other with their strings and looked down .
the door to the bar swung open and sage ran out .
plus , whatever sage brought upon all of them was pretty much everything .
` ` i ' m dawn , '' i said , trying to push both my thoughts about sage and my anti - groupie feelings away .
people stared at sage as we walked past , not believing their eyes .
but i managed to stay on and when sage was steady , i felt like james cagney- '' made it !
chapter fourteen after tom waits played to a quiet close , i reluctantly climbed off of sage 's shoulders and onto the soft , dewy grass below .
they almost got sage too , one cop asking if they should question the ` ` half - breed hippie '' until the medic told them he and i had just showed up .
i shrugged and looked at sage .
i was suddenly aware that everyone except sage was looking at me expectantly .
i stayed with sage on the bus , both of us surrounded by a weird hush of unsaid words and mixed feelings .
i snapped my head around to look at sage .
because none of this is normal , sage .
based on what sage had just told me , i decided she did .
i do n't know about sage , but i was having a hell of a time trying to keep down the greasy eggs and bacon we had for breakfast .
i moved to the back and plunked myself down beside sage .
it was the perfect place to grab sage 's arm as we got off the bus and lead him toward the shade of a towering oak .
when the band was finished and slogged off the stage with heavy hearts and shoulders , i walked to the backstage area to go wait for sage .
he went back in the room and sage was walking fast toward the exit .
we went up the stony path to the front door and , after taking a steadying breath , sage knocked on it .
i eyed sage expectantly .
instinctively i grabbed sage 's hand .
i let go of sage .
did you sleep with sage yet ? ''
and when you lied and said you were n't in love with sage just now .
if i did n't think it would break your heart to leave sage without saying goodbye , i 'd suggest we leave right now and forget about them .
i had left mel with sage , knowing she 'd be safe , but when i walked into the dressing room where everyone was hanging out and drinking like they had n't a care in the world , the guess who 's ` ` no time '' aptly playing from the speakers , he was nowhere to be seen .
how does that make you feel , sage , knowing you ' ve destroyed so much in order to have so little ? ''
you know sage here needs to get laid more .
i gripped sage 's hand , all too certain that demons were outside , circling the bus , figuring out a way to get in .
i was thrown out of sage 's grasp and chucked across the bus , my head slamming into the cupboards above the couch .
oh god , let sage be okay , i prayed .
i needed to find sage .
` ` to tell you the truth , sage has been a fun contract to fulfill and an even funner one to collect on . ''
i looked over at sage on the shore .
i yelled , even though part of me wanted sage to continue .
i looked over at sage , not trusting a word she was saying .
beside me , lit by the sun that was streaming in through the single window , was sage .
but thanks to the money that jacob had left sage , he was able to get his dad out of the red for the time being .
chapter one sage april , 1975 the pink lips at the end of my dick were some of the nicest i 'd ever seen .
even as he dropped his pants and i could make out the outline of his erect dick in the darkness and my hands immediately went for it , sage was still at the forefront of my mind .
` ` i just do n't think you should put off other guys just because of a chance with sage .
was it that obvious about sage ?
i did n't stand a chance if any of these chic french chicks decided to go for sage .
they were such a vivid bright green , almost as nice as sage 's grey - green ones .
sage had only released one album , sage wisdom ( yeah , a terribly redundant name ) , so i went through each song in my head , playing each one like my brain was a jukebox on demand , and jotted down my thoughts and impressions , which could shape the basis for the whole article .
as much as sage tried to push the envelope , they still remained a slightly edgier , fuzzier version led zeppelin .
i spent the first half of the drive trying to figure out if max and jacob and everyone else knew something about sage that i did n't , and the second half being utterly swept away by the passing landscape .
i watched jacob and max disappear , then watched the cab pull away , and finally there was nothing left to watch except sage .
at first she reminded me of sonja or any of the gtfos i had been subjected to on the hybrid tour ( demon groupies , every journalist 's dream ) , but as she turned her smiling face away from sage to look at me , i could see she was just a normal woman with light blue eyes .
for two , he had called sage my man .
the hallway was dimly lit and very long and winding , with a low wood ceiling that would graze anyone taller than sage or max .
eventually i found my room and wondered which one was sage 's .
so what if things were weird between sage and i ?
but sage did do something .
this is the first show of sage 's tour , and it 's going to go off without a blooming hitch , you understand that ? ''
with sharp bitterness , i imagined that angeline was also there doing her job , and i tried to switch off my brain before i thought about sage doing her .
sage really was a big deal here - people everywhere were wearing his sage wisdom shirts or hybrid shirts .
he raised his brow at sage .
i asked him , unable to take my eyes away from sage , my mouth automatically mouthing the lyrics , my head bobbing hard to the beat .
there was a pause after i asked that , and i tore my eyes off of sage and looked at him .
i knew that max knew about sage and i , but it still made me nervous with all the groupie implications .
while the rest of the band went off to the side , followed by the rest of the journalists plus jacob , who was scurrying to get ahead of sage , i was n't sure what to do with myself .
i knew sage hated this part of being a musician , having to deal with people like me , the press , but i still felt a surge of pride for him , that he was getting this now all on his own .
her lips were done up in the darkest red , and she was wearing a black leather miniskirt that matched sage 's vest perfectly , some sheer white top with a black bra underneath , and platform shoes that put her closer to his height .
maybe it was because i 'd just slept with sage , but just the sight of her , just the fact that she was closer to him at this moment than i was , was making my blood boil .
but jacob gave me a quick glance and kept sage in place , gesturing to the reporters who were trying even harder now to get him to answer their questions .
` ` well , how long is sage going to be ? ''
he led me out of my room and down the hall , and i could n't help but look behind me at sage 's door .
i was grateful for max being so nice , but it should have been sage 's room i was going to , sage 's arms giving me comfort .
whatever you can do to get rid of your ... sage fright . ''
just as the world was growing black , sage kicked the door in , breaking it off its hinges .
it gave me just a little appreciation for what sage must have been going through all throughout hybrid and afterward .
how about a song called sage ? ''
i swallowed hard , suddenly cursing myself for straying so far from sage and jacob .
chapter thirteen sage arriving in rome was like a goddamn breath of fresh air .
i just wanted sage between my legs , and i did n't care about anything else .
the others had to see how pointless this all was , me following around sage on tour , pretending to write for a magazine , when all i cared about was trying to stay alive .
we went to the next tour stop , the next destination , the next place where i was sure sage would be a huge hit .
i knew sage was thinking that .
i woke up in one piece , with sage at my side and max on the other bed .
i watched sage as i was being lead away , mouthing the words ` ` i love you '' to him .
and if it had n't been me there first , it would have been sage giving himself for you .
that band , my sage ... they were my crown jewel .
we were n't sure where to take jacob - sage was the closest thing he had to a family .
despite the title , the album still went platinum and sage became a worldwide hit .
it 's all leggy sage and yellowy parsley !
many great trees grew there , planted long ago , falling into untended age amid a riot of careless descendants ; and groves and thickets there were of tamarisk and pungent terebinth , of olive and of bay ; and there were junipers and myrtles ; and thymes that grew in bushes , or with their woody creeping stems mantled in deep tapestries the hidden stones ; sages of many kinds putting forth blue flowers , or red , or pale green ; and marjorams and new - sprouting parsleys , and many herbs of forms and scents beyond the garden - lore of sam .
thirty minutes later we 'd all gathered in the kitchen , including sage .
sage turned in midair and rose high enough to look at both of us .
it hurts only a little , and sage is very good at glamour .
i want sleep , not to wade through the emotional fallout from frost sharing blood with sage . ''
frost and sage were almost in the room , and now i could hear what they were arguing about .
questions , and no time for answers , because frost came through the door with sage fluttering at his shoulder .
` ` frost , will you allow sage to lick you , that and nothing more ? ''
` ` you 'll have what we bargained for , sage , all of it , but let frost go back to his bed .
it was n't the thought of sage that tightened things low in my body , but the thought of someone pouring himself down my throat .
rhys sat up , sending sage fluttering into the air .
i wanted to call it off then , because i knew sage too well .
he gazed up my body at me and at sage .
the wager was lost before sage ever touched him .
with every suck sage pulled on things that should n't have been touchable from a small wound in a finger .
it was as if sage had pulled rhys 's heart into his hand , and sage was swallowing around the thick , meaty , pulse of rhys 's heartbeat .
i felt sage suck on rhys , and with every suck rhys pressed himself into my hip , buried the hard shaft of himself along my skin as if he were seeking another way inside me .
rhys 's hand under my shoulders convulsed , his fingers digging into my skin , and i felt him fight to close his other fist on sage 's fragile body .
he grabbed nicca 's fingers and pulled his hand across mine , so that nicca 's hand was cradled between sage 's body and my fingers .
somewhere in all of it , i did n't want to tear sage 's wings , as he 'd grown large under my hands .
i was pinned under sage and nicca , though sage was closer to center , and nicca had spilled slightly off my body .
i was pinned under sage and nicca , though sage was closer to center , and nicca had spilled slightly off my body .
i drew sage out of my mouth enough to say , ` ` yes , nicca , yes . ''
nicca thrust between my legs and it was as if he grew impossibly long , impossibly warm , thrusting up through my body , as if he would touch where sage was pulsing inside my mouth , as if the two suns would meet inside my body and i would be burned away , drowned in their twin powers , and that was the drop of pleasure that filled the pool , that spilled me over , that brought me writhing under their weight , that set me sucking at the sunlight in my mouth , made me grind my hips into the heat between my legs .
i frowned and put my hands over my eyes to block the seemingly gorgeous view of sage at the mirror .
rhys cleared his throat , and the noise seemed to startle sage .
galen gaped at sage .
he was still nude , as was sage .
i remembered the gold and green shadows that my eyes had cast when i was making love with sage and nicca , and realized this must have been what my eyes looked like : the colored flames bled into one another so it was more like a true fire , first one color , then the next , ever moving .
` ` because i blamed you for sage seducing me last night . ''
` ` she 'd never have touched sage if she was still part of the golden court . ''
barinthus touched sage 's face , put the newly colored eyes toward the light .
he let go of sage and turned to stare at me .
nicca and sage got a windstorm , '' galen said .
i walked a little in front of rhys and frost ; then came nicca and sage , and beyond that everyone just picked a partner and followed me two by two , with galen and barinthus coming at our backs just ahead of the goblins .
i saw a sage house , a forest green house , and a color that could have been green or blue .
the bushes , and the long grasses , between the boulders , the patches of rabbit - cropped turf , the thyme and the sage and the marjoram , and the yellow rockroses all vanished , and they found themselves at the top of a wide steep slope of fallen stones , the remains of a landslide .
as far as they could turned out to be eight miles at most ... and probably , roland thought as the two of them sank down in a patch of sweet - smelling sage beneath an overhang of rock , a good deal less .
roland came back to the brightness of dawn and the soft purple smell of desert sage .
then a thousand small dark creatures came scurrying out of the sage , gathering on the broken earth .
what they eventually made on the whiteness of the sand there between the blowing fluffs of lilac - coloured sage was one of great letters : the letter c. except it was n't really a letter , the gunslinger saw ; it was a curl .
they fanned wider and wider , some disappearing into the sage , some trundling up the sides of rock overhang , pouring into the cracks where they would , mayhap , wait out the heat of the day .
a dozen likely places he checked before spying a boot heel sticking out from under sage brush , uncovering there two torn skeletons broken by animals , their fall or , most likely , by both .
gus and i looked at the same thing you did and saw nothin ' but boulders and sage brush .
he knew the red fox squirrel sixty feet up had been ripping through pine cones for seeds almost an hour so would move soon while hearing a sage grouse behind to his right scuffle in the underbrush for a meal .
in addition to the lack of decoration , the walls changed from trendy browns and sages to pastel green .
she 'd brought herbs ; rosemary , the broad leaves of sage rough as cats ' tongues .
others , like yves tanguy and kay sage , i did n't .
a radiator clanked in one corner , and the rug on the floor was a hideous embroidery of western sage and cactus - danny bad already fallen in love with it , wendy saw .
jay r. nash 's bloodletters and badmen and richard f. k. mudgett 's westward expansion bracketed a riot of paperback westerns by ray hogan , archie joceylen , max brand , ernest haycox , and , of course , zane grey c anderson 's copy of riders of the purple sage had been read nearly to tatters .
it had been waiting for him at a small private airfield near cottonwoods ... the town of which zane grey wrote in riders of the purple sage , the book which had been roberta anderson 's favorite as a girl , the one which had perhaps set her course forever as a writer of westerns .
chapter 50 the smell of wild sage and sea salt hangs sharp in the morning air .
bit of extra work for sage 's engineers , too ! ''
sage was complaining that some person had had the audacity to park in his place and enclosed a copy of a stroppy missive entitled ' to whom it may concern ' , presumably for him to pass on to dik .
howell was now busily constructing another one to replace one of sage 's horrors on the no.4 moulding line which would , in due course improve the weekly works figures to his credit and at the same time please anderson by giving him more pins to stick into sage .
maybe sage had been right to be suspicious of his electronic gadgetry . ''
he held out a memo addressed to himself from sage .
i ' ve been put to work on sage 's small machine in the pilot plant .
bobski dumped several buckets of hand mixed foam all at once into this big box and sage wound the handle on the end to keep the surface level .
it was on the north side of our farm next to open range land that was covered with dry grasses and sage brush .
the meeting the newly risen sun settles on fields of pale sage like a kiss .
the rosemary , sage and lemon balm needed to be dug up from the herb garden , potted and brought inside if they were to survive the winter .
light sage .
i ve gathered six albums to select from poco , santayana , new riders of the purple sage , neil young , the flying burrito brothers , a group called black oak arkansas when i spot a tiny , ancient asian woman rocking out to the music .
heres what arrested bobs attention : sage was before rosemary .
the marble slab atop the kitchen table was arrayed in bottles , glasses , meat and tomatoes , reds , and the almost black of the blood sau - sages .
you men wait here , sage said , and ill get us some prairie chickens for dinner .
ill just pick up one for each of us , sage replied .
they gathered fresh persimmons on the way , and sage killed a rabbit for lunch .
ill be glad to , sage replied .
they pulled the saddles farther into the thick brush where sage could wait , and pat disappeared .
when pat looked back , sage had already melted into the prairiehe was invisible .
the mountain men realized that sage was in real danger .
none of them wanted to chase sage and encounter that terrible barrage of fire that was being laid down from the rim of the canyon .
the riders who had been shot abandoned the horses just as sage had hoped .
sally got a pair of scissors , a comb , and a mirror from their wagon , then pulled a cloth around sages shoulders and began removing a six - year growth of hair .
the attention was too much for sage .
she looked neither left nor right , but sage was sure that she was seeing everything .
looking at sage , she said , i d consider it an honor if you d let me buy you a drink .
thank you ; ill accept , sage smiled .
lets all have breakfast at maggies tomorrow morning , sage said .
a middle - aged woman , without being called , entered the room carrying a glass of a very refreshing drink , of a type sage never had tasted before .
he looked at sage with a big smile and nodded .
sage liked him , and manuel seemed to like sage .
thank you , pat , sage said .
thanks for warning me , sage replied .
seora , sage asked , do you have charts showing the boundaries ?
thank you , sage replied .
when we first saw sage , he looked like a wild animal .
juanita , sage asked , are you comfortable staying here ?
nothing for now , sage said .
the stars moved to the center of the sky , telling sage that the night was half gone .
joe , lets drop back , sage whispered .
the shots were what sage was waiting for .
unknown to her , sage was moving in on the second killer .
ill pick you up at your room in two hours , sage said .
by the way , we have a date for dinner , sage said .
i have their gun belts in my saddlebags ; they contain extra cartridges , sage said .
juanita was not quite ready when sage called at her door .
pat , joe , and sage rode at a full gallop , trying to make up time .
they tied their horses back a ways and continued on foot , taking advantage of the cover that sage and joe had noted when they scouted the mine earlier .
the torches gave enough light to show the way , but some areas of the tunnel were obscured by shadows where sage could hide as he moved forward .
the guard just ahead of sage asked .
as he passed sage in the tunnel , sage pulled him into the shadows , and now there were no guards at all .
juanita knew she must do nothing that would attract the attention of her captors to the fact that sage was hidden in the tunnel .
pedro glared at sage .
juanita and sage heard a groan coming from the uncle .
i hope sage does nt take too long in there .
for the first time in almost a year , sage was alone .
do nt worry , ill be back , sage said .
thank you for volunteering , sage said .
ill buy the drinks and anything else you want , sage said .
well , do nt tell anyone , sage smiled .
thanks , sage said .
that sounds like an interesting trip , sage mused .
* * * sage arrived at the hacienda just after sunrise .
buenos dias , carlos , sage replied .
the project would be completed in less time than sage had estimated .
after dinner , sage and juanita strolled through the grounds .
she was the most beautiful woman sage had ever seen .
for sage to go from having no human companionship at all , to having someone serving his every need was almost too much .
he and juanita went to the hotel for breakfast and , when they returned , sage tried on the beautifully tailored suit .
when sage and juanita returned to the ranch , the two young men carlos sent were waiting .
* * * the next morning , sage , juanita , and many of their people rode to the mcbain ranch for the wedding .
sage sat quietly on a bench under the big tree near the veranda .
they could see the leader , but he was too far away to shoot at , so they just waited knowing that sage would show up soon .
sage was enjoying the fruit and berries he remembered .
there would have been more if sage had not alerted them .
she did nt love black crow the way she loved sage , but he was a good husband .
* * * sage was surprised as the hacienda came into view .
he walked around the house , staying out of gun range , looking for some indication of where sage and juanita were being held .
someone stuck his hand through the door to fire at sage .
she was the first to see them coming , and she ran to make sure sage was all right .
no , sage lied .
thanks , joe , sage said gratefully , shaking his hand .
juanita took sage for a tour of the hacienda .
a chubby girl , sage ostrowski , waitressed at ryans diner , and abi , the armenian , emigrated from azerbaijan in central asia .
reaching into her purse sage located a pen , scribbled some numbers on a clean napkin and handed it to him .
austin had never met anyone quite like sage , and , in part , that was her appeal .
before sage could crack the door , austin slipped an arm around her waist and pulled her close .
prickly ash bark , sarsaparilla , oat seed , shizandra berry , ashwaganda and maca root ... . before leaving the community college parking lot , sage fished about in the glove compartment of her toyota .
what if he stopped by the diner this weekend and brought sage a small gift - nothing ostentatious - by way of appreciation .
etta james , fred neal , jim kweskin and the riders of the purple sage .
zane quite obviously is zane gray , author of riders of the purple sage .
her vision is poor , but she sees the green of trees , and some bright reds that might be fuchsia or hummingbird sage .
then he would roll leisurely out to the desert , watching the lengthening rays of the sun slant across the sage toward the craters , and pull off onto one of the four - wheel - drive roads that snaked across the gray volcanic ash , looking for the little turnout that marked his usual campsite , hidden in the sage , with its view downslope to the lake and across to the sawtooth sierra on the west and to the softer shapes of the craters to the south .
then he would roll leisurely out to the desert , watching the lengthening rays of the sun slant across the sage toward the craters , and pull off onto one of the four - wheel - drive roads that snaked across the gray volcanic ash , looking for the little turnout that marked his usual campsite , hidden in the sage , with its view downslope to the lake and across to the sawtooth sierra on the west and to the softer shapes of the craters to the south .
he found a broad enough clearing between the sage clusters to pitch his sage - colored tent .
but there was nothing ; or rather , if there was some indication of the determined bugs activities it had been destroyed by his own marks , the deep prints of his sandals , the crushed stems of desiccated wildflowers , the short trails leading out into the sage , with faint moist discolorations at their termini .
not a trace of lavender or sage .
` ` nothing but sage brush and tombstones as far as i can see .
lunker grinned , wheeled around , and headed into the sage and brush on the west side of the road into the tall timber and rough country ; his arms wide and a loud yell issued from him .
buzz shouted and threw the empty into the sage and short grass growing at the verge of the road .
randomly scattered tufts of desert sage punctuated the landscape , providing definition to the brilliant swath of white .
the half - acre property had mainly been left wild , native sage dominating .
she steered the mower to the backyard , making a perimeter where the lawns edge touched the wild grasses and sage beyond .
email : sallymelvin6053 @ gmail.com website : sylviamelvin.com blog : sylviasscribbles.blogspot.com 2012 sylvia melvin isbn 9781477627204 smashwords edition also by sylvia melvin mystery : death behind the dunes romance : summer guest biography : helena : unwavering courage southern sage : the honorable woodrow melvin acknowledgements the thought of writing a sequel to death behind the dunes was the farthest thing from my mind when i finished my first mystery .
as we walked slowly back to the hotel , i drank in the lovely fragrance of sage and the purple wildflowers growing along the path .
concentrating on my footing on the trail , and paying attention to the rabbitbrush , sage , and cactus along the way , cleared my mind .
i was envious of the abundant landscaping and the plantingsfringed sage , mexican hat , penstemon , asters , russian sage , apache plumeinterspersed with low winding adobe walls and outdoor rooms with pools and fountains , and special hidden lighting .
i was envious of the abundant landscaping and the plantingsfringed sage , mexican hat , penstemon , asters , russian sage , apache plumeinterspersed with low winding adobe walls and outdoor rooms with pools and fountains , and special hidden lighting .
only the daybed across from the sage green settee signaled anything unusual .
the walls were done with sage green paint , and the room featured a pine hutch .
chapter 1 teagan sage leaned her dark head against the open bathroom door .
teagan glanced at her through the reflection in the mirror and watched as sage scratched at her left forearm .
teagan glanced up at her then , since refusing would just make sage persist .
someone waved from a table in the center of the room and sage waved back as she and teagan wove their way through the crowd .
chapter 8 sage i just ca nt believe it , teagan said again for the millionth time .
makeup , sage said .
she let sage and nora carry the conversation as they walked under violet skies .
they were keeping their pact to not walk alone after dark and sage wanted to get back to study .
for once she was glad sage was away .
the walls were papered with a pattern of large cabbage roses of several shades of mauve on a pale sage green background .
there were several small wicker tables placed at the ends of the couch and by the armchair - all dark sage green softened with a white wash . a large oval area carpet claimed ownership of the center of the floor .
pillows in colors of wedgwood , sage , lilac and purple to coordinate with the color scheme of the rest of the house were tossed on the head of the bed .
scents of sage and fir filled the air , sweet and refreshing .
her sage pencil skirt and tapered jacket were tailored to exist without being noticed as anything but part of a god - created whole .
clean white sheets and sage scrubs .
people scurried in sage green and pink , shouting orders .
i grabbed the sage green , tugged the panties on under the towel and then whipped off the towel and frantically put on the bra because i heard the shower go off .
the bathroom door is tall and heavy - cherry wood with a crystal doorknob - and the half bath i step into is done in warm sage and cream , with a simple pedestal sink , an ordinary - looking toilet , a plush brown rug , and a rough woven basket that holds magazines .
it warmed her back as she skirted a sage covered ravine .
she thought about how much fun she had playing outside with sage 's and morocco 's children .
bris dress was sage green , and , although classy , it was too short and extremely tight .
it was a southern slope at a lower elevation , home to tough native grasses and sage that could take the dry .
billy came down on a snow covered sage brush that cushioned his fall .
the three men topped the rise and found themselves looking out at the sage covered hills that sloped up to the timbered ridges so common in this country .
shed read about sage grouse and was eager to see that beautiful bird somewhere around the sagebrush .
she really wanted to see a beautiful sage grouse , more than anything , which tess knew .
peering down , the area was alive with sage grouse strutting around .
they lay down on the hill to watch the sage grouse activity .
matt was nt watching the sage grouse anymore .
when they reached the drive , sage , jackson , and alligator , drove up in the lazy m van with the older children .
when she reached the blanket and bent to lift him , sage asked , ` ` do you need us to do anything ? ''
she envied her parents ' spacious french country kitchen with all the cookery amenities such as a sub zero fridge tucked behind the sage green wood cabinetry , the viking six - burner range , and new stainless steel double ovens along the north wall .
there on the sage green couch were two green pillows : one that matched and another in a contrasting cobalt blue .
that s sage , my sister , he says .
i know its a worse car , but i made seven hundred bucks by selling my other one , a girl i recognize as sage from the picture says to the man i know to be their dad .
this is my sister , sage .
gross , sage says with a shake of her head as she stands and starts for the kitchen as well .
i do nt know what was said , but for drake to react like he did he started breaking stuff , sage says , her voice deadpan even .
i pull my phone out of my pocket as sage walks back to her family .
i can see sage pacing outside , talking on her cell phone .
with the help of the boys , we move everything to the table and sage darts inside .
and then , back a ways ; i see robin , robert , sage , and kale .
morning , sage .
there s nothing to figure out , sage .
oh , sage he says , and his voice cracks .
were flying by the seat of our pants on this one , sage .
please browse all you want , sage said hurriedly .
happy valentines day , he said to ruth , and brought the candy box out of the carry bag sage had put it in .
last year , there d been a couple of accusations that he was having an affair with sage , but since she was now happily engaged to crawford countys new sheriff dawson odell , becoming a mother to his little daughter savannah , and living in a very pretty house on bramble lane , ruth had at least dropped that particular line of complaint .
i know its not much oh , from sage carrigans store ?
tully carefully took the chocolates out of the prettily patterned copper - colored gift bag sage had placed them in .
shed bought three of each kind shed chosen , and sage had wrapped each kind separately in a clear cellophane bag , attaching a tiny sticker to each bag so that tully would know which was which .
as always , sage was generous in her sizing .
there was a discordant note to her words that made tully question her honesty , and the suggestion that ren had cheated on herwhether with sage carrigan or someone elsehung in the air like a lingering odor that you could nt quite place .
she recognized it as the same jacket he d been wearing when shed seen him on valentines day , in sage carrigans store .
he should have ducked up there at lunch - time , but when he was grabbing a sandwich lunch from the diner , he d run into evie and jerome , his little niece and nephew , under the eagle eye of their british nanny , emma , and he d impulsively invited the three of them for hot chocolate at sage carrigans store .
we sit and watch old movies and work our way slowly through the entire range of sage carrigans chocolate varieties and its good .
i swept my gaze around the sage green walls and dark - themed furniture .
what the hell had i been thinking when i agreed to let sage set me up with someone ?
somehow , that measure of pride had left me hanging high and dry when sage mentioned setting up a date with one of her guy friends .
this could not be whom sage had set me up with .
hmm , maybe that had been why sage chose to set me up with him .
it was a brilliant dawn smothered in a cool fall mist , overwhelmed by amalgamated odors of decay , purple asters , anise hyssop , russian sage , and sharp fumes of fall mums .
we were at the bridal shop for our first fitting ( yes , already ) , and i said that sage green is the color of dirty aquarium water .
it 's teal ( that was 1987 's sage green ) with puffy sleeves and peach rosettes at the waist .
done in colors of sage and ivory with bursts of crimson and gold , gretchen 's tranquil den invited quiet relaxation .
what i mean is my sister sage is gay , and she lives in seattle .
my sister sage ?
mom smelled the sage from her herb garden right after sage was born .
her chest rose and fell in a gentle rhythm , her long dark hair spread out across the sage green duvet .
julia chose sage green for the walls and a soft white for the woodwork and crown molding .
painted a soft sage green with bright white trim , the place was cute on the outside and fully modernized on the inside .
outside , the autumn sky was a pale sage green with wispy clouds .
if someone had asked who could stage the best intervention with a crazy woman who 'd formerly been an undead monster , sydney sage would have been my last guess .
the point remains : miss sage answered your questions .
` ` this is a serious matter , and miss sage is the only link we have to a murder -- a royal murder .
chapter two julietta adjusted the knot in her sage green scarf , smoothed down her skirt , and opened the gilded double doors .
her sage suit matched her eyes and flattered her lean length .
the evergreens shimmer a luminescent sage as if vying for my attention .
it was n't the wild - flower - splashed hills , the sky blue lupines , or the fragrant purple sage .
a sage - covered slope rising toward a stand of oak and sycamore trees , with some good brush piles underneath for cover .
tom followed the trail up to a slope covered with purple sage .
a swollen river by a sage - covered slope leading to three large sycamore trees .
` ` i had a fight with sage over the phone last night , '' he added , speaking of his older sister .
she had a brief impression of the bedroom behind him as huge , painted in the palest sage and flooded with sunlight from windows on both the front and back sides of the house .
he set her on her feet and flipped back the covers , revealing sheets in the same sage as the walls .
there 's a long road of highway stretched out in front of us , weaving over the hills spotted with trees , sage brush , and the pale pink glow of the sunset .
with every step , water sloshed over the rims , spattering the thirsty earth and spotting her sage green skirt .
the beam swayed back and forth over the sage and mustard weed .
he goes on and on about this rock cut and that creek -- '' ` ` -- this ridge and that ravine ... '' ` ` where white alder grows and where purple sage is thickest . ''
` ` and where black sage is compact or junipers are the tallest . ''
more candles everywhere reflected off the shades of cream , sage , and cinnamon on the bedspread and walls .
` ` burning sage ?
for sage 's benefit , though , she added , ` ` but please tell his lordship i will meet him for our tour as planned . ''