after deciding that the grilled chicken salad was about the most appealing item in the food line , she grabbed a drink and some of the freshly baked chocolate chip cookies .
` ` i highly doubt she 's keeping the gossip mill going on how dr . nadeen bought the lovely new clinical student a salad . ''
she 'd just finished drizzling dressing over her salad when pesh said , ` ` ready to prove yourself ? ''
somehow she managed to devour the rest of her salad while pesh told dr . morris the ins and outs of the case .
when the waiter appeared with their salads , it appeared that he might dodge the question entirely .
after chewing thoughtfully on her bite of salad , megan said , ` ` but you 're built like a football player . ''
` ` ... and now i ' m worried she 's going to keep acting really weird around me , '' i confide to allison over a caesar salad at clyde 's on m street .
she knew he ordered her a salad and himself a beef dish and she tried not to cringe .
she hated salad but thought it was what he expected her to prefer .
she glanced off to the side nervously then busily prepared the roasted chicken on a plate for him along with potato salad and freshly sliced peaches .
but i did n't put celery in the salad .
you ca n't really buy good potato salad .
he asked softly , watching siri pick at her salad .
she was frantically chopping up ingredients for a salad when she noticed a hush fall over the kitchen staff .
she scraped the mutilated cucumber into the salad , ignoring the curious look hassan gave the pile of mushed up green gupe .
` ` well , unless you 're adding your fingers or parts of the cutting board to the salad intentionally , i ' m guessing you 're extremely angry with something .
it was a delicious , light meal of fresh salmon and a tossed salad with a delicious vinaigrette dressing on it .
` ` only if you are nice to me , '' she said and moved off to the refrigerator to retrieve the bowls of salad she 'd made earlier in the afternoon .
she actually had no idea how to cook , preferred buying anything she needed and popping a meal into the microwave if she did n't feel like cutting up the ingredients for a salad .
` ` come on , sugar , let 's try the soup n ' salad today ; i ' m not in the mood for diner food . ''
she helped autumn prepare a light lunch of sandwiches and salads , and hoped that everyone would stick around long enough to eat it .
with chicken , mashed potatoes , gravy , biscuits and a salad , she figured she 'd please the pickiest rancher , and all of those dishes were easy as pie to make , as long as she got to it right away .
back downstairs , she whipped up a pan of brownies , prepped the biscuit dough , made the salad , and peeled the potatoes .
she placed the salad on the table and brought out the salad dressings as well , and by the time holt and lisa arrived , she felt like she had the meal under control again .
he was relieved when sarah - jane , their waitress , delivered their salads .
she froze in the act of lifting a forkful of salad to her mouth .
` ` a cobb salad , i think .
` ` i 'll make a big old salad to go with them . ''
holt hated salad almost as much as he hated mexican food .
fila passed her a bowl of salad .
she pulled out the fixings for salad .
the first thing was a salad .
she arranged the cutlets on two plates , four that she was going to take to veronica 's house for dinner , then adding the last two to a plate for jake along with a huge mound of mashed potatoes and a salad .
she busied herself in the kitchen , cutting vegetables for a salad and setting the table .
he asked , grabbing a slice of tomato she had just sliced for their salad .
jake moved on to less touchy subjects and elissa finished cooking the spaghetti and preparing the salad .
` ` but i do n't think he likes the fruit in his salads , '' she mentioned , remembering how adam had pushed the mandarin oranges off to the side one night .
she could n't even guess at how much a dinner in this restaurant might cost so she selected a salad , assuming it would be the cheapest thing on the menu .
` ` i 'll have the chef 's salad , '' she said when the waiter looked in her direction .
` ` so i ' m not allowed to have a salad ? ''
she and her neighbors had agreed on a pot luck dinner and sabrina had volunteered to make a salad and dessert as well as act as hostess for the event .
as soon as he followed the crowd already in the kitchen , the smell of delicious food hit him full force as everyone pulled casseroles , salads and a roasted ham out of paper bags or newspapers that had been used to keep the dish insulated and warm .
chapter fifteen ~clare~ ` ` there 's something wrong with him , leah , '' i said to her on the phone , while continuing to slice vegetables for a salad .
a silence fell between us as she picked at her salad .
i 'd skipped the salad .
i just picked up stuff for spaghetti and salad . ''
she was putting the final touches on a salad , and clare was drinking a glass of wine while sitting at the counter .
just as i was putting the finishing touches on the chicken salad , the doorbell rang , signaling our first guest .
chicken salad , fresh rolls , seasonal fruit , and several other sides that had been brought by my family .
i was proud of myself for managing to go to the store to pick up prepared chicken salad and for showering all in one day .
mia asked as she picked around her taco salad .
they all headed for the kitchen where she 'd already placed a basket of fried chicken in the middle of the table , a bowl of salad , a tray with corn on the cob and a steaming bowl of mashed potatoes .
later that evening after a meal of salad , baked fish , bread and camembert cheese , pierce left kylie with the boys and walked down to a nearby stream with celine .
a half hour later the three of them sat down to pierce 's meal of macaroni and cheese from the box , fried chicken made by his own hands and a salad .
he could n't take credit for the salad since celine had been the one to rescue the lettuce , wash it and prepare it .
instead , and much to her delight , they were served a salad with barbecued chicken , string beans , cornbread and macaroni salad .
then , one by one she took out the plastic bowls and lifted the lids to reveal salad , cornbread , corn on the cob , potato salad and the piece - de - resistance , southern fried chicken .
then , one by one she took out the plastic bowls and lifted the lids to reveal salad , cornbread , corn on the cob , potato salad and the piece - de - resistance , southern fried chicken .
the lower level of the trolley had soup , salad , an assortment of dressings and , to asia 's delight , a cheesecake .
they 'd dined on crispy fried chicken with bread rolls and a salad then lounged on the blanket , drinking a light wine cooler .
rico had packed away the basket , saving the potato salad and half of the chicken for later .
they lunched on green salad with baby tomatoes followed by grilled cheese and tuna sandwiches , compliments of chef mckoy , and with each passing moment his spirit seemed to lift .
while jenna brought her up to speed on what needed to be done to ensure the smooth operation of the home , indie enjoyed a meal of boiled yams , curried chicken and carrot salad , also curried .
claire cocked an eyebrow at dana 's tray on which all she 'd placed was a salad and a small bowl of tomato soup .
` ` i ' m always busy , '' she said then dipped her head , feigning intense interest in her salad .
quickly , she finished her salad then tackled the small bowl of soup .
she hid out in her suite and ordered room service then sat there picking at her salad and grilled chicken while she watched old movies until almost one o'clock in the morning .
they 'd each brought food from home so there was an impressive array of dishes - barbecued chicken , beef stir fry , cornbread , coleslaw , potato salad and macaroni and cheese pie .
and he roped everybody into the dinner - making project with daddy davidoff making lemonade , mother davidoff whipping up a batch of duke 's favorite cupcakes - he begged her till she gave in to his pitiful whines - suave making the salad , max doing the potato salad and silken roasting corn in the husk .
and he roped everybody into the dinner - making project with daddy davidoff making lemonade , mother davidoff whipping up a batch of duke 's favorite cupcakes - he begged her till she gave in to his pitiful whines - suave making the salad , max doing the potato salad and silken roasting corn in the husk .
she 'd made a big bowl of salad and from the bag of flour and the eggshells he could see on the counter he could tell she 'd whipped up something for the oven .
she got up from the table and went to place an order for iced tea , iced coffee , a panini and a salad .
` ` we ' ve got fried chicken , bread rolls , coleslaw , salad and salad dressing .
` ` we got a pound cake and some fruit salad .
khalil , who seemed to be the most serious of the lot , took the plates from rafe and proceeded to use huge plastic spoons to ladle out potato salad , coleslaw and vegetable salad onto each one .
within minutes of a lively conversation about the current issues plaguing the dairy industry blake was back with a salad and the sandwich that smelled so good it made ryder 's stomach growl .
chapter 7 june 7th , 1990 jenny and i made a pasta salad for dinner .
i was n't sure if her ploy was going to work , but the salad looked amazing .
i pulled out plates and started spooning the salad onto them .
` ` i 'll get a cobb salad , '' i answered .
besides , you 're getting a salad .
` ` it 's a salad . ''
` ` i happen to like salads , '' i said , sticking my tongue out at him .
` ` still , a salad ? ''
there was meatloaf with mashed potatoes , salmon with some sort of rice , roasted chicken on a bed of noodles , a big bowl of amazing looking salad with three different kinds of dressing on the side , and a huge plate of decadent - looking brownies .
a large salad sat on the counter , and a bottle of red wine waited , breathing , next to two large glasses .
their waiter chose that moment to bring their salads and she waited for him to leave before she answered .
rosie had made a plate of ham , potato salad , beans , cornbread , and a nice salad .
rosie had made a plate of ham , potato salad , beans , cornbread , and a nice salad .
prime rib , turkey , two kinds of salad , steamed vegetables , potatoes , and all the works .
the garlic roasted chicken breast with russet potatoes , green beans with almonds , and a small garden salad filled her stomach .
conner thumbed through the paper while matthew cut up the salad .
let me get this salad tossed . ''
they were all quiet as she served them , filling glasses with white wine and placing plates of lobster - tail salad in front of each of them .
he talked while she finished the meal , tossing the salad and fixing the steaks in the broiler .
the waiter arrived and he ordered her a salad and himself a tuna steak .
` ` just a salad . ''
the waiter came back with their drinks and she ordered a salad , not sure if she 'd be able to eat anything , too nervous about what she was doing here and the intent look in damon 's golden - brown eyes .
the waiter arrived and clarissa studied the menu , deciding on a salad , knowing that her stomach could n't handle anything heavy when she was about to propose something so outlandish .
over on the side table , there was a lovely buffet of different salads , sandwiches , pastries and a beautiful little cake as well a wide range of drinks , all looking incredibly lovely .
` ` i 'll probably make myself a bowl of soup or just a salad , '' she said .
` ` you mentioned soup or a salad but , '' he started to say as he walked into her kitchen , ` ` it does n't sound too nourishing . ''
when they were once again alone , she picked up her fork and stabbed at some of the salad in the bowl in front of her .
jessica looked up from her salad , her eyes wide and innocent as she tried to understand his reply .
jessica quickly looked at her menu and ordered a salad , then waited while james put in his order .
she took a bite of her salad and her shoulders relaxed .
` ` i 'll just have a salad , '' she said , not even bothering to look at the menu to figure out which salad she wanted .
she was sure that there were probably several salads , all with creative designs and interesting ingredients .
they discussed the outcomes she 'd reached to date while they ate their salads and when their main meal came , elana was excitedly explaining various benefits , offshoots of her work .
she pulled out the salad she 'd already cut up and split it into two bowls , then carried it all over to the table .
` ` i 'll just have a salad or some fruit .
settling on a salad , figuring that would be the easiest for her to sift through since she did n't think she 'd be able to eat anything anyway because of her nervousness .
she mentioned the first salad her eyes were able to focus on , then closed her menu .
she leaned back so the waiter could place her salad in front of her .
when his phone rang , marissa startled slightly , but continued to nibble on her salad while he answered his phone .
` ` it 's none of your business , '' she said , her fork sifting through her salad as if she were trying to find something interesting to stab but in reality , she was simply trying to fight the tears of humiliation that threatened to fall over her lashes .
marissa looked down at her salad and shook her head .
marissa did n't want to slow him down , so she picked through her salad , eating as much of the protein as she could swallow under the circumstances .
` ` i ' m ready , '' she said when she 'd finished all of the salmon from her salad and most of the vegetables , leaving only the lettuce behind .
the waitress arrived at that moment to take their order and ana asked for a cup of soup and salad .
` ` you looked hungry , so i thought you might want something more than a salad , '' he said when he saw her expression .
` ` how about a garden salad , i can probably manage the warm bread and whatever my cook made for dessert ? ''
a salad was already prepared so they sat down to dinner in the dining room , which had been set for the night with a linen table cloth , candles and white roses mixed in with white baby 's breath .
their meals arrived conveniently at that moment and there was a great show of freshly grated cheeses and tossing of the salad .
` ` there are a few things i really like but it might just be a simple chef 's salad .
she laughed and look up and down his extremely large frame , knowing he would need much more than a simple salad .
seafood salad and rice pilaf allowed him to concentrate on the minister 's words .
she ordered a salad quickly , hoping to get rid of her so she could ask more questions .
their meals arrived at that point and zarah contemplated her salad while her head churned with questions .
zarah took a small bite of her salad , but in truth , she was too excited to eat anything .
there was a delicious salad with crisp greens and what she suspected was goat cheese and a salmon fillet with what looked like a lemon sauce .
` ` you ' ve already told me that you 're facing a dull salad up in your apartment because suzanne is out on a date tonight anyway .
when the waiter arrived to take their order , she requested a chef 's salad , despite the fact that she really craved a big , juicy burger .
` ` a cobb salad .
all that was accomplished was more spending on sports , '' he said , leaning back as the waiter placed their salads in front of them .
as soon as the blessing was said , the plates of vegetables , roast beef , potatoes and salad were passed around , everyone talking at once .
they moved to the closest restaurant and ordered salads and fruit plates .
instead of a salad , she ordered a cheeseburger , medium rare with lots of french fries .
their meals arrived and everyone dug into their salads except for antonia who took a huge , fortifying bite out of her burger .
deciding on a salad , she put down the menu and realized that he had been watching her .
they ate delicious steaks with large baked potatoes and a tossed salad at the kitchen table in front of a crackling fire and debated politics .
but right after the salads were brought to their table , two of sal 's college friends and their wives spotted them and came over to say hello .
he brought her to his house that night and grilled them steaks on the patio while she made a salad .
separation is the only answer at this age , '' he said and put an arm around her shoulder to guide her into the kitchen where five men were busy making sandwiches , a giant bowl of salad and bowls of chips for the family lunch .
` ` the only thing left is the salad and we 'll be ready . ''
the eggplant looked perfect and gus tossed the salad .
the vichyssoise was wonderful but the lobster and asparagus with a sweet and sour salad made her mouth water .
` ` he 's not my prince , '' misty mumbled , busying herself by stuffing her mouth with salad .
she had ordered salad and coffee .
the waiter returned not more than a minute later , our appetizers ready , sashimi for him and kani salad for me .
as he took a spoonful of his soup , i could n't help comparing it to my plate of salad , barbecued chicken in java sauce , large helping of mashed potato , coleslaw , and a healthy serving of cream of mushroom .
` ` but it 's your favorite : chicken salad and crackers with a slice of daisy 's famous german chocolate cake .
taking a bite of chicken salad , she held up a finger and swallowed .
her plate was already fixed , with a juicy steak , steaming baked potato and a fresh salad .
eating the last bite of salad , she pushed back her chair and stood .
whole globs of what looked like chicken salad splattered his stained t - shirt .
brenda frowned and picked at her salad .
the two of them sat on a wrought iron bench , sharing a sandwich and cold pasta salad .
` ` the salads look good , '' she said , trying to keep the conversation pleasant , yet neutral .
` ` did you try the chicken salad sofia made ?
lifting the cover he uncovered a bbq rotisserie chicken with a number of pasta salads and potato wedges .
we were going all out with leg of lamb , honey baked ham , baked turkey , austrian crescent small potatoes , buttered and flavored , greek moussaka , spinach salad and tons of side dishes we could whip up .
the table went through half a dozen toasts to logan and stone security as salads and warm rolls made the rounds .
of the three courses presented , allison managed to hold down four bites of salad , three tips of brown - butter asparagus , and two forkfuls of steamed lobster .
across from her , devon picked at her chef salad .
rosa went busy slicing cucumber for a salad .
chapter three after a bowl of chicken soup , a chicken salad sandwich , and a cup of ice tea , eva felt sleepy .
salisbury steak with pasta and crunchy salad .
perhaps he was used to the type of girls who only ordered salads when they went out .
their salads came , and while they ate , they chitchatted about nothing to personal .
the attendant , jonathan , appeared with two lobster tails , fresh fruits , and various green and pasta salads .
when the next course was served , typically a garden salad of some sort , she was having none of it , which did n't surprise andre .
` ` so ... '' nola picked at her salad and glanced at camille from time to time .
he had a steak and salad , she had the soup and chicken .
minutes later , bethany was back with two salads .
they lunched at the beach lodge , sitting on a balcony overlooking the turquoise waters of the bay , hungrily demolishing servings of superb grilled fish , several different tasty salads and a platter of freshly sliced fruit .
` ` we 'll both have a dozen oysters followed by the lobster in butter sauce with a side salad , '' quin said , abrogating any choice nicole might have made .
angelo steered him inside and down a long hallway to a huge kitchen at the end of it - the biggest kitchen jake had ever seen with copper pots and pans hanging everywhere and a long table in the centre of it , laden with bowls of salads and baskets of bread .
all the ingredients for a very tasty salad were sitting on the sink - lettuce , tomato , capsicum , avocado , cucumber , a bottle of italian dressing .
' you have been busy , ' she said dryly , moving back to the sink with the bowl , ready to attack the other vegetables to put in the salad .
the buzz of anticipation was in the air , charged with so much sexual electricity she was amazed to find she had actually prepared the salad and tossed the dressing through it , which gave her the chance to escape from the highly charged intimacy of working in the kitchen with luc .
the salad and potatoes were handy for self - serving .
she asked , forcing herself into normal action as well , piling some salad and a couple of potatoes onto her plate .
how are you at throwing a salad together ?
' should i make the salad ? '
gives me time to be creative with the salad . '
' and return your salad bowl . '
apart from the mention of the salad bowl , what had happened between them last night might not have been .
jenny concentrated hard on enjoying the food - delicious atlantic salmon served with a scrumptious side salad containing wedges of sweet orange and roasted pecan nuts .
celine and andrew are doing salads .
' lasagne and salad and crispy bread , followed by caramelised pears .
it was good to be busy in the kitchen , as well , helping ethan prepare the salads , cutting up onions to accompany the steak and sausages , spreading garlic butter on the loaves of french bread .
heaving a despondent sigh , she picked up the punnet of cherry tomatoes and started cutting them in half to add to the green salad .
why not rustle up the ladies to help bring down the salads and generally get ready for lunch ?
he grilled two steaks and tossed a salad .
' maybe just the salad . '
' did you burn the salad ? '
shaking my head , i pop a piece of tomato from the salad into my mouth , and immediately spit it out .
the salad goes the way of the steaks .
she sprinkles nuts on a bowl of salad .
i bring a large salad bowl that i find in the kitchen , but it is only dry heaving .
the wine is an old vintage from the barrington estate in france , the steaks are perfectly juicy and tender , and the salad is out of a bag , but perfectly dressed and salted .
i will have what i had before , it was glorious - salad of crayfish tails and flaked devon crab with melon and fresh almonds .
four ` ` it does n't mean a thing , '' katie told herself while she quickly mixed up a batch of pasta salad to go with the burgers .
whatever she might have said in response went unspoken because their server chose that moment to arrive with their salads .
he reluctantly released her hand so that she could eat her salad , but he found he missed the warmth of her touch .
nicole stepped out of katie 's kitchen , carrying a bowl of potato salad and a plate filled with sliced tomatoes , onions and cheese for the burgers griffin was flipping on the grill .
he asked , forking up some potato salad .
the pastry chefs worked at a mound of dough , the salads were being prepared at a long marble counter and the prep chefs were busily preparing tonight 's soup selections , as well as setting up the ingredients for the rest of the menu .
daisy was talking to all of them , but her gaze remained on jericho as she added , ` ` along with potato salad , macaroni salad , fried chicken and chocolate - chip cookies . ''
daisy was talking to all of them , but her gaze remained on jericho as she added , ` ` along with potato salad , macaroni salad , fried chicken and chocolate - chip cookies . ''
in the refrigerator meredith found a beautifully arranged platter of cold , marinated chicken and a salad of hearts of palm .
satisfied that she had everything she needed , she looped the canvas straps of the green bag over the back of her stool and ordered a salad and a glass of tomato juice for lunch .
by the time the waiter brought her salad , kate had written several items on both sides of her list , but she realized she was too emotional right now to make objective judgments about evan and their feelings for each other .
think i 'll have the sea scallops and a prawn and avocado salad , '' she said , bending down to check on the sleeping dog .
the truth is , '' she confided after taking a bite of her salad , 'd watched a lot of old musicals on television , and i wanted to become a nightclub singer and wear beautiful gowns like the women in those movies .
he waited until she 'd eaten some of her salad and her main course ; then he reached for his wine and said half seriously , have no intention of letting you ignore my question about your singing debut at the pub . ''
the table was already laden with trays of fruit and cheese , a huge fresh salad , a plate of finger sandwiches , a tureen of soup , and two hot covered bowls , and he was in the process of arranging sliced lemons and parsley around a platter of prawns .
i stab at my salad with my fork .
` ` umm , there is some stuff in the refrigerator for a salad . ''
he placed before us two plates of salad , a basket of bread with a side dish of olive oil , and some type of seasoning .
i grabbed my fork and dug into the salad , not waiting for marcus to go first .
we sat in silence as we ate our salads .
you have n't touched your salad . ''
` ` but i do n't have money ... oh , ok , now i know what tossed salad feels like .
` ` scratch tossed salad .
` ` now , it 's all about eating salads and dieting just to stay somewhat in shape .
when i opened it , i saw that the hitchcocks ' fridge was crammed with more pre - made sandwiches , salads , and reheatable meals than the band could possibly eat before it went bad .
only half aware of her peers ' conversation as they commented and compared their scripts and rehearsals , heather said little , focusing instead on chewing and swallowing her fruit salad .
since she 'd barely been able to get food down , anxious as she was for her shower with seth , she 'd thrown away her half - eaten salad ten whole minutes before she expected him to arrive .
when the tempo of his leg bouncing under the table accelerated , i settled on a house salad .
adam , mira 's husband , joined us after our salads had been served .
a short time later , adam and chandler sat with us on the veranda enjoying a lunch of cold meat sandwiches , fruit salad , and lemonade .
celia talked around a forkful of salad .
i enjoyed my salad while hudson talked business with warren , and celia bantered with mira and sophia .
at the penthouse , i put our dinner trays in the warmer and sat at the dining room table nibbling on my salad while i tried to concentrate on a new book .
since everyone else knew what they wanted , i went last , settling on a chef salad .
cristina looked down at her salad starter and wondered how she was ever going to manage to place a single forkful into her mouth .
she 'd had a fresh salad for lunch every day for a week .
` ` i think it 's a message that braden should take you out on a date , '' jess said , playing around with her salad .
jade needed bottled water ; jade needed a salad from the deli with fat - free dressing because her blood sugar was low .
whenever his rabbit - food - loving girlfriend was staked out beside his desk , he would get a small calypso salad , minus the bacon , with fat - free dressing and bottled water - just like jade 's lunch .
when lexi made it back to her desk , she noticed that vincent was on the phone , so she set his salad at the corner of her desk and began eating her burger and fries and returning e - mails that had unexpectedly piled up .
the extra sprouts on that mini salad did n't fill you up ? ''
` ` the salad really is the healthier choice . ''
the next day that jade made an appearance at the office , lexi took pity on a weary - looking vincent and brought him his usual salad , but as soon as jade left , she went into his office to give him the barrington file and dropped the extra bag from frank 's on his desk .
` ` i 'll take a salad of field greens with no blue cheese , ex- '' ` ` extra sprouts and a bottle of water .
you must try the spicy calamari salad .
food began filling the table - pasta , calamari salad , and antipasto served in courses .
when vincent 's calamari salad arrived , he pushed it around the plate to make it look like he had eaten it .
` ` here , jade , go graze on some salad .
hope made her a salad before she left , kissed lexi on the head , and told her to call if she needed anything .
christina asked , taking a bite of her salad .
as i put the final touches on the salad , the doorbell rang .
i ' m making us pan - seared tenderloin steak with a sauce , steamed broccoli , baked potato , and a caesar salad .
jackson took his plate , his eyes lighting up at the pasta salad .
i was eating a salad while reviewing roi reports when there was a knock on my open door .
i followed behind him and took out everything i needed to make a salad .
do you need me to finish the salad ? ''
i finished the salad and set it outside on the table .
` ` so although you ' ve outgrown some traits , you still make a salad of italian , english and moorish . ''
she 'd finally decided to make them black - eyed pea stew , hummus tahini and dried - fruit salad .
and then there had been the delight of watching him devour everything she 'd prepared , and listening to his rumbles of enjoyment as he 'd demolished the honey - glazed salmon , sauteed vegetables and avocado - based salad .
he ordered a small salad and did n't bother to finish it .
he could make a simple salad and top it with prepared croutons all by himself .
he was only going to toss salad and slice bread .
luis ordered a small salad .
luis smiled and poked at his salad .
in the short amount of time jase had known luis , he 'd never seen him eat more than a small salad .
so he stopped eating two meals a day and started living on salad and chicken for dinner .
after they had something to eat - overcooked chicken breast and some kind of mushy whole - grain pasta salad darius could n't identify - the two little boys started to argue .
instead of serving a fattening , unhealthy dessert , luis finished the dinner off with a classic caeser salad .
luis had always preferred his salad at the end of a meal .
he 'd learned this tradition from a good italian friend and he claimed the salad helped him digest his meal .
luis had been picking up a few more things for salad that night and bobby must have been watching him the entire time .
luis would have killed for a fresh green salad and a nice seven - bone roast .
a fresh organic fruit salad and tasty yogurt dip with fresh organic strawberries would have been so much better .
in spite of my worry and fear , i dove into the steaming pasta with clams , tart salad , and warm buttered garlic bread .
they were having chili and green salad and brown rice .
` ` carnival has a new label , '' eugene said as he finished his salad .
people would start milling as the salads went around ; then they 'd sit .
charlie let off his cunt controller - as she was beginning to think of it now that she knew the absolute power he wielded over her - a second later when the waiter dropped off two glasses of champagne and two small salads .
he laughed and ate a bite of his salad , washing it down with a sip of champagne before saying , ` ` when i tell you to , i want you to press the on button . ''
sure as hell is better than a salad anyway . ''
he had n't let her leave the table until she 'd polished off a salad and a cheeseburger .
` ` guess you ' ve got to stick to salad to fit into all those fancy clothes , huh ? ''
so when claudia asked if grace could help her put together the salad , she was thrilled to be able to step out of the big group .
i hope you like spaghetti and salad . ''
we 'd shared a salad and a sandwich and had been playing footsie under the table .
` ` house salad with fat free italian dressing , please . ''
` ` i brought you here because my hotel has a fabulous mexican restaurant that does n't even have salads on the menu . ''
i think i 'll have a salad . ''
` ` we have to order salads on dates to seem like we care about our weight . ''
tamara was in the kitchen whipping up some chicken and a salad , after being informed by her son that he had invited elec to dinner .
` ` alright , so we have to sweat our asses off and eat salads and shit and then what ? ''
i brought a salad . ''
` ` well , the salads are on the table , so we 're all good to go . ''
she dug into the salad and , between the food and mrs . crandall 's monopolization of diesel 's attention , she did n't have to talk to him for the entire rest of the brunch .
which usually meant going for a run , eating a premade salad , and falling asleep on the couch watching deadliest catch , her laptop clutched against her chest as she worked until the last second before her eyes slipped shut .
she was in the kitchen chopping tomatoes for her mother for the salad .
she went back into the kitchen and tossed the salad .
he ordered steaks and baked potatoes for him and zoe and a garden salad for bryan .
` ` i 'll sit here with my salad while you suck on your snails , thank you . ''
zoe waited for the help to serve their salads before replying .
she glanced down , picked up the proper fork , and began to eat her salad .
beside him , sara picked at her salad , her wary gaze darting around the room .
eric picked up another carrot from the plastic plate he held on his lap , dipped it into low - fat salad dressing , and popped it into raina 's mouth .
` ` i 'll just eat a light salad for lunch . ''
she talked more about moving to the city and the perils of finding a decent and affordable apartment and roommates , and by the time our salads came ( a waldorf for me and a cobb for her ) i was telling her the best places to go to get decently priced shoes .
` ` that was so much better than eating a salad , '' i said , kissing his shoulder .
she 'd really gone all out with sausage and rice stuffing in baked acorn squashes , a chopped salad topped with goat cheese and cranberries , and a white chocolate and raspberry mousse for dessert .
it almost made me knock over one of the candles as i reached for seconds of salad .
he gave me a vague answer as mom started chattering about ryder moving in and how were we adjusting and so forth as we ate our salads .
that 's what i always get , but i pair it with a salad because then they cancel each other out and i do n't feel so guilty . ''
the waiter came back and she ordered the burger and a salad .
the waiter came back with our salads , unaware of the tension .
` ` please say something , '' violet said after i 'd taken two bites of my salad .
there was a completely awkward moment when dad came in with the giant salad bowl .
` ` so , fin 's back from france for a few weeks to see his parents , '' mom said just as we were starting our salads .
i picked up the mimosa glass instead as the waiter made his way over and i ordered a pear and goat cheese salad and a bowl of minestrone .
an hour later , i was inhaling enchiladas with pico de gallo , and a black bean and corn salad , and the german chocolate cake was baking in the oven .
he also had a gorgeous chopped salad , but he would n't tell me what dessert was .
i said as i munched on my salad .
she 'd outdone herself with a sweet potato bisque , a fruit salad and steak wrapped around asparagus , with roasted red potatoes .
` ` or maybe i 'll trip , break my ankle and there will be a cute paramedic that comes to my rescue , '' i said with a smile as i speared a tomato from my salad and popped it into my mouth .
she looked down at her salad and i shared a glance with dad .
` ` you know , '' began ollie to jaxxon who was in the kitchen getting the salads and pastas ready , ` ` most kids would lap up that kind of attention , but your izzy always shrugs it off .
i look down at my chest , praying i do n't have a bit of chicken salad left there from my late lunch .
my hand froze over the tongs for the salad .
` ` that wo n't work for me , '' byron said , and he took a bite of his salad .
the waiter could probably feel the tension rolling off of her in waves as he replaced her barely touched salad with a cup of clam chowder .
` ` i 'll do the meat if you want to get the salad ready , '' he said , and he began unwrapping the steaks .
a nice steak and salad would be supercool . ''
he pointed at my salad with his knife .
` ` you order a salad . ''
i bit into my chicken salad on wheat while he massaged my neck .
i did the fish and rice , she did the salad and dessert . ''
i tried to cover my mistake by delving into my salad .
i asked jonathan between bites of some really good chicken salad .
i ' m waiting for the server to put together a cobb salad for me when a familiar - looking asian woman steps into line behind me .
i ' ve finished the salad and am deep into an analysis of some troublesome code when damien calls .
i tried to order a salad , but that about gave tristan a conniption .
i ordered a salad , andrew ordered lasagna , and we picked at our food while we waded through some stilted conversation .
she set down the fork she 'd been using to eat her salad , opened her mouth to speak , but we were interrupted by a couple that had seen her in the show the night before and wanted her autograph .
then to her dad , ` ` nothing more than a salad .
` ` on second thought , order me a salad , no dressing .
he cut off two large slices of the steak and laid them on eden 's plate next to the bowl that contained her salad .
he slid his fingers into my channel , and i nearly aspirated my bite of salad , a wrenching tremor gripping me .
got some salad ... in the wrong ... down the wrong tube . ''
` ` i thought that salad was your favorite thing on the art 's menu , '' anne managed between bites of seafood linguine .
she pointed her fork at the enormous , untouched salad that sat in front of niall .
` ` no , of course not , '' niall replied as she picked up a heavy silver salad fork and unfolded a linen napkin .
niall asked engagingly as she stabbed her salad with her fork .
` ` there 's a reason for all the sayings , you know , '' ian mused a moment later , lazily watching her pour salad dressing onto her greens .
` ` how can you put all that awful salad dressing on your salads when you have vegetables like these ? ''
` ` how can you put all that awful salad dressing on your salads when you have vegetables like these ? ''
` ` i do n't make the salads ; i just grow the vegetables , '' jim said , looking a little dazed .
they wo n't return until it 's time for the salad .
` ` enjoy your salads , '' he said with a small smile before he walked away .
the housekeeper far surpassed her expectations , packing her a sack filled with an enormous chicken salad sandwich , fruit , two scones , a carton of milk , homemade oatmeal cookies , and a thermos of coffee and cream .
she ordered a salad , ignoring kam 's frown of disapproval .
` ` i had to order all the specialties since you were being such a spoilsport and ordered a salad . ''
lin wondered as the bartender put place settings , lin 's salad , and kam 's milk shake in front of them .
not wanting to say something when words would never suffice or make him think she could n't handle what he 'd said , she picked up her fork and mixed her dressing onto her salad .
they paused in talking when their waiter brought them their salads .
she forked her salad .
you mentioned not going back to your residency when your mother became ill , '' she said after she 'd swallowed some salad .
not as she worked her way through a delicious nicoise salad while he ate the chilean sea bass .
he kept wagging his tail , waiting for scraps from the chicken salad that had been served for lunch .
it was salads for me from now on .
there 's a salad with my name on it . ''
i 'd gotten us caesar salads with grilled salmon , fresh fruit salad and water to drink .
i ' m just grilling salad 's already made .
she was too excited to eat so we had tropical salads with grilled pineapple and strawberries tossed in romaine with pineapple vinaigrette , topped with blackened mahi mahi .
as i put together a salad and some fruit for her i thought of ways to keep her safe .
she nodded her head as she took her salad .
i watched her as she ate her salad making sure she was eating enough .
maybe a nice salad or something tame .
she ordered a salad , not sure if she would be able to eat anything heavy while in the presence of this man and was glad she had .
they were able to sit down for dinner at the tiny table to a fresh salad , marinated green beans and roasted chicken with some sort of herbs that tantalized .
try some of the salad and biscuits , '' he ordered grabbing a biscuit himself , slicing it in half and buttering it up .
at the moment we were waiting for our hottie waiter , paolo , to bring our drinks and salads .
paolo hurried over , doled out our drinks and salads then ran off again .
jill laughed as she stabbed at her salad , doused in ranch dressing .
their salads came , so ian let sam have a breather , but he had no intention of letting him off the hook .
ian waited for him to say what was so sad , but he sighed and looked down at his salad , carefully selecting his next bite .
it was enough to put him off his salad .
` ` my mom would ' ve talked about boys with me the same day hell froze over , '' dalton said before taking a bite of salad .
the force of his exclamation propelled his body forward until his huge grin was nearly in dalton 's salad .
he focused on his salad , chasing down a piece of chicken that tried to hide under a lettuce leaf .
he 'd brought a couple of vietnamese salad rolls from home for lunch , but now he was sick at heart and feeling immature and craving a double - cheese pizza .
we had moved on from the salad to sharing a flatbread with fresh local tomatoes , artichoke hearts , onions , mushrooms , topped off with herbs and a layer of fresh house - made mozzarella .
four rather than go out to eat , max grilled salmon and made a giant salad , and we ate on the floor of the lodge .
we both ordered salads with grilled salmon chunks and as we ate , she told me more about max as a child .
there was a beautiful ham and little finger rolls from the bakery in town , several different salads , cheeses , little pastries with all sorts of savory fillings and an entire table of luscious looking desserts .
little bowls of different salads , cheeses , cold meats , olives , flatbreads and rolls were all laid out in perfect presentation .
could you be satisfied with an omelet and a salad ? ''
calder shrugs and grabs the bowl of salad from the top of the cart .
as soon as i put the last bit of salad in my mouth , he 's on his feet and back at the cart again .
he serves me again , as he did with the salad .
` ` delicious food always softens the heart , '' he says casually as he serves the salad .
` ` change the subject all you want , but i 'll have my kiss , '' he tells me as he dishes me my salad .
all three courses of the meal were already laid out : salad to start , a juicy steak and baked potato , and a slice of three - layer chocolate cake with a side of vanilla ice cream for dessert .
i do n't have to cook , '' he said , picking up his fork and stabbing his salad .
noah choked on the bite of salad he had just taken , and i gave myself a mental high five while smirking around the rim of my glass .
` ` so , tell me a little bit about yourself , '' she said , digging into her salad .
she took a drink of her diet soda while i forked my salad .
she shrugged and forked her salad .
she probably ate salads regularly with a shot of wheatgrass on the side .
dinner 's a four - course meal of seafood and steak , salad and some other things i ca n't begin to name .
` ` i ' m making a salad , '' she says , grabbing the large bowl from the counter and waving it toward me as if to make her point .
she keeps shoving vegetables my way , even after the salad is done .
steak with loaded mashed potatoes and a bowl of salad .
i open a bottle of wine and pick at a salad for dinner .
he just keeps turning the salmon on the grill and tossing the salad .
when he falls asleep , i head home and start making myself a salad .
he dines on things like organic beet and arugula salad , grilled swordfish and hand fed prawns .
if her phone had n't been there to distract her , i wonder if she might rather count the individual pieces of spinach in her salad than talk about his work .
it 's not bad at all for chicken salad .
` ` you 're picking at the salad .
he divided up a container of salad into the two square bowls .
the salad is quinoa , lentils , and alfalfa sprouts in balsamic lime vinaigrette . ''
she shot ronin a sideways glance ; he 'd finished his and had moved on to his salad .
amery finished her salad and decided this healthy eating was n't all bad .
fresh pasta , ingredients for a basil cream sauce , loaves of french bread , the makings for a salad , and double chocolate brownies .
the lunch special , turkey salad on homemade molasses bread with a side of colorado peaches and mountain huckleberries , caused her stomach to rumble .
i chewed my salad in silence for moment , trying not to think about all the people who might have been here for me today .
i poked at my salad .
morning , boss , made you fruit salad for breakfast , in the fridge .
i shuffled into the kitchen and found a single serving of fruit salad in the fridge .
he led me into a large kitchen where a tall woman with dark auburn hair busied herself tossing a salad .
margo was setting the table with salad and a steaming bowl of rice .
greg finished a bite of salad .
give me the salad with thousand island dressing .
your salad will be right out . ''
kade picked at his salad .
we took the liberty of preparing your wedding supper - swiss steak and scalloped potatoes are in the crock - pots , salad and chocolate cheesecake with raspberry sauce are in the refrigerator .
coffee , creamer , grapes , salad , bread and a couple cans of soup . ''
` ` you had a salad yesterday . ''
` ` i had chopped iceberg lettuce with a few carrot shavings and one cherry tomato - that is not a salad .
a side salad if you want it . ''
she was n't overly chatting during their salads either .
he had five mismatched dinner plates , four mismatched salad plates and three mismatched bowls .
she ordered the soup and salad special , shuffling through her notes while she waited .
the server set the salad down first and spilled the soup .
georgia slid her paperwork aside and pulled the salad and soup closer .
i 'll contribute a salad and bread . ''
the appetizer course - a caramelized apple and onion tart topped with brie - was followed by the chopped salad course and ended with chicken and noodles - rory 's favorite .
there 's chips and salsa or i could make you a salad . ''
hungry - again - keely stopped into a sports bar for a burger and ordered a salad , rather than a mountain of french fries .
rory ordered a pulled pork burrito and dalton ordered a salad with spicy grilled chicken .
` ` a salad in a mexican restaurant ?
the waitress dropped off their salads .
rory stabbed her salad .
` ` i told you not to order a salad because you 'd be hungry . ''
` ` i ordered a salad because you never finish all your food and i hate to see it go to waste . ''
she squinted at the menu , which featured a mix of salads , fish , steaks , and other gourmet entrees .
grace poured something red to cover the meat , then placed the bread together and took a bite while selena ate a salad drenched with white sauce .
grace was actually amazed he had n't complained when she asked him to make a salad .
i put a salad for you in the refrigerator .
talon took her up on the shower , but when he was finished , he declined eating her tofu salad and soy steaks .
` ` me too , '' she said with a smile while she nibbled her salad and flipped through an art magazine .
sunshine fed him a bite of her salad and he did his best not to cringe .
` ` i 'll have the brennan salad with no cheese , please . ''
` ` just the salad . ''
she pulled a bag of salad from her fridge .
while they opened them , patrick stuck his finger into the potato salad .
valerius was surprised to see veal marsala and an italian salad with garlic bread waiting for him .
he stopped briefly to go into a small grocery store on a corner where he grabbed a loaf of bread , chicken salad spread , a paperback novel , and a six - pack of beer .
i live on a lot of salads that i grow in a garden behind my house .
hauk scowled as he noted the hot salad she 'd made for him .
with a look of commiseration , she started on the salad of seaweed , sea lettuce , and kelp .
no one to complete her sentences , or pick all the cucumbers out of her salad because she hated them , or eat the crusts off her toast , or find her keys when she lost them .
` ` man , we ' ve got to get that boy some endless breadsticks and salad .
a massive dinner of extravagant levels followed , consisting of juicy fruits i did n't even know existed , tangy and sweet meats , and a salad that filled the biggest bowl i 'd ever seen .
like someone just explained to him that you can have an endless salad bowl at olive garden .
` ` i like their soup and salad , '' he said , shrugging as he walked over to the armchair and sat down .
she quickly glanced at the menu and went with a cobb salad .
he let her get in a few bites of her salad before he jumped on the more important question .
using the time in line to get control of myself , i got a fried chicken salad , figuring the green stuff had to outweigh the crispy goodness .
as i finished off the chicken in my salad , the conversation floated around the table , changing from cam 's training for the spring soccer tryouts with united to the upcoming party this weekend .
brit and jacob planned on going , and i turned my attention to the salad , digging out the cucumbers .
i kept my gaze on my salad as i picked it up , not daring to look at anyone .
my stomach was full of them , and i could barely hold down the late lunch i 'd grabbed with roxy after we visited clyde , which was nothing more than half a chicken salad sandwich .
` ` jessica made me pasta salad and baked chicken , '' she said with a small smile .
` ` that 's because i made them for my most favorite girl in the universe , '' i told her , then focused on cutting up the veggies for the pasta salad .
rooting through the cooler , i grabbed a chicken salad and sat down on the bench beside amelie .
i ca n't help my eyes from bugging out at the beautiful oak table , laden with breads and meats and salads , partly because of my rumbling stomach , but mostly because of the amount .
because of that , i 'd ordered salads for delivery and we settled in the break room instead of braving the steamy day outside .
megumi pushed at her salad with a plastic fork .
corinne ordered a salad ; i ordered a drink - a double .
i hesitate for a moment , stabbing a chunk of steak from my salad .
eugenia had set down a cold salad of potatoes and peas , another michael curry gentleman 's special , tossed in oil and garlic .
food had come , a large salad for the little man , the pasta for ash .
then the little man lifted his fork and began to devour the salad , shoveling it into his mouth , as bits and pieces fell to the plate despite his most diligent efforts .
i made a hamburger - and - sausage meatloaf , a pasta salad , and a carrot casserole for tara and jb .
the hamburgers were good , and i managed to eat mine and some fruit salad , too .
while i made a salad with cherry tomatoes and dried cranberries and chopped chicken , i tried to picture how big a grizzly might be .
the sun had just gone down by the time i 'd eaten a salad and had my shower .
` ` honey , we ' ve got twelve different salads . ''
once they 'd all been served , wes took the side of ranch dressing from his plate and set it next to rubi 's salad .
` ` oh no , '' she said softly , absently picking the candied pecans from the top of her salad and collecting them in her palm .
ribs , hot dogs , macaroni salad , baked beans , and chips .
maybe i 'd just stick with the salad .
trent asked as he pulled ray up onto his lap and the toddler helped herself to his macaroni salad , eating it one shell at a time .
` ` thank god , '' ellasbeth said , busy toweling lucy 's hair , the little girl staring at trent 's salad .
i concentrated on my salad , stifling a shiver as the memory of that kiss we 'd shared blossomed .
the salad tasted flat , and i set my fork down .
` ` none of this prissy ' oh , just a salad .
she gathered dishes and cutlery and the appropriate ingredients for an avocado - and - strawberry salad , and all the while she could feel koldo 's gaze on her , two white - hot pings drilling into her back .
chapter 15 guilt wound through me as i sat at kyrin 's dining table , feasting on rosemary salad and shrimp scampi .
my alien salad , i thought smugly .
a waitress appears at some point and takes everyone 's order , and i ' m so lost in my head that i have no idea what i ' ve asked for until she returns , setting a giant salad in front of me .
his face relaxes and he gives a little shrug before taking a bite of his salad .
rubi picked up two handfuls of strawberries and added them to the colorful fruit salad .
kelly and katie came up behind him , picking at salad and chattering about a party they 'd been invited to the following week .
she scooped salad onto a paper plate , added two slices of pizza , and two brownies .
i ' m just in town for a few days and thought i 'd stop by ... '' ` ` josh ... '' tammy said thoughtfully , shifting toward the counter and scooping a spoonful of salad onto one piece of bread .
tammy gestured with the spoon , and a dollop of tuna salad hit the tile .
ranch is for salads . ''
you paid last week , and you only had a salad . ''
it was like being trapped in a huge spinach salad .
* * * i thought i knew what terror was - finding a giant fuzzy spider staring you down in the shower or discovering a mysterious curly hair in your salad after you ' ve eaten the entire thing , for example - but nothing in my life compared to the moment i found myself hurtling through a black void on a moonless night toward earth , scared out of my frigging mind , hoping my altimeter did n't fail .
he 'd probably get excited if a cucumber salad looked at him the wrong way .
` ` well that 's a nice change , '' gracie said , stirring ranch dressing into her salad .
` ` you know , there 's really no point in eating a salad if you 're going to dump 2,000 calories on top of it , '' i told her dryly .
gracie swirled her salad around in the bowl .
it 's caused quite an upset , '' gracie reported , bunching up her napkin and dropping it in her empty salad bowl .
` ` i 'll have an iced tea and a caesar salad , please , '' i said , glancing at the menu .
he helped her get the salad together , completely ignoring me .
daniel asked between bites of salad .
i took a plate of pasta and a salad and moved to drinks , getting myself a bottle of water .
maria complained about the greasy food on the menu and took forever to finally decide on a salad .
i 'd packed the chicken salad and the bread i 'd baked , and headed to nicholas 's office .
my hands worked with precision as i sliced tomatoes and onions for a salad , fingers wet from the lettuce as i ripped the leaves from the head piece by piece .
i averted my face as nicholas entered the room , concealing myself by stooping to retrieve the silver salad bowl from the bottom cupboard of the island .
keeping my eyes focused in front of me , i spent an exceeding amount of time arranging the salad in the bowl .
i added a healthy portion of salad , skipping the rice that sat overdone and dry on the stovetop .
our regular waitress greeted us , and we ordered our usual chicken salad and iced tea .
katie took a bite of her salad , thinking about what i 'd said .
after adding the noodles to the boiling water and stirring the sauce , i quickly set the table and pulled the prepared salad from the fridge .
she moved on to prepare the salad .
at the counter in the kitchen , i stood facing out the window that looked over the backyard , furiously chopping the vegetables for the salad .
i just need to finish up this salad and everything is done .
alana shook her head and smiled into her salad .
mike 's a fully - grown man- '' she placed the salad back on the table , ` ` -maybe he feels differently about you than you do about him . ''
dad 's jaw fell open and vicki looked at her salad .
` ` well , you ca n't get a mask until you have a dress , '' vicki said with a mouthful of salad .
` ` chicken salad , '' i say .
we 'd chilled a side salad .
mom packed her famous chicken salad today and it does n't taste anything like it tasted last week .
it would take a lot of kick - ass chicken salad to make me un - realize that .
i know mom made a big bowl of chicken salad and i swim through the drunk people to get to it .
i let her go and grab my backpack , my bowl of chicken salad , and the now - crushed loaf of bread and run out the door and down the packed driveway to my car .
i drive away with the bowl of chicken salad between my legs so it does n't tip over .
it is clearly chicken salad .
i am suddenly ravenous , so i reach back and pull out some bread from the bag and scoop up some chicken salad with one piece and plop the other piece of bread on top .
he gets a plate and slops on some salad and cottage cheese .
she serves it with a cold salad and sprinkles walnuts on top of everything .
who sprinkled bacon bitch on your salad ?
he looks at me and tosses the pizza onto the table , and i dish out a little salad and pour iced tea , and we 're both on our second piece of pizza when mom and ellis leave through the front door without saying good - bye .
mom has a salad .
she pushes her half - eaten salad toward me .
it was dinnertime , or at least what passed for dinner those days : grace throwing cheese and toppings on some store - bought pizza bases while hallie dumped a couple of bags of salad into a bowl .
the girls were clustered around a sidewalk table , already picking at their salads when hallie arrived .
ice queen has turned away from me with a sigh , picking daintily through the salad on her gilt - edged dish .
* * * they ate virtuous salads to balance out the indulgencies of dessert , squeezed into a corner of the tiny restaurant with the waiters yelling orders over their heads - and flirting shamelessly at every opportunity .
it was n't until she reached the head of the lunchtime queue to pay for her salad that alice remembered the problem with her debit card .
alice recited the details obediently , cocking her head to trap the phone against her shoulder as she peeled off the lid of her salad and carefully drizzled a tiny amount of dressing over the leaves .
she picked at her salad , blushing .
` ` and here , you take the salad . ''
` ` so text her ; say to meet us somewhere else , '' alice protested , but julian was already pondering the fresh salads , deep in thought .
she asked casually , sealing up a tupperware container of salad for lunch .
some kind of salad , it looked like .
all of that , he thought , as he shifted to take a bite of a late sunday dinner of chicken and grape salad , was easy enough to track .
the salads were on the table , and he sat down and started eating without saying a word .
zane grunted in answer as he ate a few bites of salad , deciding if he wanted to answer .
ty merely shrugged and went about eating his salad happily .
zane forked up some salad as he looked at corbin '' s list .
` ` yes , '' zane said absently , taking another bite of salad as he read through the activities list .
besides salad .
they all said their goodbyes just as the waiter appeared with the appetizer and salads , and zane sat down in his chair to take a deep breath and process .
zane couldn '' t think of a single thing to say , so he started on his salad as he reviewed the conversation , committing details to memory , and watched ty poke at his bowl of vinaigrette - covered greens .
finally , ty looked up from his salad and narrowed his eyes at zane .
` ` crap , '' he muttered under his breath as he went back to his salad .
bianchi waved down a waiter , who promised to bring more drinks immediately , as well as their salads .
their salads arrived a few minutes later ; ten minutes had passed since ty left .
` ` i think i '' m going to go check on del before the entrees arrive , '' zane murmured , placing his napkin next to his nearly untouched salad as he stood .
sometimes i just get the baltimore salad . ''
beverly spread her salad across her plate , unaware of how angry zane was getting .
she takes a breath between bites of her salad .
plus i plan on cutting out the lattes and mixing in a few salads the closer it gets to the wedding .
the mortuary in general is n't the best place to whip up a fruit salad , but who am i to school a sector on culinary hygiene ?
` ` a salad , a casserole , perhaps a bloody mary ?
if digesting infant mammal organs and a salad made of weeds is the way to fuel your body to enhance reproduction , i ' m pretty sure i ' m out of the running for children .
i mean could n't we start off with a nice salad ?
that is , until i notice that everyone else is starting off with a nice salad .
she 's pecked her way through her salad but has n't even looked at the steak .
we finish up , me with one bite out of my perfect rib eye , and her with the lion 's share of the salad .
a large salad doused with too much dressing and a platter of baked potatoes are laid out before us .
i 'll fill them up with salad and potatoes for you .
i just had to toss the salad together and i was done .
adrian swallowed his salad before nodding briefly .
i grabbed the bowl of salad on the table .
* * * ` ` so , looks like fried chicken and potato salad , homemade rolls , and fruit . ''
our salads are served , along with the most delicious chicken i ' ve ever tasted .
he shrugs and pulls hoagies , pasta salad , and fruit out of the cooler and offers me a bottle of water , which i gratefully take as i look down at my phone .
i take a bite of pasta salad and grin when i hear my dad yell in the background for my mom to tell me hi .
nancy smiles from the kitchen as she mixes up what looks like a pasta salad .
ty laughs and steals a black olive out of the pasta salad , earning a slap on the hand from nancy .
i walk out onto the deck off the kitchen and fire the propane grill to life , clean the grates , and let it burn while i go back inside to season two rib - eye steaks and throw together a large green salad .
just as i finish plating the steaks and salads , ready to carry them to the table , lauren comes barreling into the kitchen and , without saying a word , launches herself into my arms .
he asks and takes a bite of salad .
he pulls out a fruit salad , sub sandwiches , and hummus and crackers .
` ` oh , um ... '' she rattles off the white wine list and i order a sweet riesling to go with my salad .
mmm ... poached salmon with a garlic and cilantro sour cream sauce , roasted baby reds and green salad .
` ` we have chorizo - stuffed clams , bite sized caprese salad on crostini , '' he smiles down at me , ` ` which means cheese , tomato and basil on toasted bread , crab - cakes and bacon - wrapped steak . ''
we pile our plates full of delicious - smelling pasta and white sauce , salad and bread and i open a bottle of her favorite champagne .
the guys help her set bowls of salads and fruits on the long buffet table next to the house , while steven piles steak and chicken on platters .
she nods and takes a bite of potato salad .
i sit quietly , nibbling on salad and steak soaking it all in .
he leaves me to buy some fish , so i also buy fragrant herbs to go with the fish and the makings for salad .
my kitchen looks like a bomb went off in it , and he only poached fish and made a salad !
` ` sorry , football star , '' meg replies as she returns to the dining room with a big bowl of salad .
she nods and chews on some salad .
hot tamale , '' jax says and passes me the vinaigrette dressing for our salads .
we settle in the living room , me on the couch and jax on the floor with our grilled chicken salad and water .
` ` the one and the same , '' i reply and take a bite of salad .
i finish my salad and set the plate aside then pull my hair up in a ponytail with my hands and lean my head back on the couch .
` ` salmon with salad and water and chocolate cupcakes for dessert . ''
we 're settled in her family room , sprawled over couches and chaise lounges , stuffed with fresh fish and salad .
i busy myself chopping vegetables for the salad , listening to the girls chatter and laugh .
i just shrug , smile bravely and do my best not to stab mark in the arm with the knife he 's currently using to chop the salad .
` ` okay , here we have a grilled chicken salad with mandarin orange vinaigrette . ''
` ` oh , yum , '' meg whispers , and digs in to her salad .
blake nods and takes a few bites of the salad , seemingly satisfied with the outcome .
` ` this is a grilled copper king salmon with tomatoes , balsamic marinated mushrooms and pancetta salad , paired with dom 's merlot . ''
sonia was preparing lunch which looked as if it consisted of an enormous salad and nothing else .
he decided to change the subject and said , ` ` if you think i ' m eating salad for lunch - '' ` ` i ' m making you grilled cheese sandwiches .
and , he had to admit , the salad was n't bad either .
in fact , she told me , after eating the pie ( and the fresh breadsticks , and partaking of her portion of the big salad with banana peppers , olives , homemade croutons , and a healthy dusting of freshly shaved parmesan cheese in a light oil - based dressing ) that i did n't owe her for shower duty .
i 'd learned in the last three days that he had kids who could make the croutons , whip up the homemade caesar dressing they used , toss the salads , prepare the homemade pasta , assemble the casseroles , and roll the meatballs .
sam made garlic bread and a big caesar salad to go with the spaghetti and the whole thing was delicious , not only because it was n't dinner for one or i did n't have to cook it but because sam 's spaghetti carbonara could be world famous if the world was lucky enough to get a taste .
joe cooked them while keira brought out plates , cutlery , buns , condiments and bowls of store bought macaroni salad and chips .
you did n't get the kind of curves she had , curves he 'd now seen na**d and touched with his hands , from eating salads .
her clothing , like taylor 's , was not suited to magdalene high but instead suited to waltzing along the sidewalk in manhattan on her way to meet friends for a salad even if she was in a pair of jeans , boots and an extremely well - cut leather jacket .
i 'd made tor a dinner of spiral pasta , spaghetti sauce with meatballs , garlic bread , salad and beer ( for him , diet root beer , for me ) and tor had shared he liked this meal far more than bologna sandwiches and cheetos .
there , i got a light lunch of salad with flakes of tuna , quarters of hard - boiled egg , crisp bacon bits and olives in a light oil - based dressing flavored in lemon with a heavenly roll on the side , this served with wine , of which i partook a lot .
when she turned around , hands holding a big salad bowl , her gaze came to his .
she put his salad in another bowl , dressed it and slid it along the counter to where he was eating and watching her .
she knew it for certain when they did n't order but were served a pre - ordered , delectable meal of lobster , shrimp and avocado salad followed by individual beef wellingtons and finished with decadent , rich , dark chocolate pots .
` ` the corporate raid stopped over a decade ago , '' mike boomed in defence of his son as the waiter walked in carrying salads this time .
everyone turned their attention to their salads .
` ` colin saved me from the advances of a drunk man at a club , '' sibyl said quietly to her salad and felt , rather than saw , all eyes turn to her .
` ` miss godwin has n't finished her salad , peter . ''
mags set a bowl of what looked to be tofu , black beans and barley liberally mixed with onions and parsley , an enormous salad and a bowl of spiced cous cous on the table .
they were all eating her mother 's vegetarian lasagne , homemade garlic bread and a salad that was so big it had to be served in two bowls .
i bought milk , corn chips , two diet pops and all the ingredients for the macaroni salad and brownies i needed to make for dad 's barbeque .
i listened to the messages as i got out the ingredients for my salad , thinking most of the messages would be duke and rosie sightings .
` ` i need to finish my macaroni salad and make brownies .
chapter ten we 're in together - limbo tod and i finished the macaroni salad and made the brownies and because we were both pumped up on adrenalin by being held at gunpoint and shot at , we made chocolate pecan pie .
` ` if you do n't get in the shower now , the family will do without macaroni salad and brownies . ''
by the time i settled in beside kitty sue , i was into my third fat tire beer and had eaten a burger and a goodly amount of macaroni salad and kitty sue 's oriental slaw .
his mom had cooked homemade tamales , spanish rice , refried beans and made a salad .
the rice and beans were in a divided crock pot , the salad in the fridge and the tamales staying warm in the oven .
he sat back ignoring the salad , eyes serious .
i served up the salad and told him .
then i told him more while eating the salad .
then i told him some more while eating a second serving of the salad .
the big salad bowl was taken away and i just stopped myself from nabbing one last crouton as the server took it when ren said , ` ` why did n't you call me ? ''
) , got dressed and hector barbecued pork chops outside on the grill while i made a salad ( i could cut up vegetables , no problem ) , boiled some new potatoes ( boiling !
i nodded and ordered a salad .
not even wes , orders a caesar salad . ''
wes calls the salad the kiss of death . ''
` ` well , all death jokes aside , i ' m not worried about the kiss - of - death salad . ''
` ` you got the salad too , buddy .
verlaine started in on her salad .
josie says through a mouthful of salad .
` ` and a week before that , you actually offered a salad to some chick and suggested that she eat that instead of her pizza . ''
my mother shook her head and stuck her fork in her mouth , taking in a bite of salad .
but once the plates of salad , lasagna , and garlic bread arrived , she found herself polishing her plate and even indulging in a serving of tiramisu .
a fresh salad and fruit . ''
huddled next to the radiator , which spit out a grudging warmth , darcy nibbled on the salad she had discovered in the bag that salvatore had tossed into her lap and attempted to put her scattered thoughts in order .
darcy dropped her salad , then pressed her hands to her forehead , battling the sudden sense that a black hole was forming in the middle of her brain .
` ` i brought a fresh - fruit salad and zucchini lasagna .
together they demolished the fruit salad , and with a deep sigh of pleasure anna wiped her hands and set aside the tray .
karen is making a giant bowl of fruit salad and i ' m patting out circles of ground beef into burgers .
i ' m in the kitchen with some of the campers , making egg salad sandwiches .
i ' m about halfway done with my burger , but he has n't touched his shrimp salad .
i ask after our salads are brought out .
breakfast consisted of muesli , coffee and fruit salad .
ari washes lettuce for the salad , while i quietly chop tomatoes .
a slightly surly teenage girl whom elise introduced as her granddaughter holly brought them their salads .
quickly putting her glass of wine down , she busied herself with turning down the burner , plating their salads , and bringing them over to the small table by the windows rather than into the big dining room on the other side of the kitchen .
that flutter in her belly at the way he was looking at her had her feeling lightheaded as she took away their salads and brought over large plates of goulash and hunks of crusty bread .
even though vicki doubted she could swallow a thing , she ordered a fruit salad .
she worked to hide her smile as she bit into the red and yellow beet salad , knowing jake would be shocked to realize just how cute he was when he was being tough and irritated with her .
he served them pad thai and cucumber salad as she laughed at whatever summer was saying .
you want to ride shotgun on chester 's salad ? ''
the waitress showed up with ` ` the usual , '' which turned out to be a chicken salad on wheat with what appeared to be extra tomatoes , and fries instead of chips .
she gave a quick smile , picked up her chicken salad , and bit into her usual .
and not for making a salad .
as wrath added his own cursing to the fruit salad of f - words , payne growled , ` ` you are not to tell vishous about this- '' ` ` give me a good goddamn reason why and maybe i 'll consider it .
okay , not completely - if they were in salads , it was n't like she 'd eat around them .
` ` you do n't like the salad ? ''
i leaned forward again to poke at my salad with the fork .
` ` can i get a caesar salad and a diet coke please ? ''
she let out a sigh and took a bite of the seaweed salad in front of her .
i head into the kitchen , where nat is preparing a salad to go with the pizza .
helena walks around my mother 's kitchen counter , holding two bowls of salad .
` ` pass the potato salad , babe ? ''
placing the open ring box on the table , i pick up the bowl of potato salad and hand it to her .
as she finished off her special chef 's salad she sighed .
her eyes flashed at me and i resisted the urge to ask her if she ever really ate more than a salad anyways .
` ` i guess i 'll get the taco salad . ''
` ` here are your two salads . ''
` ` i hope this will be the most delicious salad you have ever had . ''
` ` yeah , '' she ate some salad and paused .
so i try to eat lots of salads to keep the fat off . ''
` ` are your salads good ? ''
shayla turned to me and wriggled her eyebrows before heading off to deliver her salads .
` ` it was somewhere between soup and salad . ''
zane gave me his special ' i like you , but you 're kind of kooky ' look , and i had a vision of him at the diner a few months ago , sitting at his special booth , waiting for his date to decide between a garden salad and a veggie burger .
as i went to pull the salad out of the fridge , my phone beeped and i picked it up from the table .
` ` at least the salad is still good . ''
` ` maybe we can do salad and ... '' ` ` did someone say that we were having a salad for dinner ? ''
` ` let 's eat the salad while we wait for the pizza . ''
she grinned and kissed me on the cheek before sauntering into the dining room with the plates and salad bowl .
i remembered one friday night when i had taken a particularly bitchy girl to dinner , and she had complained about there only being two tomato slices in her salad .
` ` the salad was to - die - for . ''
how 's about steak , herb - roasted potatoes and a big salad ? ''
` ` if i get to make the salad , '' i laughed .
` ` but what about the salad ? ''
` ` they ' ve got salads . ''
` ` see any salads you like ? ''
` ` they only have a cesar salad . ''
` ` i wanted a greek salad . ''
` ` i figured we could order a pizza and a salad or something and play some cards . ''
` ` they ask for salads normally . ''
i wanted to call out to him , what sort of dumbasses are you dating that ask for salads at a coffee shop ?
` ` the plans are coming along nicely , thank you for asking , '' she said , and i noticed she had n't touched her salad .
she stabbed her salad with enough force to chip the delicate china , though she still did n't take a bite .
despite my growling stomach , i set my knife down , and once it became clear i was n't going to eat it , my plate was replaced with some kind of vegetable and pork in a sauce that smelled even worse than the salad .
by time the salads had been removed , he had the whole table eating out of his palm .
they had dinner at seritella 's , an italian restaurant , where she picked at a salad while he put down most of a large pizza .
the picture of an almond - and - berry salad with poppy - seed dressing caught her eye as she turned the pages .
she 'd make the salad for lunch .
she had his lunch on a tray , the salad perfectly arranged .
` ` so far , the salad and sandwich have been perfect .
just add a bottle of wine , a salad and maybe some dessert . ''
she 'd already been planning to serve a salad and bread with the main meal .
wine is chilling in the fridge with the salad .
he was carrying the salad and wine into the dining room when the doorbell rang for the second time in fifteen minutes .
` ` in addition to steak , salad and asparagus .
she could n't have the garlic bread she served , either , but planned to fill up on the salad she 'd made to go with everything else .
she moved some of the celery from her salad around on her plate .
since all the restaurants were closed , he 'd made a salad and grilled a couple of steaks for dinner .
* * * that night gail made a caesar salad , pasta and garlic bread .
determined to get through the meal as fast as possible , olivia concentrated on her salad and champagne and tried to block out everything else .
their waitress brought their salads , but madeline could n't eat .
he brought her into the kitchen , where he had a salad , baked potatoes and garlic bread waiting for dinner .
as grace moved her salad to the side , the door opened and a small group of men walked in .
she 'd eaten a little salad , but her pizza was untouched and growing colder by the minute .
they were sitting around the coffee table in the living room , relaxing after the impromptu dinner grace had served - chicken and pasta with a green salad and sourdough rolls .
` ` the macaroni salad looks good today , '' she said .
she 'd grabbed a chicken salad as a late lunch and did n't plan on eating much more today .
she nudged kate 's fingers away from the fruit salad she 'd made for dessert .
she 'd eaten her salad and a sourdough roll , but the alcohol stil seemed to be going straight to her head .
` ` i was making the salad .
zoe was just adding the beets to the salad when colin walked in .
then colin appeared at the entrance to the kitchen sans briefcase and tiffany slipped around him to take over the salad .
then the caterers brought out the salads .
the waitress came to take their order , so skye quickly perused the menu and chose a chicken salad .
retrieving the pasta salad she 'd made , she told kenny to get the gift - a portrait she 'd done of the two boys - set her vcr to record nfl countdown , and headed out .
patti hugged the boys and took the salad , and brent ran off to show lazarus off before the dog had to be relegated to the backyard .
` ` what about salad ? ''
` ` i ' m fine on salad , josh .
booker opened the fridge and gazed inside to see a large pan of lasagna , a green salad , a foil - wrapped loaf of garlic bread and a pitcher of lemonade .
` ` i 'd like a salad with my pizza . ''
` ` you just told me you did n't want a salad . ''
just a salad , that 's all . ''
grab a bowl and start cutting up vegetables for a salad .
after finishing the salad , she set it on the table and retrieved her keys .
` ` would you mind carrying the salad ? ''
greta had n't asked rebecca to bring any food , but she 'd whipped up a chicken salad from a recipe she 'd seen in a magazine , as sort of a peace offering .
maybe if booker was busy finding a place for the salad when they first arrived , he 'd be too preoccupied to hear anyone gasp .
he removed the large bowl of salad and she retrieved the gift she 'd bought her parents - a hammock for their back porch she thought they might enjoy next summer .
` ` why do n't we put the chicken salad in the kitchen ? ''
conner sat at the kitchen table , eating the chicken and polenta salad she 'd made them for dinner , pretending to be completely absorbed by the simple act of lifting his fork to his mouth .
` ` you did n't eat any of the chicken salad tonight , did you ?
` ` do n't eat the pink salad , either , '' she said .
` ` i 'll buy you a salad . ''
fruit salad ?
i feed him scraps of duck gizzard from the salad i had for lunch , and he allows me to pet him for a few minutes before disappearing back over the rooftops .
` ` i made a caesar salad , if you 're hungry , and there 's puppy chow for dessert . ''
` ` do n't forget my salad dressing . ''
mom dished the salad in my bowl .
can you make the salad up ? ''
logan does n't answer ; he goes about getting the salad ready while i finish up cooking the pasta and mixing the sauce in .
just last week after the gym he made me go thirty minutes out of the way just to get hailey a salad from this little shop down - town .
we were served a salad entirely defined by lettuce and a piece of chicken that was cold at the core .
finally , after two or three songs of sitting in the folded - chair gallery , picking at the mixed salad with blueberry balsamic vinaigrette , miles turned to me and said mischievously , ` ` so ... are we going to dance or what ? ''
ask her to bring a salad .
we supply the bird and trimmings , guests bring salads , sides and desserts . ''
for lunch , i made grilled cheese and salad .
rob picked avery jacobs up , then lauren and her mom showed up with a waldorf salad .
like my mom had requested , sides and salads piled up in the kitchen .
at three in the afternoon , we sat down to ham , baked potatoes , carrot - raisin salad and fried brussels sprouts .
my mom had packed fried chicken , potato salad , carrot and celery sticks , orange jell - o wigglers , which made sam clap his hands in delight , and rice krispies treats .
when i was in high school , it was a huge deal when they installed the tiny salad bar here .
rob had blts and potato salad waiting down the hall in his room .
` ` my mom made the salad .
to start , they had cheese - and - fruit plates , ceviche and chickpea hummus , along with various soups and salads .
` ` i 'll have the warm vegetable salad and the smoked pork tenderloin .
she played with her salad for a few minutes .
she stood up , leaving most of her salad untouched .
he also had the makings for salad , so i threw that together .
chapter nineteen thanks to a week of eating salad and protein bars , i did wriggle into the red dress .
the menu card in front of me promised green salad with vinaigrette , mushroom soup , roast chicken with rosemary potatoes and creme brulee for dessert .
i had some kind of fritters , a jell - o - and - whipped - cream salad , cold cuts , a helping of casserole that i could n't identify .
i ignored the awkward pause in conversation , eating a bite of fruit salad .
while the water boiled , i chopped up some lettuce , which was all we had for a salad , and browned the ground beef .
kia was largely uninterested , though she did make a nice fruit salad .
i helped him put stuff away while inspecting the delicacies his mom had sent home : turkey , mashed potatoes , peas and carrots , fruit salad , rolls , cherry pie .
i attempt to avoid his gaze as he watches me pick at my salad .
he asks , picking at the salad with his fork .
trevor nods , tearing his attention away from mr price and taking a bite of his salad .
` ` want to help make the salad ? ''
` ` no , '' my mom said , sliding the salad dressing down the counter .
he was preparing a nice salad in a large wooden bowl .
i 'd stopped by and grabbed two salads from a local deli .
i had cereal for breakfast and a salad for lunch .
i ended up ordering a couple things , including a salad , before heading back to the room .
heather ordered a salad and swooned over conner like rick and i were n't even at the table .
while they did what they needed to do , i bought two big steaks , some potatoes and a salad .
we finished our salads and started passing around the main course .
i was washing lettuce to make a salad for dinner , while he sat at the table feeding b pieces of chicken .
the salads were just about the only thing on the menu that i would even eat , and only because it was really hard to screw up raw vegetables .
i got my usual grilled chicken salad , along with a bottle of honeycrisp apple juice and a piece of chocolate - crusted key lime cheesecake that was depressingly small .
i ignored the salad and all of its elaborately cut veggies , cracked open the sweet , tart apple juice , and drained half of it in one gulp .
` ` because , '' daphne said , dropping her black eyes to her caesar salad .
daphne sighed and pushed her salad away , like she 'd lost her appetite .
even the regular dishes -like lasagna , fried chicken , or the fruit salad i was eating -always featured weird ingredients , strange sauces , and bizarre toppings .
given the slim pickings and lack of normal food on the lunch line , i usually opted for some sort of grilled chicken salad .
so it was only daphne and me at our usual table in the dining hall , although the valkyrie just picked at her curried chicken salad croissant and ambrosia fruit salad .
i did n't have much of an appetite so i just picked at my ambrosia fruit salad drizzled with honey - lime dressing , moving strawberries and kiwis from one side of my bowl to the other , even though it was one of my favorite items on the breakfast menu .
i stared down at my plate as we ate our salads .
too many salads .
about time to join the land of the living , and salad makes you a cranky bitch .
to make a sign that it 's clear , melanie picks at her salad , and the old familiar pattern of staying apart from the world settles over me .
i return the grin with one of my own as i serve us both , and when i set down his salad and pasta , he clamps his bare hand around my wrist .
i fork some salad and watch him tear off a piece of bread and stick it into his mouth .
` ` she 'll have the mandarin salad and the seared scallops . ''
` ` the mandarin salad and the seared scallops , '' i finally admit , hating that he 's making me smile back at him .
and maybe a nice green salad made with romaine lettuce and some of those little crouton things .
` ` i got the part about the lasagna , salad , bread and red wine .
` ` potato salad and some sandwiches . ''
` ` the potato salad was made from your recipe , grandma . ''
` ` no problem with your potato salad , '' herb said .
55 she returned fallon 's call after she finished the light meal of poached eggs and salad that rose prepared .
he had his choice of leftover tuna salad , sliced cheese , or pickles and beer .
` ` let 's see you put together a salad .
you were right about the caesar salad .
you want cheese or egg salad ? ''
have some salad , brandon . ''
and a fruit salad . ''
rafe had glazed the walnuts with a little sugar and salt and heated them in the oven before adding them to the salad .
when he finished rinsing the lettuce for the salad , he went to work on the hummus .
lillian gripped the bowl in one hand and served herself a large helping of rafe 's dill - and - yogurt - laced cucumber salad .
you can do the salad tonight . ''
there was an array of appetizing dishes including a beautiful vegetable pate , curried potato salad studded with fresh green peas , cold asparagus spears dressed in hollandaise sauce , little savory pastries filled with shrimp , and cold soba noodles steeped in a ginger - flavored marinade .
and to think that i was going to fix a plain green salad for dinner .
she drove up the hillside above town with some vague notion of getting a salad at snow 's cafe .
octavia ordered a salad .
` ` i know , '' carson said , ` ` she likes salads .
tell her we 're gon na have a really big salad . ''
i could close my eyes and imagine him rummaging through the pantry , complaining that someone ate the steak he 'd been saving and he was now reduced to eating unnatural things like salad and croutons .
18 after tamsyn left for a class , isabel finished her salad and pushed the empty dishes out of the way .
i would have made a tomato - and - goat - cheese tart and fixed a lovely spinach salad tonight regardless of whether or not i was expecting a man for dinner . ''
verity picked up the bottle of olive oil and went back to the torteilini salad she had been making .
verity was almost finished with the salad when the typewriter hushed in the small office .
she was concentrating intently as she arranged a picture - perfect salad of endive , blue cheese , and roasted walnuts .
jonas shook his head in amusement and strolled out to table number three with the salad .
` ` you can start rinsing spinach for the salads i ' m going to do for lunch . ''
` ` it 's good for you , '' verity said briskly as she busied herself preparing pasta for a chilled salad .
after checking the pantry , verity put together a creditable salad and some herbed cream - cheese sandwiches .
an hour later , verity confronted jonas over her salad .
he began poking through the salad to find the mushrooms .
` ` my professional opinion is that he got a stiletto in the back , '' jonas said , munching his salad .
the menu earnestly assured diners that almost everything , from the arugula and the cheese in the arugula - and - fried - goat - cheese salad to the handmade ravioli , was organic and had been produced within a fifty - mile radius of the establishment - in some cases by the farm that was operated by the restaurant 's owner and chef .
sariana , who had been thinking of having a salad and baked fish for a change , wrinkled her nose but made no protest .
there was crusty bread and a salad on the side .
a split second later , i collided with a taco salad , salsa , french fries , and a large coke .
the remnants of the kid 's taco salad had oozed down my thigh and fallen off somewhere along the way .
i remember it perfectly , bobby - o : goat cheese omelets and a green salad with preserved pears in balsamic vinegar , strawberries and slivered almonds .
while i tore lettuce for the salad , he disappeared into a pantry and reappeared a few seconds later with a baguette that he sliced , drizzled with olive oil , and then popped into the oven to toast .
i ate every last bit of my omelet and had seconds on the salad and four pieces of bruschetta .
for dinner , she whipped up lasagna and salad and garlic bread .
well , i 'll go get your tea and bring your salad .
she fixed herself a salad that she picked at , and then she opened her briefcase and laptop and flipped listlessly through files .
ooh , pasta salad . ''
carly ceased her flustered puttering , dropped the fork she 'd taken up into the pasta salad , and waited for him to start .
he gave violet champagne , bubbly and sweet , delicate salads , roasted squab in a smooth sauce , tiny fish in an aspic .
they had a large selection and their seaweed salad was delicious .
if he were to believe his father , she did n't like sprinkles on her ice cream or dressing on her salad .
` ` can you run down to the basement and grab the silver salad bowl ?
she was n't sure how much time had passed when she heard footsteps on the sagging wooden stairs , and she thought about leaping into action , shoving the box back in its place and lunging for the salad bowl , pretending none of this had ever happened , but instead she stayed where she was - beside the open box , holding a photo of the entire family : mom , dad , nate , annie , patrick , emma , and tommy - and waited until mom appeared , pausing on the bottom step with a look on her face that was impossible to read .
upstairs the burgers were burning on the grill , and the salad was growing limp in its bowl .
the blue checkered tablecloths were almost completely hidden by trays of food : clams and oysters and shrimp , but also hot dogs and hamburgers and chips , potato salad and corn on the cob and chocolate cupcakes .
ellie 's stomach grumbled as she filled her plate with huge spoonfuls of potato salad and macaroni , topping it off with a hot dog and a cupcake , and then she balanced a glass of lemonade in the crook of her arm and followed her mother across the green to where she 'd laid out the same plaid blanket they used every year .
the tables begin to empty as everyone crowds onto the floor , leaving the waiters to serve plates of salad to vacant chairs .
the song changes once again , scaling back into something slower , and the people around them start drifting toward their tables , where the salads have all been served .
denise picked up her fork and began to eat the fruit salad in the next container .
` ` they have really good dinner salads with meat on them , so you feel like you ' ve eaten something , but it 's , you know , still a salad .
` ` i do sometimes bring my own salad , '' max said self - righteously .
it was pretty weird to sit at a table in the edgy alternative section of atlanta with two handsome boys who were arguing about salad .
you even paid for your salad or whatever the hell you ate at the pizza place .
i did n't think i could stand a lunch hour in the office , eating mrs . vader 's chicken salad sandwich , on edge , expecting sean to sneak in or adam to burst in or both .
i found my fork and picked around in my salad .
i picked through the salad with my fork again .
their cobb salad is an absolute shame . ''
` ` mom , '' sarah sighed , watching her mother pick happily at a caesar salad .
taste a sample of my sexy salad . ''
` ` sex salad , '' sarah said .
` ` paris is famous for its salads , you know . ''
i considered my salad on the table .
i could flirt with drew and still have time for salad .
a t the moment he was working hard on a salad with egg and bacon and something red on it .
he concentrated on his salad again .
a dark - haired figure straightened with his hands around a bowl of potato salad .
you ran off to new york cityran was a jerk of the potato salad bowl hard enough to send the plastic wrap flying off the top and sailing down to the granite top of the islandand she gave her farm to hunter allen .
and then the plate of salad and edamame lifted off the kitchen table in front of her , zipped across the room , and smashed against the front door .
` ` my mom brought me a salad from home .
at least holly could enjoy a salad and the atmosphere of the fine restaurant and feel like an adult , maybe even save this date from sliding any further downhill .
i took a bite of salad .
i sat up straight in surprise , then leaned over my salad again .
while waiting for the pizzas , she made a fruit salad and a pitcher of iced tea , then set two plates , two glasses , two cloth napkins , and a pair of forks on a tray .
sky opened the fridge and took out the bowl of fruit salad and the pitcher of iced tea and added them to the tray .
he took a slice of each , a couple of chicken wings , and a generous serving of fruit salad .
frustrated because she could n't decide what to do , she picked up her phone and ordered a pizza , a caesar salad , and a soft drink for dinner , then went into the bathroom and took a nice , long shower , hoping it would clear her mind .
kaiden stood in the hallway , balancing the pizza and salad boxes in one hand and holding a large coke in the other .
she ordered a caesar salad , shrimp and rice , and a glass of lemonade .
` ` soup or salad ? ''
i 'll have the shrimp and a house salad .
vince had insisted on ordering a pizza and green salad for her .
opening a huge picnic basket , he doled out china plates , crystal glasses , silverware , and linen napkins , along with a variety of sandwiches and containers of potato salad , baked beans , coleslaw , dill pickles , and olives .
a waitress brought me a menu , and after a moment , i decided on a small salad , a cheese - burger , curly fries , and a chocolate malt .
i stared at him , searching for a reply , relieved when the waitress brought my salad and our drinks .
she shrugged , too embarrassed to tell him that she favored chocolate over broccoli , and cheeseburgers and fries over salad .
` ` no salad ?
` ` can i see that pasta salad ? ''
` ` any chance you want to help me make a salad ? ''
` ` bring on the salad . ''
we finished the salad , and colin brought in the steaks .
i selected the smallest piece of fish i could find , and filled the rest of the plate with salad .
i 'd gone with a twist on a chef salad .
i ignored the comment and took another bite of my salad .
` ` that salad filled you up that much ? ''
i ordered a garden salad , having no appetite and no willingness to waste money .
maybe he thought a salad was an appropriate dish for a girl to order when dining with a male dinner guest .
i opened the plastic lid to my salad .
i took a bite of my salad .
mallory picked at her salad .
i finished half my salad before closing it and grabbing my tote bag .
i settled on an apple walnut salad .
our salads were delivered , and i picked at mine .
dalton watched me intently at lunch as i picked at my salad .
a salad ? ''
` ` a salad ?
i 'd forgotten how therapeutic making chicken salad sandwiches could be , but for the first time in a long time , the tension in my shoulders lessened , and i relaxed without having a drink first .
i grabbed one of the chicken salad sandwiches i had spent so much time making and wrapped it up .
i paused to take a few more bites of my chicken salad .
she reached over to grab an extra napkin from the dispenser to clean up a few drops of salad dressing from the table .
i quickly ordered a chef salad , and both guys ordered double cheeseburgers with fries .
i ate my salad and excused myself as soon as it seemed appropriate .
i was getting tired of all the salads and frozen meals i 'd been eating since arriving in town .
` ` oh , i definitely have to try their seaweed salad . ''
i was happy to hear that he remembered the seaweed salad .
gavin even remembered the seaweed salad .
i poured a little bit more dressing on my salad .
` ` as soon as you finish that salad . ''
i ordered my shrimp salad and jake ordered crab cakes .
i think i scored points by remembering to make a salad , and not one that came from a bag .
i was trying to think of what to wear while we ate our sandwiches and fruit salad .
maxine had brought over devilled eggs and ham salad , and she was trying to be extra helpful by scrubbing .
she 'd brought a taco salad , and i planned to throw it right into the garbage when she 'd left .
it held turkey and grape salad , and i liked it , but i sat there at the table just picking at it with a fork .
i answered all the customers ' questions if i had time , and served hamburgers and salads and chicken breast strips - and beer - until i felt dazed .
this teenage boy got the plates ready , made the salads , and went to the window to tell the barmaids which order was up .
what kind of dressing did you want on that salad ? ''
the menu , as decided by amelia , was tossed green salad with tomatoes and slivered carrots , lasagna , hot garlic bread , and steamed fresh mixed vegetables .
late in the afternoon , i was deemed capable of tossing the salad , and i got to put the cloth and the little bouquet of flowers on the table and arrange the place settings .
the red - haired were brought our salad and set it down in front of us .
her friend , a woman in her fifties , asked for a hamburger lafayette and a side salad .
this was andy bellefleur 's train of thought while he waited for his crispy chicken salad .
michele was in the house making a salad .
michele had put the salad and the hot potato casserole on the table , and she got some a-1 steak sauce from the pantry .
merlotte 's menu was the most basic - hamburgers , chicken strips , a salad with chicken strips cut up on it , chili fries , french - fried pickles - but antoine had mastered it with amazing speed .
after he 'd worked on a loose doorknob in sam 's office , terry sat at one of my tables and ordered a salad and some sweet tea .
tara had fi xed creamed chicken to spoon over biscuits , and she 'd made a spinach casserole and a fruit salad .
i make my way to the kitchen to fix a salad .
i ' m in the kitchen preparing the burgers for the grill , and kimber is chopping up veggies for a salad .
kimber slides the salad in the fridge then opens a bag of chips to pour in a bowl .
i took care of the steaks and the scalloped potatoes while she made a salad and also worked on a couple of piecrusts for thanksgiving .
this girl 's like a salad that 's included with your meal - you 'll munch on it , but only because it 's already on the table in front of you .
i take a bite of my burger while alexandra crunches a salad with grilled shrimp .
she walks to the sink and puts the colander down inside it before going to the fridge , where she pulls out a salad .
` ` get the salad , babe . ''
i ignore it and go to the fridge , pulling the salad out as he pulls some potatoes out of the oven , setting one on each plate before adding a golden piece of chicken as well .
` ` mop up or you 'll end up on the sofa with bags of salad over your eyes . ''
no , the potatoes were baking , the steaks ready to broil , the salad made .
she took two servings of salad from the bowl and dressed them before sitting down and cutting into her steak .
farm in iowa where i could grow my own salads and put up jars of jam and beans for us to survive the hard , lean winter ?
i sliced peaches and nectarines for a fruit salad and did n't think about it .
i kept busy all afternoon : cutting up fruit for a salad , setting out plates and bowls and silverware for everyone , mixing up a batch of margaritas to go with the guacamole i made with avocados from my trees in back , and i was just putting the finishing touches on a cheese platter when jack blew in .
as he tore lettuce for a salad , michael told me about an incident during their vacation in fiji , the ` ` someplace tropical '' he had hinted at .
he laughed and grabbed an avocado to slice for the salad .
it 's like he 's driving toward a cliff , and i ca n't do a thing about it , '' i sputtered , sinking to the floor and looking up at michael , who was holding the salad and watching me unravel .
he put down the salad .
i quickly prepped the dinner i 'd planned by dicing vegetables for the salad and setting the table .
i set out the steaks to take the chill off and was frantically chopping shallots for the salad dressing when the phone rang .
i mixed up a berry fruit salad and added it to a parfait glass with vanilla yogurt .
` ` my lady bits would n't know what to do if a man came within two feet , '' she sighed , looking sadly at her fruit salad .
i made grilled salmon , roasted asparagus , saffron rice and a salad .
i tried hard to keep my eyes on the man who was trying to decipher what kind of salad dressing i wanted from my ` ` hmm ? ''
i ate my salad , i ate my fish , i even managed to eat some cheesecake , and eventually packed myself back into the car .
including smelling like salad dressing .
everyone 's paper plate was piled high with them , along with fruit salad , coleslaw , and a hot dog or hamburger .
i found i ate more fruit if i made it into a salad .
within minutes i had a decent amount of vegetables chopped , a pot of water simmering for rice , and a couple of chicken br**sts in the oven , planning to use the extra one later in the week for lunch or in a salad .
he 'd asked if i was making a salad .
we all got there at the same time to find neil wearing a bowl of potato salad and sophia holding a plate of shrimp puffs over his head .
neil 's eyes were locked on the nip , rage burning through the potato salad .
it disappeared when simon set down the salad , then kissed me stupid .
i had a small slice of pizza , and a salad , mostly salad and- '' i stopped her .
he 'd brought it back from one of his many trips and had me taste a little before sprinkling it on the salad .
do you know how annoying it is when a woman only wants salad and diet everything ? ''
it 's like a fruit salad is having a party in my mouth and everyone 's invited .
i grabbed a piece of crusty bread and a bowl of fruit salad .
small fingerling potatoes , corn , and a grain salad of some kind .
unfortunately , juliet and margot had been right about frank 's new nutritional choices : free - range eggs ; turkey bacon ; organic fruit salad ; and a grain - heavy gruel that looked like it would have been served in little orphan annie 's orphanage .
` ` my girlfriend , the salad , '' luc said .
the apples , the vegetables , the salad and chicken ... nothing .
before the main course , we were serving chilled melon soup and a mixed green salad with homemade balsamic vinaigrette .
after we ordered ( a fresh green salad with shrimp for me and a steak for him ) , we sat there in silence , not really knowing what to say .
he listened , and i went back to chopping up some vegetables for a salad .
i went back to make a salad for myself .
henry grilled the steaks outside and mom and i fixed a salad while sam poured iced tea for everyone .
i sighed and swatted away a fly that was buzzing around the salad .
it was the warm breeze coupled with the blue cloudless sky that made me want an afternoon of summer fun filled with hot dogs , fruit salad and football in the grass .
there was a place called the market that offered salads and fruits , granola bars , and fancy bottled waters .
` ` so , rimmel , '' ivy said as i broke into my salad and started eating , ` ` have you seen him today ? ''
when i was sufficiently grossed out , i turned back to my salad .
i finished my salad and munched on fruit .
he asked , looking at my salad .
i like salad . ''
okay , i did n't really like salad .
i drank bad coffee , ate a sandwich i did n't understand ( salad and bacon on bread ...
` ` hey , there 's a salad too .
did n't you see my salad ? ''
but she 's left a meal of spicy chicken - filled empanadas and a salad .
when she caught a whiff of the fresh bread , the pasta , and the salad , her stomach growled like she had n't eaten for a year .
i want to have a couple of steaks , maybe a salad , definitely a bottle of beer each , something dark , rich , imported . ''
he did n't say anything else to her , but he set about pulling steaks from the fridge and the makings for a simple salad .
to his surprise , yet not , claire joined him and silently washed and tore apart lettuce , chopped tomatoes and cucumbers , and put the salad together .
she barely made it to the bathroom before she threw up a very nice tuna salad .
the salad arrived , which he ignored .
the lovely beet and walnut salad , which she had been unable to touch , was removed and a savory entree placed in front of her .
his housekeeper had prepared a light supper of potato soup , fresh sour dough bread lathered with butter , and a salad made up from greens from the kitchen garden .
` ` is there any salad left ? ''
now he was here , picking out pieces of radicchio , because that 's what his woman wanted in her salad .
when he brought the salad back to her , he sat on the stool next to the tub and carefully fed her one bite at a time .
` ` i want frank sinatra 's pepper steak.and a mixed - green salad .
` ` one is for salad , one is for your dinner , and one is for your dessert . ''
sara shifted back to let the server set her salad down on the table in front of her .
then he glanced over at her salad as she stabbed a cranberry , and his mouth curved up .
gabriel did n't answer , his fork sitting unused next to his own chopped salad .
` ` i guess the salad is named for the artist degas .
so he gets a salad named after him . ''
he stabbed his salad .
no other painter gets a salad .
he made inroads into his cranberry walnut salad , either totally unaware he had hurt her feelings or not caring .
i went back to my salad , unable to look at him .
i paused in the middle of chopping vegetables for a salad as i read the text from devin .
we had lobster , blueberry salad , corn on the cob .
` ` this fruit salad is old .
` ` forget the fruit salad , gran , there was a naked man in the white house . ''
gran dipped her fork back into the inadequate fruit salad and stabbed a grape .
and a salad , but i mangled the tomatoes trying to cut them , so it does n't look pretty . ''
piper was in a really good mood , putting away a whole chicken leg and picking all the potato chunks out of the potato salad , carefully avoiding the onion bits .
i 'll cook you up my famous chicken with potato salad . ''
she set to work chopping a salad - lettuce , cabbage , carrots , celery , radishes .
an empty to - go box held the stain of the taco salad she 'd quickly downed for supper , along with two cups of coffee .
a juicy fruit salad accompanied loaves of hearty peasant bread and deli meats , cheeses and spreads of their choice .
a lifetime of tuna salad mocked from cellophane .
molly walked into the house to find lasagna baking in the oven for dinner and her grandmother making a huge salad .
` ` chicken , gourmet salads , caviar and assorted desserts .
she beat him to the kitchen for every meal , heating up her mother 's food , adding a premade salad for dinner , also courtesy of her mother , and leaving him to figure out his own breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
in fact , he felt sure she 'd offer to heat up a second slice of lasagna along with her own , or pour a salad into an extra bowl .
` ` i asked for a greek salad , and neil , my boyfriend ... '' she paused to gulp in air .
` ` greek salad and falafel will get you drugs ? ''
greek salad is called hellenic heaven .
after her delivery of poppies , the word bouquet had jumped out at her and she 'd made sure to use it in her order , along with the salad 's name .
kayla chopped salad ingredients with more force than necessary , sending tomato juice and seeds flying onto the backsplash against the kitchen wall .
though she knew she ought to eat and had ordered up something light , she merely picked at the salad and fruit , too nervous for a full meal .
` ` can you add a caesar salad with grilled chicken to the order ? ''
she decided to make use of his state - of - the - art kitchen and rummaged through the cabinets and fridge , coming up with steaks in the freezer , baking potatoes and some salvageable green stuff for a salad .
i brought us all squagels from cozy 's , '' she said of the coffee shop located downstairs from the hot zone , specializing in salads and square bagels .
as she helped lola chop a salad and put dinner together , sophie 's mind whirled with what she 'd learned .
she ordered a mixed green salad and rainbow trout , he chose oysters on the half shell and prime sirloin steak .
she put a forkful of salad into her mouth , then licked a crumble of blue cheese off her bottom lip with her tongue , wreaking havoc with his attention .
i could have made a sandwich or a salad , but i just loaded up my tray and called it good .
taylor had made spaghetti with an olive oil sauce with tons of vegetables and garlic bread and a salad .
i went with a strawberry walnut salad and picked at it .
` ` with the spinach salad , '' he said .
even so , his voice remained unchanged from its usual straightforward delivery when he replied , ` ` one of those bags of salad that 's already washed and ready to serve . ''
` ` i 'll ask them to send up a salad . ''
in lieu of crisco , which he was reasonably certain hotels did n't stock for their guests , they could just use the butter pat from the bread that came with the salad .
she folded herself into the chair , but reached past the salad for the glass of wine first .
but she did n't want to make vince suspicious , so she quickly picked up the menu , scanned it , and ordered a caesar salad .
their food arrived and olivia stuck her fork in her salad , forcing herself to take a bite .
i take a mouthful of salad , even though i ' m not really hungry anymore .
i spear the last of my salad with a little too much gusto as a barrage of giggles fills the cafe .
i wanted to tell you earlier about cassie and me , but ... well ... '' ` ` it 's fine , sweetheart , '' maggie says and offers me a bowl of salad .
holt looks dubious , as she hands him the salad .
the waiter put a delicate salad in front of her , giving her another opportunity to let her gaze wander around the room .
she nibbled at her salad , giggled and flirted with frankie , and planned each move carefully .
she enjoyed the salad , ignoring frankie 's threats .
they all love that with french bread and salad .
` ` and the vegetable salad . ''
their meals came and she started in on her salad , while picking fries off mike 's plate .
a thick steak , baked potato with all the trimmings with a salad , and more bread , thank you very much .
eliza drizzled dressing onto the salads and within minutes , they were both eating .
dakota 's phone buzzed right as her editor , loretta , ordered a salad .
he raised the lid off the salad she 'd ordered and looked at her .
` ` i like salad . ''
we 'll start with the salad . ''
the truth was , she could eat more than a salad and getting dean to back off without a scene would n't be easy .
` ` i know how fond you are of salad , '' dean said as he walked into the room with two huge bags .
` ` i got you a salad . ''
the rich aroma of barbeque teased her stomach and the thought of salad left her hungry .
out of a second bag , dean slowly removed a small plastic container with her salad .
he set the salad in front of her and smiled .
katie glanced at her salad and tried to think of it as appetizing .
katie opened her salad and stuck a fork into the lettuce .
she forced her gaze away from his and divided the salad .
` ` with the antipasto salad , and i 'll have the same . ''
she popped her dinner into the microwave and tossed a salad while she watched the evening news .
selma lowered the salad dressing in her hand and willed the volume of the tv to increase .
without direction , she found herself in front of jake 's home standing at the front door with salad dressing sticking to her fingers .
cucumber salad .
` ` first , we have , of course , a fruit salad , made up of bananas and guava .
chapter seven a dinner of salad and a single breadstick was n't exactly a gourmet meal , but with this tight black dress on and the stupid gel - filled boob propper - uppers candice had forced into my bra , there was no way to fit a normal dinner into my belly , even if i 'd wanted to .
` ` god , all i had was a stupid salad and i feel like i ' m going to bust a seam on this thing . ''
i shrug and poke at the salad on my plate .
leona asked calmly , picking at her fingernails and looking cool as a cucumber salad .
i had joel chop up all the garlic for the bread ( because , really , i did n't want the smell on my hands all night ) and then he even cut up some tomatoes for the salad .
i reached for the glass salad bowl , the beginning of a cheer already coming to me .
the fruit salad i 'd eaten for breakfast was about to make an encore appearance , but i swallowed hard and leaned toward the screen as i clicked the message .
aiden cleared his throat and grabbed his tray back from the middle of the table to pick at the salad .
` ` have some salad . ''
` ` can you pass the salad ? ''
i check my phone all through the starter salad and give harlin my roll because i ' ve lost my appetite .
chapter 13 i went to the dining hall and loaded up my plate with salad , a piece of chicken , and two strawberries .
i tried not to look at it as i finished with my salad and bread .
i also laid salads by each plate , with a special dressing drizzled over the long leaves and tiny greens .
sliced the cut of beef thin , barely sauteed it and then covered it with a wonderful sauce , serving it up with pasta and a green salad .
` ` your pastry is quite good and your salads please the guests . ''
it would go well with a good green salad , but i did n't want to push it .
we ' ve already run out of the oxberry dessert , '' oris placed the last salad on a tray for the waiter to take to a table .
she actually helped , putting a light salad on a plate and taking it to him as i threw rice noodles into broth and cooking that while plating up the ox - roast .
i had a broiled steak , seasoned just right , with a salad and two glasses of wine .
the tender rib roast was served with sauce , buttered squash and longbeans with a leafy salad after .
these were perfect for soup or salads .
i 'd served the ox - roast wrapped in mushrooms , sauce and pastry , in addition to baby vegetables , the soup arvil loved , crispy rolls , salad and dessert .
wilffox lifted a tiny seafood salad appetizer and ate it , smiling maliciously .
i have found salmon steaks in the fridge , and i ' m poaching them with lemon , making a salad , and boiling some baby potatoes .
and what a feast it is - smoked salmon , followed by roast partridge with a green bean salad and dauphinoise potatoes , all cooked and served by the ever - efficient natalia .
grace and mia are setting various salads out on the table , while elliot and christian trade friendly insults and discuss plans for the new house , and ethan and kate grill me about our honeymoon .
he nodded , and we set the salads down at the exact same time .
i saw marcus in the evenings when we all sat around the table and enjoyed a bowl of soup and salad .
a server came up behind jax , and i heard one behind me so i sat up straight and waited for them to serve our salad .
` ` the wonderful thing about alabama is you get pecans in your salad , '' jax said as the servers left .
i loved pecans , but i never thought to put them in my salad before .
you want me to make a salad , too ? ''
whit made dessert and a salad , so we 'll head that way now . ''
she took a step back and said , ` ` your salads will be out momentarily followed by dinner .
linda walked up and set our salads down .
the waitress brought us out our salads first .
as i made the salad , i heard lily singing over the monitor .
` ` okay , i 'll get this mess cleaned up and will make another salad in no time .
` ` it 's chicken salad on a croissant .
i know how much you love chicken salad . ''
the moment the chicken salad hit my taste buds i moaned .
grinning bigger , libby said , ` ` as much as i love your mom 's chicken salad , i 'd much rather have you . ''
i ordered next and got the halcyon salad along with a chocolate espresso martini .
i smiled when an older waitress set my salad down in front of me .
i laughed and took a bite of my salad .
the table was set with dishes , a salad i 'd made with my dad , and a bottle of heather 's favorite shiraz wine , the stump jump .
i quickly took the salad and wine and put them on the island .
i wanted to be nosy and have a thorough look around , but i had to be back at the office with the salad he 'd ordered from his favorite deli .
i wish i could , but i have to get mr . carraway 's salad to him . ''
i looked down at the bag in my hand that carried his salad .
i called into his office to let him know i had his salad .
caine was out to lunch and i was at my desk , nibbling at a salad .
it was almost nine o'clock when she sat down to a modest dinner of pasta with pesto from a jar and a small salad made with wilted lettuce .
i 'd never wanted a salad so much in my life .
there 's tossed salad and fragrant , colorful rice .
i think they might have a salad on here somewhere . ''
` ` no salads for me , '' she says .
she 's got a salad already in front of her that she 's picking at with her fork .
` ` if you 'd seen how in shape all those girls were this summer , you 'd be telling me to eat a salad , too . ''
the dinner had been good ; a pheasant he had shot himself , and a salad of greens , in deference to fraser 's odd tastes for such things .
they could get a gemstone without much trouble , she thought , automatically passing the bowl of salad to roger .
with the chicken in my mouth , i flip off the top of the potato salad , fish a fork out of the drawer , then spike it into the container .
famished , and my response is scooping a forkful of the salad into my mouth .
as i squeezed dressing onto my salad , i listened to the various conversations taking place around me .
i bent my head and plowed through my salad as she began engaging the people around her , evidently feeling much more secure in her sanity .
after i cleaned up , i joined savannah at the island and helped her dice vegetables and prepare the salad and toppings for dinner .
when i walked back to the island , she was cutting vegetables for the salad .
cami and i made all kinds of salads and desserts this morning to bring to her house for the cookout slash bridal shower .
she walked into the room , carefully maneuvering a tray full of all the things i had n't eaten in years : poached eggs , croissants , freshly squeezed orange juice , a fruit salad with strawberries , blueberries and yogurt .
she saw that chelsea had just ordered a salad and was barely picking at it .
she settled on a plastic tub of salad .
amanda 's fork stopped halfway between the last bite of the salad and her mouth , momentarily so stung that swift tears filled her eyes .
behind them , the tables stood abandoned , apple charlotte and fruit salad on the plates , glasses half empty .
his kebab was swaddled in white , grease - stained paper , and shredded green salad bushed from both sides of the meat , like kitchener 's moustache .
gemma helped herself to green salad .
kristen stops mixing the salad and throws up her hands .
kristen deposits the bowl of salad on the table .
i ' m going to fetch the salad . '
she had returned with the salad .
my mother ate a piece of bread and a tiny plateful of salad , less even than i eat and i do n't like salad .
my mother ate a piece of bread and a tiny plateful of salad , less even than i eat and i do n't like salad .
when they , finally , ordered food there would n't be a salad that was allowed to brush a leaf against a full - fat dressing , or a piece of chicken that still sported its skin .
we ate the green salad , the pasta salad and seafood salad and an exotic fruit salad that he had prepared for pudding , and i drank wine while he stuck to mineral water .
we ate the green salad , the pasta salad and seafood salad and an exotic fruit salad that he had prepared for pudding , and i drank wine while he stuck to mineral water .
we ate the green salad , the pasta salad and seafood salad and an exotic fruit salad that he had prepared for pudding , and i drank wine while he stuck to mineral water .
we ate the green salad , the pasta salad and seafood salad and an exotic fruit salad that he had prepared for pudding , and i drank wine while he stuck to mineral water .
will usually had fruit salad , which i fed to him by hand , and sometimes followed up with a banana pancake as his appetite grew .
` ` it would n't have killed me to have a salad , you know . ''
i want a side of naughty with my salad . ''
it was just after i 'd finished drizzling italian dressing over my salad that my phone dinged again .
i grinned as i passed him the bowl of grilled chicken salad .
after swallowing a giant bite of salad , dee grunted .
` ` a grilled chicken salad with honey mustard and a mountain dew . ''
instead , she pushed some of the salad on her plate .
with regret , i said , ` ` i 'll have the chicken salad .
after taking the lasagna out of the oven , she cut two servings and placed one on each plate next to salad and garlic bread .
we ordered lunch and nibbled on grilled tuna and spring salad while making small talk .
fettuccine alfredo with chicken , rosemary parmesan breadsticks , spaghetti carbonara , and antipasto salad .
i ordered couscous salad and grilled salmon while braydon continued quietly sitting on my couch , sipping his beer and watching me .
i poked at the salad on my plate .
we 'd just finished giant spinach salads and garlic rolls from the deli downstairs and were sitting cross - legged on my living room floor , casually chatting about life , work , and any other topic that was n't my cringe - worthy love life .
tucker and i teamed up on the brownies , jaxon was going to make the salad , and mckenna and luke were going to prepare the main dish .
the only choice is salad , which is how i have been able to keep thin , but a man that looks like nico needs an intake of way more calories than a salad could supply .
nico tells me dinner is ready and puts out an entire meal of salad , vegetables and the main dish .
i pop a small cherry tomato into my mouth from my salad .
after showering and going through the tedious process of straightening her thick , curly hair , she headed downstairs to the kitchen and prepared a quick spinach and quinoa salad .
she played around with her salad , regretting that she actually agreed to go to the game with alexander .
alexander made his way into the large , airy kitchen to make a quick spring salad .
alexander finished his salad and went upstairs to his childhood bedroom that his mother had redecorated years ago .
she made a salad and sat in the little reading nook by her big bay windows as she ate .
she grabbed her fork and dug into her ahi tuna salad , eyeing cam 's shrimp and grits .
` ` some fruit salad , '' i assured him , holding on tight for a little longer .
with crispy salad and lots of buttery breadsticks .
my hunger getting the better of me , i finally picked up my fork and took a bite of the feta - heavy salad .
do me a favor and eat a little salad with it , okay ?
a cold tuna - fish sandwich with a pasta salad .
kenny ordered a small salad , and poked at it dispassionately , periodically dripping more and more vinaigrette over it , until all of the the leaves were brown and wet .
preserved curries , mac & cheese , fruit salads , heaps of naan .
i cut up some variety of cheeses and made a small bowl of salad and arranged it on the plate with some french dressing .
i made some egg salad sandwiches .
egg salad sandwiches got it , i say as i pull up on the sheets and make sure she is properly tucked in .
on the table was a pretty grim selection of sausage rolls , quiche slices , those silly cocktail sticks with ghastly looking bits of cheese and pineapple on them , some cooked sliced meat and a few interesting salads here and there .
she replied while picking through her salad , as if uninterested .
dave slides the corvette right in front of an outdoor natural foods cafe where a hippie guy sits a few feet away from the sidewalk , busy with his salad .
he finished the last bite of his salad and placed his fork upside down in the middle of his plate , which signaled for a servant to come remove it from the table .
just a salad .
cragg got the salad from the fridge .
not a huge fan of salads , he ate it without enthusiasm .
the tray was laden with standard hospital fare : a patty of lean minced meat covered in a mysterious sauce , a salad made mostly of lettuce , a banana , and a sliver of plain white cake for desert .
they monitor the growth of every plant , then just when you decide the day has come to have a tossed salad , you ' ve had slugs in your garden !
they had dinner , which consisted of spaghetti and a salad .
another would be called eliza 's egg salad .
immediately , laddie questioned naming a snow cone after an egg salad .
he confessed he needed more time to work out a better sounding name and flavor than egg salad .
i happen to enjoy poached cod with corn cakes and cucumber salad , replied lord lodge , pulling out his cutlery from the folded napkin .
he had been brought up on salads , multi - layer sandwiches and oozing hamburgers .
more carried dishes of vegetables or huge hollowed out bowls and gourds , full of salads soaked in a range of herb sauces or oils .
someone with a food cart came in and gave stud a salad .
ben , oh i could strangle you , jen said playfully as she examined her salad .
after he gets his salad and brings me some water , we sit facing each other outside on a gorgeous spring day .
two days earlier , after a dinner of pork chops , corn on the cob , a beet salad , and peach cobbler at the house cafeteria , darrel and i had checked out a basketball and walked to a lighted park six blocks away .
erins tray contained a large salad , some fruit , and an ice - cream cone .
torret peered around for the waiter and quickly ordered one of his own as well as a small salad .
the waiter placed a heaping salad before torret and torret thanked him .
he crunched on a bite of his salad , and gestured with his fork .
professor torret sat across from gaent , avoiding the olives that peppered his salad .
finally he sits down to eat his fat sandwich that included thick farmhouse bread , beef and ham along with assorted salad and a bit of mustard to join its sandwich comrade , mayonnaise .
i hope you do nt mind , but we ordered you a salad .
i bought a bushel last week and you 're most welcome to come over for potato salad or mashed or fried .
that , and a cucumber salad and a white wine of some unfamiliar variety .
our farewell dinner was prime rib with horseradish and yorkshire pudding and a green salad taken from the farm just outside new burlington .
in a tornado of consonants and vowels , all the conversations in the echoing conference arena whirl into a verbal salad .
perfectly cooked filet mignon and crisp vegetables with potatoes and a big salad .
the salad tasted clean , and it alone was probably worth several thousand dollars .
she stuck to the lighter fare , picking and choosing from the vegetables and salads .
she stirred her salad around the plate .
they ordered salads and the waitress refilled the iced tea .
their salads arrived .
there s a salad in the fridge i think , peter said realizing that he had forgotten bread to go along with the dinner as well .
allie got up to grab the salad as peter filled their bowls .
as the room continued to darken , she found that she could nt take her eyes away from the roast beef sandwich and browning caesar salad , sitting upon the silver food tray , on the floor .
these are going to be used as a salad for dinner tonight , but they can also be boiled .
i d like a caesar salad please , and a beer .
lara poked at her salad .
she ate some of her salad and then looked back at him .
let me get you a drink or a salad or something .
it was a lush seafood menagerie with tossed spaghetti and salad .
he believed rather than an apple a day , that a salad each afternoon guaranteed good health .
and castles mixed salads tasted the best for the price he was willing to pay from the small allowance he placed in his wallet each morning .
today and for the next five visits , your salad is our gift to you .
your salads are a good value for the cost .
reaching for the white bag containing his salad , he thanked the roomful of men and exited to his twenty - year - old volvo parked in the lot .
craigs two men waved surveillance detection wands over the walls and counters ; one opened the fridge passing a wand over the leftover salads and cottage cheese .
his aura was this cool metallic blue with flecks of orange in it that sometimes reminded me of a jello fruit salad .
jenny gave the transparent , patterned glass bowls where she served the salad in , to the two girls and sat back to the sofa with her own helping we can stay here because it does nt make any trace on anything .
the woman was eating fish , laurence was eating chicken breast , also with salad .
she continued to eat her tasteless chicken salad .
` ` ill have a chicken salad , '' ethan said to the waitress , ` ` and some tabasco sauce too please . ''
i smoked a pre - meal cigarette , went inside , ordered a chicken salad and a glass of red and looked out at the river , with the amateur joggers trotting by , the fat and the obese staggering and swaying along in their desperate and doomed attempts to achieve they know not what , and the real runners getting in their training time .
it was difficult to understand what they were all shouting about , murdered grammar , pronunciation a collection of guttural grunts , no word separation , and a generous sprinkling of ' fucks ' and ' fuckings'the latter without pronouncing the ' g ' of coursespread over everything like a salad dressing .
fish and white wine for me , fish and white wine and a salad for monika .
i ordered a chicken salad and a glass of chardonnay and picked up the newspaper .
so this roman , french and german salad , liberally sprinkled with scandinavian pepper and other dressings , is what the brits are .
i ignored the ' sauerbraten ' , the ' rotkohl ' , the ' kndel ' and other similar teutonic offerings and ordered a chicken salad and a whole bottle of dry riesling and both were very good .
but accustomed as we smokers are to the various sacrifices required to maintain our compulsory nicotine levels , i smoked the thing doggedly to the sweaty end before disappearing into a nearby air - conditioned cafeteria for a chicken salad and a glass of cool white wine before returning to the office .
she was practically glued to the salad bar , her eyes focused on a 99 % fat free roll of salad .
the pyrophysic word salad has made it more difficult to understand you abby , which is hard enough as it is . ''
it was a place with salads and other vegetarian stuff , and although neither of them were vegetarians , neither minded having salads every now and then .
it was a place with salads and other vegetarian stuff , and although neither of them were vegetarians , neither minded having salads every now and then .
he had also ordered a house salad and onion soup for her while he went for a three pound porterhouse .
at about twelve noon she was ready for a cheese sandwich and leftover salad .
until then , i ' m having a salad . ''
` ` instead of just a salad , i decided on tilapia stuffed with crab , couscous with fresh vegetables and a dinner salad , solarian surprise of course with extra blue cheese .
` ` instead of just a salad , i decided on tilapia stuffed with crab , couscous with fresh vegetables and a dinner salad , solarian surprise of course with extra blue cheese .
sister mary francis had come into the kitchen unnoticed and was setting the table without noise , moving back and forth to bring the butter and the cheese and the fruit and the cucumber salad .
shed wanted a plate of applebees deliciously sticky ribs , but had settled for their boring house salad .
charles had gotten some noodles and edgar got a salad and a banana .
charles obviously ended up going with a steak , and he got sweet potato as well , alice got italian pasta with chicken , and a side salad .
how do you feel about salad ?
it held a small salad of cheese , nuts , some green leafy vegetable and a delightfully refreshing sauce .
animals do not have the same ability to make choices as humans , and even if a valkar were to go give a salad to a mountain lion , it could not eat it .
its easy to just throw some meat and cheese and vegetables between two slices , maybe add some sauces and spices , and eat it with some salad .
sure enough , as kesn makes her food requests a small salad , bowl of cobblestone casserole , and slice of bizzonberry pie her eyes dart to me as she chooses things she thinks i should try .
vests turned to jumpers , salads turned to soups and the thin sheets over our bed had been replaced by layer upon layer of blankets .
i eat the salad , the entre , and four pieces of my chocolate cake .
most evenings she feasted on well - cooked lamb chops dripping with fat and a salad of roasted vegetables that she was able to find quite easily .
joni had a plate of leafy vegetables , something humans called a salad .
please do nt tell me any more , or ill be spewing my salad all over this table .
suella decided to eat light , just soup and a salad .
while she tried to distract herself with a chicken oriental salad in the lounge , thoughts of failure dogged her .
by the end of her break , she tossed half of the chicken salad in the trash , unable to eat any more .
that s so cool , i m so happy for you , julie said , while they both munched on their salads .
while suella chopped up vegetables for a pasta salad , natalie walked through the kitchen a couple of times .
to respond to his daughter , he had to chew a large bite of salad and get it down .
natalie , who had already started pecking away at her salad , looked up , and out of the corner of her mouth said okay .
they also provided avocado salads and veggie pitas for people like kaitlyn .
suella and kaitlyn took salads .
the day before , suella had shopped at the co - op for hyroponic organic vegetables , which she put into a huge salad garnished with goat cheese .
since it was lunchtime when they arrived , suella served salad on her nicest crystalware .
you knew i was coming , jillian said when she saw the colorful salad , which looked like it could grow if you planted it .
they settled on a simple salad , with organic lettuce , vegetables and herbs along with a light vinagrette dressing .
after their lunch of salad with alfalfa and wheat grass , she broke out the pitcher and two small glasses .
the preparation of coca corba produced a salad - like smell that surrounded the meadow and rode around on sleeves of steam .
she ordered a mixed salad and a glass of mineral water .
the price of a salad and a glass of mineral water was small payment for what shed done for his morale , not to mention saving his life .
then a salad .
no messing around with salads , or puddings .
i face the kids party with about as much enthusiasm as a gaucho faced with a tofu and bean sprout salad .
the steaks came off the grill , and while ash and holiday sat at the picnic table watching the steaks on their paper plates , frank went back into the condo to get a potato gratin and a tomato salad .
with the fruit salad finished , he sat down by the table .
gon na be good salad today , lex , i say .
i hand palmer a dripping salad bowl .
palmer puts the dried salad bowl on the dinner table and i hand him a wet pan .
the salad is followed by a cheese and olive platter served with rustic bread , sliced and served on the side , with a ramekin of something that tastes like slightly pungent herbed butter .
palmer 's in the kitchen tossing a small salad in the large wooden bowl .
there was a service cubby in the corner of the kitchen , and he could hear the cookhuman , because why would an artificial care about good food ( which totally explained why they both stole cookies every chance they got ) bustling around to ready the salads .
preston came to tell her one of the guests had some questions about the salad .
preston arrived a few moments later with empty salad platessave one .
i understand you were nt happy with carolee for not liking the salad , but i wo nt have my staff miss maren , i have no idea what you re talking about !
my normal breakfast here is a simple salad .
the salad i get is n't even a menu item .
molly brought me a salad that tasted like a cesar salad but without the chicken ... cesar salad is supposed to have chicken in it , is n't it ?
molly brought me a salad that tasted like a cesar salad but without the chicken ... cesar salad is supposed to have chicken in it , is n't it ?
molly brought me a salad that tasted like a cesar salad but without the chicken ... cesar salad is supposed to have chicken in it , is n't it ?
clean cue city part four once molly spots me coming in she puts in an order for my simple salad and so pretty quickly after i take my seat , ` ` simple salad and cold water . ''
clean cue city part four once molly spots me coming in she puts in an order for my simple salad and so pretty quickly after i take my seat , ` ` simple salad and cold water . ''
i dig into my simple salad but after a few bites i pull out my media mobile , think ipad but useful , and look for something to do after breakfast .
someone help , does a ceaser salad have chicken ?
their waiter brought ericas salad , interrupting him , and immediately making him conscious of talking about time travel in a crowded restaurant , so he lowered his voice .
the question was rhetorical , as she did nt wait for an answer , diving back into her salad .
julia said , ` ` now swipe your card and give me the sizzling special , rare with the garlic rub not the red pepper , no cheese on my mashed potatoes and no salt , add a salad with eggs instead of bacon , hold the cheese crumbles and give me a shirley temple with extra cherries but put it in a fishbowl glass . ''
we started off with some sort of pickled fish , then moved onto a meat platter with salad , crepes and caviare .
the main course was a ragoanducirc ; t of veal in a veloute sauce , beans cooked simply in butter and garlic , tossed salad , bread .
i wo n't live on salads to suit him ; i warn you . ''
salads , sandwiches , fruit plates , roils - that was about it .
she picked out a few simple things to put on her tray : a salad of lettuce and strawberries and orange slices , a couple of pieces of rye bread , a small flask of buttermilk .
let everyone else wear fruit salad on their chests .
we are having shrimp salad , together with bread and cheese , milk , if you wish , or any of an assortment of fruit juices .
a robot placed the salad on the table , another brought a tray of fruit juices , a third brought the bread and cheese , a fourth adjusted the napkins .
a green salad .
outdoors on the patio she had charley broiling t - bone steak in a charcoal pit , while inside she fixed hors d'oeuvres of minced clams and cream cheese baked on english muffins , martinis , avocado salad , baked potatoes , italian beans from their freezer that they had originally grown themselves ... and , for dessert , huckleberries that they had picked the summer before somewhere out near the point .
at the stove fay was mixing a salad .
she left her salad and went to get her coat .
jason ordered coffee only ; miss dominic had a fruit salad and iced tea .
` ` we 're only having liver and bacon and grated carrots with synthetic butter and a salad .
a nice salad . ''
` ` does it make me look like a fruit salad ? ''
lace flagged down rebecky and ordered potato salad , while i crammed some bacon into my mouth .
potato salad is an atkins nightmare , and more important , the parasite hates it .
her potato salad arrived , and after a fortifying bite of carbs , she said , ` ` so what 's your disease ? ''
she frowned at the plate of seared flesh and dumped a tub of potato salad and a brand - new toothbrush onto the table from a paper bag .
lace had opened her tub of potato salad and was digging in with a plastic deli fork .
` ` there 's a place nearby that does an excellent salad , and they have truly superior wine .
` ` now , if we only had seaweed salad .
` ` i ' ve got fusilli pasta with chicken , asparagus , and sun - dried tomatoes , '' she said , ` ` and a mixed green salad to follow .
he paused while a waitress brought salads , then continued .
the very thought of a salad gagged her and always had .
they were considered a delicacy , and it was said that the director enjoyed them steamed atop his salads .
it had been a good one ; drinks , charcoaled t - bones , rare , a green salad and meg 's special dressing .
he could override the controls and have them delivered like salad to his hatchway .
he waved and smiled , saving the biggest , flashiest part of the smile for the grandmother , who was waving back and chewing - well , gumming was closer to the truth - what looked like an egg salad sandwich .
just the right temperature to sit in the backyard under an elm tree eating a chicken salad on lettuce .
king poked at his salad for a while .
like a fucking salad .
` ` mmm , taco salad , '' jonathan said .
her taco salad really was good , now that she paid attention to it .
jessica almost choked on a forkful of taco salad .
jessica smiled , taking a thoughtful bite of her salad .
with regard to appearance , the mayfairs are such a salad of genes that any combination of coloring , build , or facial characteristics can appear at any time in any generation .
for surely it had been here , though all the late afternoon long , over the cocktails and the salad and the highly spiced food , they had spoken only superficially of such things .
it was just bill tuggle , odoriferous , hung over , and standing with his knees slightly bent , as if someone had filled the crotch of his underpants with chicken salad and he 'd just realized it .
' now get yourself something to eat , even if it 's only a salad . '
egg salad has too many calories . '
she cut some parsley for the salad .
you may be vulnerable to a stomach upset today , so avoid salads .
this was perfectly correct on every count except for the bit about the salads .
his only real friend , nick lawrence , a lonely canadian , had recently transferred to another branch , and simon sat by himself in the staff canteen , staring out at the docklands lego landscape , picking at a limp green salad .
simon left his salad on the table and went back to work .
he cooked some pasta , heated some meat sauce , chopped some lettuce for a salad , drizzled a little olive oil over it .
she blinked slowly , thoughtfully , entirely unimpressed , and picked at her salad .
daisy looked up at him with the kind of expression that jesus might have given someone who had just explained that he was probably allergic to bread and fishes , so could he possibly do him a quick chicken salad : there was pity in that expression , along with almost infinite compassion .
henry , fork in hand , glanced up from the remains of his caesar salad .
the dinner had been endless , course after course of local fare : roasted guinea pig , bean stew with bits of parrot meat , a salad made of spinachlike amaranth leaves chopped with a type of native carrot called arracacha , and herbed pies made from oca , a relative of the sweet potato .
the egg salad is especially good .
` ` it 's only fruit salad with cream . ''
` ` pinche salad , sa - sa ?
` ` for salad ?
prax swallowed a mouthful of salad and shook his head .
anna cut up apples at the table for a salad .
tilly picked halfheartedly at a farm - grown tomato and real mozzarella salad that anna could have afforded on europa by selling a kidney , and said , ` ` have you heard from namono ? ''
tilly pushed her salad away and chewed another lozenge .
` ` no salad ? ''
the small green sludge in her makeshift petri dish could have been algae or fungus or the remains of a salad left weeks too long in the back of her dormitory refrigerator back in upper university .
bobbie looked at her salad without seeing it .
at the head of the table , ethan dished out servings of their salad .
bryson was next to him , picking through a salad , of all things .
and so it was that they ended up eating hot dogs and salad .
there were salads of spinach and chickpeas and turnip greens , and afterward bowls of iced blueberries and sweet cream .
she stared at the supper set before her : trout wrapped in bacon , salad of turnip greens and red fennel and sweetgrass , pease and onions and hot bread .
after the broth came a salad of apples , nuts , and raisins .
her salad was untouched .
crabclaw pies followed the salad .
the wedding feast began with a thin leek soup , followed by a salad of green beans , onions , and beets , river pike poached in almond milk , mounds of mashed turnips that were cold before they reached the table , jellied calves ' brains , and a leche of stringy beef .
that night her handmaids brought her lamb , with a salad of raisins and carrots soaked in wine , and a hot flaky bread dripping with honey .
two servers go around the table , placing dainty plates of watermelon and pork salad before each seat .
two servants bring out trays of food ( a salad with real strawberries , and exquisitely roasted pork belly with hearts of palm ) , while two others place fresh white cloth napkins across our laps and pour champagne into our glasses .
he gazed straight forward , chewing steadily through course after course of his first meal of the day : a platter of thick soup , fish , partridge , ham and beef , a plate of salad .
one waitress offered an exotic salad of cucumber , and sea cucumber and kelps , sprinkled with pearl - vinegar .
i know what you can do to repay me for those tickets , libby took a dainty bite of her big leafy salad .
uncle landons making a salad , and i m sitting on a tall stool beside roxy .
chantilly steps out of the food line with her tray and a salad and moves towards benjamin .
we find my mom and his mother in the kitchen preparing the potato salad .
sullivan came over and took our ordersfour cheeseburgers , four sides of fries , a chicken salad for keira , and colas all around .
raiden , rosaleen 's dad , scooped some salad onto his plate .
he dumps without completing then smiles at me while rotates his legs to the empty chair right beside me as the wbot serves us the first course of salad .
i word then dive into the tasty apple and walnut fruit salad .
the tension broke , and seth handed shawn a salad to put on the small kitchen table .
i went to the grocery today and bought what you need for spaghetti and a salad .
to stay on her good sidewhich i sometimes wondered if she even hadi set the table and made the salad for dinner without being asked .
rosemary chicken with a spinach salad .
she nibbled on a salad and an avocado and bacon sandwich when she remembered the odd phone call from earlier .
he finished his peanut , then he and his father shared an apple and some wilted salad from the night before .
a caesar salad ?
but were also having potatoes , pasta salad , and corn on the cob .
if you re hungry , nikki , eat some of that pasta salad i made .
although i was still freaked out about the flying shadow , i was also starving , as i had nt eaten anything since my salad at the diner earlier .
as i began scooping out some of the salad , the hair on the back of my neck stood straight up .
if it was nt for moms leftover pasta salad calling to me in the fridge , we would nt be having this conversation .
after making a killer pasta salad and cold cut sandwiches with her special saucethat was a hint of mayo , a hint of mustard and a little something secretshe was ready to go .
at home in new york we would be shopping , stopping for a salad and planning on going to a show .
do you want me to fix you a salad ?
not really , just the fruit , salad stuff and chips we brought and that s about gone .
they have meat and fried food and maybe a salad .
sarah said to ellen , they have lots of salads .
just give me the salad with dressing on the side .
that made me start eating real food instead of picking at salads and eating crackers .
the rest was no better : a couple of tiny breadsticks , a fruit cup and a handful of green salad .
his butler had prepared home - made spaghetti sauce , garlic bread , and a caesar salad .
opening his refrigerator , jack found a salad , and set it on the counter .
he brought out the salad , and quickly divided it between them .
snuffies ribs and salads .
soon , the table was set with barbecued pork ribs dripping with a hickory and molasses sauce , potato salad , coleslaw , and baked beans .
if she was here she would ve had at least two pieces of cheese pizza and made a salad to go with it .
he had never heard of a scrying bowl of nezerith and if it was a bowl to see the future , it looked like a salad should be served from it instead .
i grab a chicken salad , diet coke , and a chocolate chip cookie .
i order my favorite , steak and double salad .
isabeau held a silver platter with a delicious smelling chicken breast , a green leafy salad and a dozen or so beautiful red strawberries .
i ate a steak , two big baked potatoes and i was on my third helping of salad before i once again paid attention to what was going on at the table .
haile said happily picking at her salad and looking pale .
i ask alec in between mouthfuls of canned chicken salad .
the menu choices were a bit surprising : veggie burgers , low - fat soups and salads , low - calorie deli sandwiches .
focusing on my one roll and my small serving of salad , i managed to eat enough to keep me going for a while .
i also noticed that the students lunches were either a tiny serving of salad with dressing on the side , a miniscule fruit salad , or a power bar and a bottle of water .
i also noticed that the students lunches were either a tiny serving of salad with dressing on the side , a miniscule fruit salad , or a power bar and a bottle of water .
it was nt like the picnics i was used to having where mom made thick sandwiches and a large bowl of potato salad , and then brownies for dessert .
along with their soups came a variety of fruit and vegetable salads , grown from the garden outside their window .
sure , if you would nt mind , jesse pushed the pepsi away and ate his salad while the girl beckoned the bartender for another glass .
i picked up my fork and played with my salad .
i looked down at my salad and picked the purple onions out , placing them into a pile on my plate .
i knew that salad was nt going to be enough so i began to look for the rest of the pop tart in my bag .
like , when you eat a salad .
shrugging , i grabbed a greyish lunch tray , placed a salad on it along with a juice , paid the cashier , and headed over to our usual table near the windows .
i glanced at the unappetizing salad sitting in front of me .
i was , in fact , hungry , but it was nt for the tasteless salad .
the chicken cacciatore already sat in a serving dish , as did a green salad and some dinner rolls .
i glanced at the salad on my plate .
the table is beautifully set for the evening meal with each crystal glass goblet holding sparkling clear water shining like diamonds , when wbot presents the first entre , placing the garden salad bowl over the platter .
and maybe i should have ordered something more substantial than a grilled chicken salad .
gram reaches inside the fridge and pulls out pasta salad and all the fixings for ham and cheese paninis .
nellie after american lit i ran to the sandwich shop on my way to work and grabbed a salad .
to remember : salad andrews for the best salads ( but that was probably obvious was nt it ?
stan followed them to the table , which was topped with glasses of iced tea and water and plates of salad and rolls .
hey , you forgot the fork , gideon , sarah pointed out , indicating the salad sitting on my tray .
this discussion is nauseating , it does nt help that my fettuccini alfredo has more cream than cheese , and the cream looks more like curdled milk , or the salad had more wilted greens than a dying garden .
handing me a large salad that would make a rabbit happy .
catch , he said , and a great wooden bowl of salad fell out of the air and into itzys hands .
that being as far as she was willing to go , she shoveled some salad and grapes onto her plate , and sat down across from aiden in the dining area of the hall .
kasey ate a small salad .
antony was eating a salad .
before i picked mine to bite into it antony offered , kasey i made enough salad for two if you would like that instead .
antony proceeded to prepare me a plate of salad .
ronnies mouth fell open and her salad was left forgotten as she gaped at him .
she turned back to her salad and began eating , feeling gavins eyes on her .
gavin asked as ronnie was about to dig into her salad .
ronnie looked down at her now unappetizing salad , pushed away from the table and stalked away to throw out her food .
we 're getting you a salad .
in the cafeteria , they even served his favorite lunch that day ; pizza , with salad and chocolate meringue pie for desert , and diane bailey never looked prettier .
rhapsody hurriedly finished up the reminder of her salad before following the two doctors to the elevator .
she ate lots of fruit , salads and soup .
but after eating three burgers , two large fries and a small salad , he felt powerful again .
a carbonara that everyone love and fruit salad .
but in spite of that , i was hungry , and maurines diner had the best chicken salad in town .
she places a salad and a plate full of celery sticks in front of me .
the salad and celery are good for the figure and so is the diet soda , she states innocently .
my dad gives me a nudge from behind , moving me on from the rice salad to the greek salad .
my dad gives me a nudge from behind , moving me on from the rice salad to the greek salad .
i keep moving along the salads , but at every opportunity , my eyes move back to the notice .
sacha made us a pot of tea and a salad for dinner .
my heart is still set on fish and chips , but i highly doubt they ll have it here , so i just ask for a salad .
i just had a salad .
whilst eating her salad , rose thought on how she was having the very best day her life .
they could only have salads as the power had blown somewhere in the village and there were no cooking facilities available .
lea ordered a club sandwich with water , while julie ordered a salad with ice tea .
julie ordered an omelette , and lea ordered a salad with a turkey sandwich .
he and romulus had spent the past week feasting on a smorgasbord of stews and wild salads .
i m gon na make us a salad , i think .
now i love a good salad .
her mother had never tried to get her to eat a salad .
fresh salad mix was in the refrigerator , as well as 5 kinds of salad dressing designed to suit whatever mood her husband 's appetite and taste buds might require .
fresh salad mix was in the refrigerator , as well as 5 kinds of salad dressing designed to suit whatever mood her husband 's appetite and taste buds might require .
you will now bring me a chicken salad sandwich and root beer .
freshly tossed salad with a light vinegar dressing sat beside a recently carved honey - glazed chicken .
i ordered a salad and sat down at a table by myself .
you want some salad ?
charlie mixed a salad with italian dressing .
it was very fruity and to be honest more of a fruit salad than a squash and it still had the odd pips and bits in it .
moonbeam had been busy in their absence and had prepared a vegetarian salad feast for lunch .
what were those herbs your mum put in the salad ?
` ` hey , jerry , '' mills tossed like a salad at jerry .
things are okay i guess , tammie replies before filling her mouth with salad , her least favorite food .
as i nibbled on my chicken salad sandwich , the reality of my life crashed through .
every sunday afternoon , jules and her parents go out to this gourmet restaurant where one entre comes to like fifteen dollars or more , and that does nt include french fries and a side salad , just this tiny cut of meat .
were making tossed salad .
` ` um , can i get a salmon salad . ''
i take a bite of my salad and it is amazing .
i take another bit of my salad .
bowls of salad and trays of finger sandwiches are passes around the table .
an hour ago her mother came in to tell her she made some chicken salad and it will be available whenever she s ready to come downstairs , but instead she pulls the covers up and squeezes her eyes shut .
ryder , skylar and rebecca spent the rest of the day talking and eating the fruit salad that loretta had brought them .
a salad , i think .
a salad ?
i should ve gotten the salad and let lexi eat what she wanted .
lexi glanced at me , an eyebrow raised in judgment , and then went back to preparing a side salad .
um , i stalled , being extra choosey about which lettuce leaves were worthy of being in my salad .
and now since the food is better , you re accepting her crappy attitude toward you , lexi said and dumped way too much ranch dressing on her little salad .
suddenly the chopped greek salad i made last night held no appeal .
for dinner i was about to get a nice healthy salad but decided to go crazy and got a bacon cheeseburger , fries ( real ones , not sweet potato ) , and a strawberry malt .
i love salad , said daisy .
she nudged kaylee on her other side , who also looked up from her fruit salad .
great salad by the way , he added .
and the salads .
after the salad , i had two slices from the pineapple and veggie box while bran demolished most of the other pizza .
pizza and vegetable salad .
oh sorry dear , i was reading on how to make a proper dressing for this salad .
mr . robbins sat after her as mrs . robbins walked behind him , carrying a bowl of green salad .
luna looked away from the bowl of green salad , silently hoping that her mother would not force her to eat them .
mrs . robbins placed two spoons of green salad on luna 's plate .
luna sighed then started to chew on the green salad .
after finishing the green salad , luna placed a few salt on her fries and started to stuff her mouth with them .
sit on our table from yesterday and i 'll make you a salad to add to your sandwiches , the old woman said , and then she disappeared in her homey office .
i just would nt order salad or anything all that messy , which also kind of sounded fantastic at this point .
jan exclaimed as the waitress set a salad down before her .
i took out a container of leftover chicken salad and a diet coke , going in the living room to flop down on my favorite recliner .
starting the party at three in the afternoon , daddy provides kiddie pony rides , hay wagon rides , a bouncy foam house exhibition for the young kids of the farm workers and for the pre - teens there are bow and arrow fun and a long horse trail lead by the responsible teens as well as serving folks with tons of fresh pork bbq , thousands of gallons of baked beans , hundreds of corn - on - the - cobs , big containers of fresh sliced potato salad , oceans of sweet tea , and batches of freshly home - baked rainbow - colored sprinkled cupcakes that s really for the younger kids then at precisely five all the children go home to watch tv or to sleep as the party entertains the adults with a hoe down .
if that is nt enough food for a growing teenager then there s a side plate filled with delicious looking fruit salad consisting of sliced strawberries , orange slices , grapes , apples , walnuts all mixed together as my tummy grumbles for food as beck quickly gobbles down one chicken breast , two thigh legs , and two drums sticks while polishing off the entire pile of mashed potatoes .
he cleans the dinner plate then sits the small side plate with the fruit salad inside the larger plate like a good mannered young man finishing the bright ripped fruit along with the rest of the clan wrapping up the lunchtime meal .
in between meat plates were dishes of multi - coloured salads and vegetables that i had never laid eyes upon before .
this time starting with a beet salad , followed by a huge slab of kingfish decorated with prawns and caviar , and ending with crme brul .
no amount of potato salad is going to help you .
that meal is avery roses favourite , said the screen , but there must also be a side salad and a fruit platter for dessert .
and i will hide my salad and feed it to the dogs later .
i was transported by his porcini mushroom risotto accompanied by lemon scaloppini and followed by an arugula salad .
sara gently laid her hand on mine to stop me from cutting a finger with the knife i was slashing a salad with .
vianez was surprised to see a large salad and ample slice of bread and honey .
but i d rather have a salad .
friday i place my plate of quiche , fruit salad , and fresh - baked scones on the patio table next to chloe .
lucas laughed and followed me as i grabbed a sandwich and side salad .
then we do a shift in the kitchens , making a salad for dinner .
the room had several other members munching on salad , chicken , or pizza .
we laugh and grandmother forces me to eat a salad , and rice , which is nt so bad .
she s a big fan of fruit salad , blueberry pancakes and loves raspberry tea .
jake gets a turkey club while carmen chooses a salad .
eliza chooses a burger , fries , a brownie , and a diet coke and i opt for a buffalo chicken salad and fruit punch .
are you just going to stare at the salad until it disappears ?
` ` i think i know izzy 's birthday , '' yolanda said with some pride as she passed over a plate with cold roast chicken , potato salad , and freshly picked tomatoes .
plates of hot dogs , bags potato chips , bowls of salad , and plates of hot corn on the cob were placed on each table .
you cut these up for the salad .
and i asked you what you wanted in your salad , but you told me whatever .
max obeys and stirs the meat before mixing the salad .
looks like its lunch with me and the track team , allison said as katie paid for her tray of taco salad .
actually , i did nt know which of them you liked more , so i did a fruit salad , this way you can pick what you want and leave the ones you do nt .
or if you want something else like another fruit salad , with less melon , no pineapple and a lot more strawberries and peaches , i can do it .
while enjoying salads and fruit , the girls asked aunt emma about the town .
` ` i 'll make a salad to go with it , '' ava said .
garlic bread and a salad ?
someone handed joyah a salad ( whether he was a young uncle or an older cousin joyah was nt sure ) and she joined the line of people carrying things in .
jeff passed her a plate with a piece of meat , bread , and a small salad on it .
i ordered the chicken parmesan , with a cesar salad , and henry ordered a tuscan steak , rare with stone crabs .
she could nt wait to get home to tucson and play with water salad , but she had never felt more alive than on okawii as a mermaid , and keoni could understand that .
then corena came to the door holding a big bowl of potato salad and mixing it up like she was trying to show us she was the one making the food .
over a meal of pasta , salad and garlic bread , with cake for dessert , they chatted about their unforgettable evening .
` ` that 's why i stick with the salad .
i gave it a playful tug as i rounded up some salads .
flicking away the menu which was offered virginia told the girl that she would like afelia with salad , some hot bread and a dish of tahini sauce ; she thought that the waitress might be impressed by this comfortable self - assured poise .
aidan had ordered a salad , which he just kept pushing around without eating .
and you re forgetting that they now have almost healthy food with their various salads .
monica ca nt help but laugh at that , well something like that i guess , then again i will probably get all upset when it comes time to slaughter them and just eat a big salad .
i grab a chicken salad sandwich off the serving platter and take a bite , hearing the lettuce crunch as i eat .
anthony made chicken salad sandwiches and lemonade , i say .
she was already at work on dinner ( pasta with alfredo sauce and a salad ) , and once that was ready we headed out to the porch with glasses of lemonade to wait for nick .
stellas was a popular store in pemota that specialized in selling avocado products , everything from avocado dip to avocado lime salad .
she was holding a lunch tray with tangerines and salad and turkey with gravy on it .
annette took another spoonful of pasta salad , using this break in class to have her lunch early .
that s where you ll find your salads , rice , sides , and sauces .
each plate had stuffed grape leaves , onions , cabbage , zucchini , hot peppers and a side salad .
mrs . gill looked up from her potato salad , hearing the commotion across the table .
but if you want to help me make a salad , that would be nice .
and that s my brother , drew , she pointed with her chin , having already filled her hands with a bowl of salad in one , honey glazed carrots in the other .
little conversation took place as bones piled higher and higher on plates , rolls disappeared , and quantities of potato salad were consumed , washed down with water , milk , and lemonade .
he detoured to the passthrough and grabbed a bowl of potato salad and another of biscuits .
jake picked up a platter of chicken sandwiches and a fruit salad .
there were nine of them grouped at one end of the table , and besides bread , they were feasting on barbecued chicken , beans , veggie kabobs , and a tomato , corn , and avocado salad .
even as he chewed and swallowed a mammoth bite of potato salad , jake felt a warm rush of emotion when he thought of his moms reaction .
by the time they joined me in the dining hall i had already picked a table toward the front of the room and started in on my dinner of vegetable soup , fruit salad , and pizza .
nice job , i said through a mouthful of fruit salad .
by the way , would you like a salad with the dressing on the side for dinner tonight ?
if i went to bed with a stomach full of salad , my parents would have been happy .
but salad was nt enough .
i entered the empty restaurant and opened the sliding fridge , debating salads .
and so the interrogation commenced * ~*~ * so after i went through what i had for lunch today ( lied about eating a salad ) and how unflattering my shirt was for the millionth time , i finally made it to my bedroom .
i got a bare plate and the salad i chopped in a huge bowl placed in front of me , along with a white wine vinegar and olive oil mixture in a gravy dish .
have as much salad and dressing as you want , annabelle .
so , with a regular salad and a bottle of water in tow , i paid for my food and entered back into a cafeteria more chaotic then before .
i slid my salad back in front of me and finished it quickly .
i had my salad and water bottle in front of me , prepared for the thrashing she was going to throw at me for making a certain decision .
i snapped , throwing my salad cover off .
after waiting for a few minutes , it was my turn and i grabbed a salad and a bottle of water .
and dug into my salad .
i was halfway through my salad when jenna slammed down across from me .
i also slid my half eaten salad to the side .
the line moved forward thankfully and i entered the restaurant quickly making my way to the refrigerator to grab a salad .
i ignored him , grabbed a salad and water bottle , circled around him and paid for my food .
i told her , trying to take the lid off my salad , but my fingers kept slipping .
jenna sneered , grabbing my salad bowl and taking the lid off .
i m going to get a salad .
i grabbed a salad , then a water bottle .
i grabbed a salad and water bottle from the fridge .
thankfully they had a few salads left .
i grabbed the salad .
my phone vibrated , chiming with an incoming text as i ate my salad .
curious , i ate the last of my salad and headed down the hallway to investigate .
as we sat , being served our salads , nadine shared what she 'd been up to , and so did i .
somebody had left dinner there for one : salad , milk , a plate of biscuits ... and on the corner of the table she found a letter folded in two .
but you did n't seem to like them , you did n't touch your salad .
just let her be , nyema just hold tight we have something and you know that you can get a salad from subway .
ok , i found a spot in town that serves pizza and a salad .
yeah me too , but i want something light , maybe a salad because between school work and whatever we have to do tonight it will need energy but nothing too heavy to make me tired , and skylar is a vegan anyways .
we each had a salad , light enough not to weigh us down but filling enough to have us fill for homework .
feeling defeated i lower my head and begin to focus on my salad .
trish takes a bite of her salad at lunch .
trish takes a bite of her usual salad .
in her other hand she carried a large crystal bowl of chopped salad , with little crumbles of bacon and freshly chopped chives sprinkled on top .
derek thought for a second that it would be a shame to eat the salad , it almost looked like art .
yeah , he took a big bite of the salad .
derek took another bite of salad .
naturally , there were a couple of mistakes on my behalf : the guy that ordered no mushrooms , the girl that ordered hand tossed , not a tossed salad .
our salads came just in time to punctuate mitchell 's point .
because of the convenient fact that oil floats on water ( check your salad dressing ) , one looks for oil in high places where the tiny coarse rock grains have enough spaces in between them to hold a good bit of oil .
she opted instead for the air - conditioned comfort of her easy chair in front of some mind - numbing television , where she most often joined alex for reruns of crime dramas while they both ate the lavish salads alex tended to make in the summer .
lola herself would be cared for shortly with a long , hot shower and the predictably slow arrival of a perfectly reasonable room - service steak , no salad , no ice , but a big glass of perfectly adequate red wine .
lexie dug into her salad and put her fork in a piece of each different vegetable .
she turned back toward daniel so you want grilled cheese and a salad ?
he began humming as he cut up the vegetables selah had taken out , making the salads it was her dad , selah turned her back from daniel , her mom had had the mri and they would get the results of both tests tomorrow after the cat scan , selah filled him in on her and jakes day , she asked her dad to make sure he called as soon as he had results .
a funeral or a wedding with an empty stomach always made him extra anxious so he packed a large lunch -- a roast - beef sandwich with cheddar cheese , left - over potato salad , and four chips ahoy cookies for dessert .
when she finished her salad and deviled egg , she walked to the loading dock to check what it was doing outside ( raining , lightly ) and to look in at the warehouse .
he buttered his bread while the waitress laid down his caesar salad and my blt .
they served us several salads , pickled mushrooms , salted fish , and a bottle of vodka .
marina and yilena came out with the meat and we put it on the fire while they went back inside to make salads .
yilena was a very good cook and the table was filled with plates of squid , halibut , and several salads .
she had already bought lots of meat and made the salads so we just stopped off at a store to by the alcohol before driving outside the village and down a very bumpy dirt road into an area of dachas .
everyone began arriving around nine and the house filled with salads , sweets , and an immense variety of alcohols .
mrs . killibrew ordered our salads and an appetizer for us .
the waitress came by and took our orders , ted ordered the spaghetti dinner with the salad for julie and the three of us .
we are making macaroni and cheese for dinner and you can make the salad and the tea .
give my customers fresh salad , and save some money at the grocer , you know ?
the typically girlish bill of fare included desserts , salad and finger sandwiches , set up under a tent , with games scheduled in case conversation ran thin .
the girls laughed and waved him over to get something to eat , and prepared him an especially manful salad .
waiter , royce began with nauseating enthusiasm , well have two orders of the seaweed salad , then one order of unagi , one order of ikahmmm .. oh , yes how about an order of the tako and an order of the ikura .
they have pre - cut veg , fresh - washed salad , prepared fruit .
they could nt agree on toppings , so they settled for a large cheese pizza , with three side salads , two ice teas , and a glass of lemonade for nadine .
dee lifted her fork and buried the prongs into her caesar salad .
the oddly shaped bottle looked as though it should contain olive oil or salad dressing .
they went to the best restaurant and millie ordered a steak while amy ate a salad .
doris took her by the arm to the buffet table and the two of them loaded their paper plates with salad , bbq beans and bbq pork on a bun and went to find a place to sit which was nt all that easy though possible because people were constantly coming and going .
millie pulled out her money clip and gave rob a fifty and a twenty , if they have any salads left maybe pick us up some of that .
rob came out and unpacked five gorgeous steaks , rub , and a big buckets of potato salad and slaw .
mitch came back and cut off half of millies steak and took a big helping of the salad .
alex sat beside amy , both of them silent as they ate from a tray of green beans , boiled lamb chops ( the vegetarians had tofu salad ) , and a side of marmalade .
the salads came with absolutely no dressing , and the meats were boiled and never marinated .
i asked as we finished the salad .
leaning back in my chair , i watched the nurses chatting , eating their salads .
` ` i ' ve already set the table , only thing left is the salad . ''
tiny was still the chef at the bimini inn , and he treated me with a leisurely dinner of raw conch salad and grilled tuna that was wonderful .
two tables were pulled together and piled with cracked conch , fritters , crawfish salad , and warm homemade bread .
a simple meal of local fish caught by davros , with a green salad and boiled potatoes .
i stop to eat at an outdoor caf and enjoy a salad and a turkey sandwich .
` ` i guess not too much more , just wanted to make the salads up today and get the deserts ready .
julie has the makings for the salads sitting on the counter , cutting boards with knives lying in wait .
` ` do you want to start on the salad or desserts first ? ''
` ` let 's start on the salad then , we have to stand to make it .
she had a salad , awkwardly flushing red as we all smiled at her .
jane offered sarah some salad .
well , if everyone is done with their soup , i will be happy to go bring out the salad with my special homemade dressing.it is a recipe for a loon lake dressing passed down from my great - great - grandmother .
everybody agreed that it was time for salad and mrs . dyebuko started to move the empty soup bowls onto the silver platters .
ms . anna beth hanly sliced her hand on a knife badly and needed to rush to the emergency room immediately.but , not to worry she was certain it was not too terribly bad and it would not leave ms . anna beth hanly scarred for life.after a minute of talking about how horrible that was and how everybody hoped she would make a quick recovery and it not be too bad , the old conversations picked back up again while they waited for the servants to bring out the salads .
5 the salad came soon enough.samuel and judd brought it out , again on silver platters.the salad seemed even more delicious than the soup .
5 the salad came soon enough.samuel and judd brought it out , again on silver platters.the salad seemed even more delicious than the soup .
they learned a lot they never knew about each other.by the end of eating the delectable salad together , they felt closer to each other than ever .
2 the appetizers went quicker than the salad did.the conversations skipped from one subject to the next.people talked about everything from church functions to high school football games .
they had eaten a sparse meal of salad , bread and olives and laid out all of their necessary equipment .
before them lay a palette of rich colours ; crisp white rolls ; creamy yellow cheeses ; green salad leaves ; moist red salmon ; ham on the bone ; large oval olives in dark purple and pale green and pickles .
oh , and a large iced tea with lemon and a side salad with ranch .
uhhh , medium coffee with one cream and two splendas , and a dollar cheeseburger and dollar side salad , ranch dressing .
their meal began with a fresh watercress salad , followed by conch soup .
do you have to be twenty - one to order this salad ?
she picked up her fork and stabbed it into the salad .
she clenched her hands and focused her gaze on her half - eaten salad so she would nt have to see the smug - looking sheriff sitting opposite her at the restaurant table .
your salad is in the microwave , trent .
the salad was wilted , the ranch a moat of milk around the slice of torture .
first was a green salad with candied pecans and crumbled gorgonzola cheese , followed by freshly made tortellini pasta with pesto sauce and pine nuts .
we shared a large antipasto salad and a plate of ravioli , then set out for the hike up the hill , up gayley avenue , back to the apartment building .
irritated he snapped his fingers to the two waiters in his wake to make them pour the wine faster and serve a series of additional dishes , salads and sauces .
the hall murmured with the fizz of champagne , the clink of silver knives and forks as people ate succulent steaks , cakes of corn bread , fresh salad , and a selection of pies ; apple pie , cherry pie , blueberry pie , all served with a side of delicious vanilla ice cream .
she warmed the meatloaf in the microwave and added a small bowl of fruit salad to the plate .
chicken salad is fresh .
he served his own salad and lily passed him the carafe of homemade salad dressing .
he served his own salad and lily passed him the carafe of homemade salad dressing .
she was eating her salad when collin put out his hand for her plate .
he tossed a salad and put it in the fridge .
i had to reach past several bowls of salads and platters of meat , also wrapped in plastic .
lepage remained silent throughout , eating his salad and maintaining an unwavering attention on either patrick 's or veronique 's faces .
deciding to enjoy a leisurely lunch as he awaited delivery of elliotts drivers license and passport , he strolled onto the terrace with his caesar salad and sparkling water .
the waiter arrived with some menus : for drink there was champagne and chardonnay , chianti and margaritas , burgundy and budweiser , mgd , coors , superior , bohemia , dos equis , tecate , corona , carta blanca , amstel , heinekenfor food there were caesar salads , prime rib and new york strips , swordfish and lobster , asparagus tips and pasta alfredofor smokes there were rocky patels , robustos , cuesta reys , arturo fuentes they drank and dined and smoked while von hellemann and joanna were ever charming and solicitous .
cheddar cheese soup , marinated ottomanelli 's quail broiled with fresh sage , sweet potato fritters and baby peas , homemade corn bread , and then , as a change of pace ( keep 'em off balance ) , an endive salad spiked with coriander .
` ` speaking of tragedies , it would be a major one if we did n't have a greek salad to go with those steaks . ''
he finished tossing the salad and served them each a hearty helping .
rough - hewn americans like nichols always got slightly uneasy when there was more than one fork on the table and the salad came last .
avocado salad and a wolfs tooth ale ?
hey , sorry but my other friend wanted to add to the order just an avocado salad .
you get the salad ?
i m making a chicken salad , he said .
he stood up and looked down at the salad .
jackie shaw followed with another giant bowl , this one full of potato salad .
we are a mixed - up fruit salad of a family , she thought as she watched her two daughters cuddle on the sofa .
cheese salad will do .
there s a couple bowls of salads in there that we were supposed to eat last night .
meagan ran into the kitchen and i hobbled behind her , but as i opened the fridge door and pulled out the huge blue bowl that was filled with potato salad , she wandered onto the porch .
i filled three plates with the salad and then went out to see what she was looking at .
meg , lets get back in and grab some of that salad while were waiting .
the salad , which had the right amount of sweetness with the right amount of bitter kale , was constantly a favorite .
not too much salad dressing is there ?
shall i bring you a salad or a drink ?
no , thank you , given the state of the refrigerator , i ve lost my appetite for salad .
for the main course , we ate pork szechuan next , with mixed salad .
margarethe took a bite of her biscotti while the others dug into their caesar salads .
all eyes were turned back to sarah as she bought time by biting into a red leaf that stood out all by itself in the garden salad .
how about a salad ?
much to adams surprise , larry ordered a salad as well .
on his way downtown , he d seen a restaurant called the swift salad and thought a nice salad sounded appetizing .
on his way downtown , he d seen a restaurant called the swift salad and thought a nice salad sounded appetizing .
it turned out that it was actually a buffet having pizza , potatoes with various toppings , several different kinds of rolls , a couple different kinds of cornbread , and salads of all descriptions .
shelley picked at her salad and looked away from clendon and the wall mirror .
she fried some pork chops , made mashed potatoes and gravy , put together a wonderful salad and chrissy baked a fabulous angel food cake for dessert .
the price of the tickets entitled them to a full meal starting with a salad and their famous garlic and cheese biscuits .
i do have some sliced turkey if anyone would prefer that and there are greens for a salad or dressings for the sandwiches , too .
when the man sitting at a nearby table shook his head , karla dolloped a generous portion of tuna , sweetcorn and mayonnaise mix on it , arranged some salad around the plate , and carried it over to the table .
alongside it comes with a ` ` potato salad '' in a plastic container and two granola bars .
i would like the tiger prawn sashimi with ponzu balsamic dressing , fragrant shoot mixed salad with a hint of lemon and lime .
and can you combine the aubergine couscous with the salad , and make sure that there are extra pieces of fish in the main meal ?
he bought a pasta salad and a coke to stay awake .
the salad was dry but the coke made him perk up .
plus , they ate a lot of fruit and salads , and of course , chocolate .
its one of joys specialties and lynn made the fruit salad .
i see its chronic head suffering , with every yap , almost like a tossed salad .
tasia made a very tasty east texas favorite , crayfish touffe and shrimp over white rice , mixed green salads , and french bread .
without one glance at her notepad , jessica launched into monotone : for the starter , we have a grilled calamari salad , served over baby field greens and jicama .
he led her past a stretch table crammed with fried chicken , barbeque , potato salad , collards , slaw , biscuits , hushpuppies and cornbread .
as the menu had promised , his salad came with red onions .
the swinging door from the kitchen opened and an african - american woman entered with a tray that contained three plates of prime rib dinners with mashed potatoes , mixed vegetables and a salad .
his salad was untouched .
it 's extremely reliable , ernie said then ate some salad .
she said with hopeful eyes then ate some of her salad .
as with every day for the last year i had the amazing choice of salad or stew for dinner .
as i ate the salad i found myself wishing , for the thousand and tenth time , that i had some kind of salad dressing .
as i ate the salad i found myself wishing , for the thousand and tenth time , that i had some kind of salad dressing .
then she went into the kitchen and made a large salad with spinach , onions , tomatoes , mushrooms and tuna .
she took the salad and beer into the living room and consumed them while flipping channels through various programs , avoiding advertisements like drunks on a bus .
when the salad was done she clicked off the screen , got her roller blades , helmet and pads from a closet in her room .
when rick and gloria both said no he explained a little about the restaurant , when it started and how they made each salad at the table to the customers specifications .
then another waiter showed up rolling a small table used to make the table - side salad .
the rest of the salad was the same as glorias .
the salads were excellent as were the entrees .
as i piled high my plate with juicy salads and a veritable mound of barbecued meat , i got to chatting with mr macintosh - allistair as he insists i call him - who is in the amiable habit of circulating amongst the guests at meal times , cocktail in hand , in order to make small talk and see that everybodys needs are met , thus ensuring a pleasurable stay for one and all .
natasha grabbed a glass salad bowl from the cupboard under the counter .
one salad bowl was insufficient to hold all six kilos of rice ; so more bowls were hauled out to accommodate its mass .
i had his famous lasagna , while she picked at a roquefort salad - which looked extremely appetizing and crisp .
she presented a greek salad , which she 'd set over ice on the dining room table , alongside the hot tray , which held crisply coated fried hake and chips .
over her all - beige meal country fried steak with gravy , mashed potatoes with gravy , and rolls ( well , there was a little green salad ; pie would come later in the day ) she thought about storing all those nifty little items in the basement .
i always wonder why the menu says the chicken salad is seasonal , clare said .
i guess the old boys who come in for lunch do nt like to eat chicken salad in the winter , he said .
hannah went with the chicken scampi dish ; i ordered soup and salad .
then i remembered about procreation and was suddenly remotivated to get paul back to his green salad and iced tea .
or , keeping it light , i could tell about the time regina took over two racks of the employee lounge fridge so she could slide in her own personal lockbox to secure her imported salad dressing and designer water from those of us who consistently forgot to bring a sack lunch .
i prefer rice and stew mix with salad ; it gives me strength when i eat it .
rice mixed with salads .
` ` nothing else to do '' , john spluttered through a mouthful of meatball sub , spitting salad onto his trousers .
* * * after a piping hot shower , i headed down to the kitchen for lunch and chef jorges famous tuna salad .
his tuna salad was the tastiest way to cut the carbs and it was something i needed to do badly .
it 's a salad .
its staff cleaned and cooked up the pan fish caught by its customers and served them on plates covered with small red potatoes , green beans , and a simple mountain kale and onion salad .
her brain was more like a soft jello salad of juggled membranes .
inside , he ordered a taco salad and used his laptop with wi - fi internet connection to check the location of wanderer .
i pull a salad from the fridge : greens , carrots , tomatoes , quinoa , and chicken .
henry ordered oysters rockefeller , which we shared , and once that was gone , we feasted on salad , sea scallops , red rice , and vegetables .
i had nt expected to feed four adults , but it was easy enough to stretch things a bit if i made a big salad .
can you pick me up a grilled chicken salad ?
i put my head on one of the couchs armrests while his voice spoke in the distance about steaks and salads .
he even had to remake her salad because , while being distracted by her cleavage , he accidentally used the real bacon bits instead of the imitation ones .
as always , thomas ordered the half sandwich and soup combo , opting for the club sandwich with tomato soup and his daughter ordered a strawberry chicken salad .
also in the bag were some grilled pita bread , a tomato salad and some cheesecake .
she checked into the holiday inn , ate a salad from wendys in her room , and cried herself to sleep .
the grilled chicken salad for me .
i poured another cup of coffee , munching down a salad that i made out of organic produce .
with that , he started laughing a bit maniacally for my taste , but then i had nt had my digs tossed like a chopped salad .
the barman left to serve another customer , then returned a few minutes later with a large ham sandwich , garnished with salad and a succulent green pickle .
he pulled into a denny 's and ordered himself a salad and some coffee , sitting himself down in the corner away from the rest of the diners .
day sixdark oshea stared into his untouched salad .
only in summer , maybe with a good salad would i indulge .
john made some fruit salad .
alex insisted they eat some salad , which they fed to each other .
sienna : coffee and a fruit salad dish .
peter squeezed out diet - ranch dressing from a packet onto his large container of salad .
returning to her room veronica found a tray with a spinach salad , a club sandwich and a glass of chardonnay on it freshly prepared and just what she was in the mood for .
very well , lets go with the seared salmon , along with a caesar side salad .
i got a salad from the deli case and joined him at his table .
i picked at my salad .
i took a fork full of salad , thought about my little black dress ripping at the seam , but dipped the lettuce into ranch dressing anyway .
i stood and tossed my salad in the nearest receptacle .
it was nearing lunch now so i stopped at a local grocery store and got a chicken salad to go .
pretty much yes , as long as you add a salad , and the occasional drink .
a salad sounded much better than some canned vegetables .
after salad , lobster bisque , and curried shrimp , a small piece of seared pork belly was followed by ostrich in a truffle reduction , which in turn was trumped by poached chilean sea bass , bluefin tuna , fugu prepared by a master japanese chef skilled in the art of preparation of the poisonous pufferfish , and the final entre course of kobe beef filet .
she looked up at him from her salad .
she snapped , stuffing a mouthful of salad into her hole .
so , a salad with dressing , that ok ?
there s some quartered tomatoes , cottage cheese , lettuce , tuna salad , blackberries , brie , and some crackers .
i 'll have a cherry alcohol - free cocktail and some light salad , selena said without even opening the menu .
with a sigh , selena took a fork and began picking the salad .
the salad is nice , but right now food just gets stuck in her throat ...
she was cutting vegetables for the salad .
a grill is fired up , wine bottles are cracked open , enormous salads are mixed in bowls large enough to host one of those cancelled football games .
scott has the vegetable soup , james a salad and some chips .
she prepared a light salad for herself after rosemarie left .
sarah ordered a caesar salad with a mineral water and nathan wisely choose not to mention that he had had an ex - girlfriend who had worked there .
the girls ' plates were heaped with chilled chicken salad , tiny buttery green peas and dainty squares of gingerbread .
she walked into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator , how about adding a salad to the menu ?
she did the same for a plate of chicken breasts , and then added a pot of water to the stove to make some pasta salad .
the waiter returned for their lunch order , and michelle could still hear her own words echoing in her head.she really had spent most of her life as a dreamer.shed wanted to live in a fairy tale so badly that she had created a fantasy world.the self - deceit required to survive in such a world had cost her too many years of her life.no matter how badly she wanted a happy ending , bad situations would always result in bad outcomes.michelle made a decision.she ordered a seafood salad and a new attitude.she was no longer going to follow her emotions to their obvious destructive conclusion.the man was married.what the hell was she thinking ? she watched the attorney complete his order to the waiter.he was strikingly handsome and totally unavailable.she would conduct the rest of this luncheon as a business meeting.she had met with her attorney , nothing more .
i do nt know how you can eat fries at a time like this , '' jerry said.he had nt touched his salad , and the ice had all but melted away in his diet pepsi .
anyways , i knocked back the two beers and chased them down with egg salad .
i still had nt regained the weight i d lost and i could actually see the egg salad and bologna vying for position at the gates to my large intestine .
i ate the egg salad and the bologna .
alexs eyes darted to the salad menu and she bit her lip as she said , ill have the same .
mineral water and a salad for lunch .
she walked over to the roses and noticed the table had been set and a bowl of salad and steaming garlic bread were ready to eat .
he grabbed the tongs , tossed the salad and filled up her empty bowl .
` ` i fixed myself a salad earlier .
` ` we ' ve got salads , soups , hot plates , sandwiches and we still do a good business in hamburgers and fries .
eleven edwin , we hardly knew ye with a clunk of disdain , the scruffy waiter put the bowl of salad in front of caulder raines , then wiped his hand on his dirty cloth apron as if he had just touched something foul .
kendall 's was an unrepentantly backstreet burger and fries joint , and the waiter made it clear that people like caulder who preferred to lunch on small garden salads and hot tea had stumbled into the wrong place .
raking the man with a crisp , impersonal smile , caulder thanked the waiter , then instructed him to bring her some lemon slices for the salad and a fresh glass of ice water , this time in a clean glass if possible .
` ` i 'll bring the salad out when the steak 's ready , and we can eat out here . ''
when the steak was done , caulder brought out the salad and a pan of hot rolls .
today i was briefed by the prime minister himself over a tasty garden salad though lunch should have been something heavier for the job he was giving us .
special agent christopher prince stabbed at the one of his two chunks of grilled chicken from his salad .
no one in the deep south did soul food betterbut grilled chicken salad does nt quite fit the bill as soul food now does it ?
yet , he was walking as fast as his legs and a stomach full of grilled chicken salad and ginger ale would carry him a half a block over to where his car was parked .
ill have a caesar salad .
soups and salads are over there .
smoked salmon salad , mr . president , the man replied with a smile in his eyes .
presently heather sat down with chicken salad .
the free salad bar was a great idea too and kate looked forward to their meal almost as much as the chance to catch up with her friend .
she could make a salad to go with the pasta , at least .
then she served a salad .
claire made the salad in a wooden bowl that was getting cracked on one side .
she poured olive oil and red wine vinegar over the salad and tossed it with a couple of metal spoons .
devon finished up by cleaning the colander and salad bowl , then wiped the counters clean .
he did n't know who would bother going to a pizza place to order a salad , especially a pizza place as good as this one .
ill have tomato salad and olive toasts , she said to the waiter .
gram checked on the roast in the oven and carefully chopped the vegetables for the salad .
the serving area offered a few choices and a huge salad bar .
they certainly would make a great salad .
i cooked parker house roles , several salads , and the pies .
i added a salad and some iced tea and ate .
i preferred salad dressing over mayonnaise on my tuna , but i was nt complaining .
jackson ordered a salad and an iced tea as he kept an eye on the bank .
in another part of the bel air mansion , two hundred people dined on game hens , heart of palm salad , lobster bisque , and crme fraiche atop apple tartlets .
she sat , arranged her salad and skim milk , and looked sadly at bobby .
bobby dug into his salad , finishing it and a double order of enchiladas before mary was through with her soup .
he d had tasty plate lunches of white rice and spam , macaroni salad and mahi mahi .
she placed on a large kitchen table : potato salad , bowls of chips and tortillas , salsa , chip dip , a platter of cheese and crackers , and various types of finger foods .
he ordered himself a burger and fries while lidya ordered a salad drizzled with honey - dijon dressing with strips of crispy chicken .
the waitress set a plate of freshly baked bread on the tables center of the table and placed a bowl of caesar 's salad with homemade croutons and salad dressing in front of us .
the waitress set a plate of freshly baked bread on the tables center of the table and placed a bowl of caesar 's salad with homemade croutons and salad dressing in front of us .
waiters brought several entres , starting with a light - green salad , then plates of veal , steaks , and shrimp with couscous , wild rice , and roasted potatoes .
ill take a chicken salad .
thalia stabbed at her salad with a fork , eating one piece at a time .
she ensured every shred of food had a drizzle of salad dressing on it .
the canteen has been organised along the usual time and motion lines ; trays , soup and salads , hot cabinets , deserts , drinks .
a brief study of the goodies within the fridge resulted in chicken salad as her dinner .
bill put his plate in the microwave and started on the salad , which was an incredible mix of fruit and vegetables with a dressing that was sweet and sour .
wrought iron railings frame impossibly perfect gardens , in summer a mixture of blooming bougainvillea and sexually desirable secretaries munching organic salads with foldout forks .
i picked out underripe vegetables to toss the blandest salad ever .
i ate a salad when i first got home but if you want something , we can stop .
a salad is hardly anything to eat so how about a fat steak ?
they had wanted chef salads , but claude cursed them , and told them to eat barbecue or leave .
then he announced to the crowd these silly fools wanted chef salads .
mitch opted for a steak and salad .
` ` tuna salad will do it for me . ''
they ordered salad with light dressing and pasta with tomato sauce , no meat , no wine , no bread .
their salads arrived and they gawked at the baby spinach like famine refugees .
halfway through their salads , luther asked , ` ` any regrets ? ''
millie finally left , and they finished their salads .
small salads with tomatoes arrived , and the conversation returned to football and playing in america .
they met for lunch , and over large salads and crepes they talked for two hours .
they ordered salads , pappardelle with rabbit , and a bottle of chianti .
maddalena served salads of spinach and tomato , then small portions of a baked cod dish that would never be found in a cookbook from emilia - romagna .
reacher finished up his salad .
` ` i like salads , '' she said .
in england he lived on grilled soles , oeufs cocotte and cold roast beef with potato salad .
and fritz , i will just have the mixed salad with some cottage cheese . '
he took a long pull at it and ordered obufs gloria and a green salad .
as he expected , mr . paradise was the better value of the two , and as they went through the conventional shrimp cocktail , steak , fruit salad of the americanized hotel abroad , bond cheerfully got himself involved in an argument about the odds at roulette when there are one zero or two .
' soft - shell crabs with tartare sauce , flat beef hamburgers , medium - rare , from the charcoal grill , french - fried potatoes , broccoli , mixed salad with thousand - island dressing , icecream with melted butterscotch and as good a liebfraumilch as you can get in america .
' eyewash , ' said bond , and they finally ordered scrambled eggs and bacon and sausages , a salad , and some of the domestic camembert that is one of the most welcome surprises on american menus .
bond sat by himself and ate a grilled sole , a large mixed salad with his own dressing laced with mustard , some brie cheese and toast , and half a carafe of white bordeaux .
they sat in the hot tent and ate the chicken salad and drank beer , and moodily watched mr krest poking and peering about in the shallows .
they had eaten an enormous lunch of barbecue beef , chicken , chili and potato salad and lemonade , served on the terrace by uniformed butlers and maids .
it began with pate de foie gras with truffles , lobster bisque , crisp luck a l'orange and maxim 's special salad , and ended with champagne and a birthday cake .
first , there would be vichyssoise , followed by a lovely salad , then perhaps shrimp or lobster , or a chateaubriand , with delicate ices for dessert .
she would cook them something simple , steak and salad or oven - baked fish with rosemary roast potatoes , and they would eat on the terrace of her light - filled apartment overlooking the ocean .
he ordered a green salad andfricass,6e de lotte for both of them .
i 'll have a corned beef sandwich on rye with mustard , potato salad , and a danish . '' . '
want one lean corned beef sandwich on rye with mustard , potato salad , and a danish .
she discovered the steak and brew and roast - and - brew , where for a modest sum she was able to get a main course , all the salad she could eat , and all teh beer she could drink .
` ` pommes soufflees and an endive salad . ''
there was a salad with garbanzo beans , stuffed mushrooms , veal piccata , linguini and baked chicken .
over the salad , dino mattusi said , ` ` i find you fascinating , catherine .
atanas ordered a shrimp cocktail and a salad , a roast chicken with fried potatoes , and he finished off his lunch with chocolate cake with ice cream .
henry noticed that she was eating only a salad and he said , that 's not enough for you . ''
` ` i ' m going to order you a steak , some potatoes , and a caesar salad , '' henry said .
he ordered a salad for himself and an enormous meal for lois .
` ` i 'd like a shrimp salad and some hot tea , please . ''
tracy had spread out a tablecloth on a grassy area near the lake , and amy was happily munching on an egg salad sandwich .
andre gillian was in the kitchen making preparations for spaghetti alla carbonara , a large italian salad , and a pear torte when he heard a loud , ominous popping sound , and a moment later the comfortable hum of the central air conditioner trailed off into silence .
as andre went back to cutting paper - thin slices of salami and provolone cheese for the salad , he could not shake the terrible feeling that the evening was fated to be a disaster .
back in the kitchen , andre confided , ` ` i must finish preparing my salad dressing .
a crisp endive salad was next .
they ordered paillard de veau and torpille and salad and a bottle of valpolicella .
i 'll just have a salad .
miss peters is going to have a salad , and i ' m going to have a roast beef sandwich . ''
beth , go make yourself a salad . ''
along with the pot roast mary had prepared creamed mashed potatoes , fresh vegetables , and a salad .
foie gras to begin with , followed by a cream of mushroom soup under a delicate crust , fillets of john dory , and then the main course : lamb with rosemary and pommes souffles with french beans and a mesclun salad with hazelnut oil .
he had had a salad and a roast beef sandwich and ... my god , he thought , what 's happening to me ?
lamb cutlets with tomatoes , and sausage and potato salad and pickles .
it began with a delicious cold soup and salad , followed by fresh carp .
there were baked potatoes and yams and fresh peas in the pod , six kinds of salads , homemade hot biscuits , and corn bread with honey and jam .
they had a salad that george mixed at the table with a deft skill .
` ` i do n't know why you 're so interested in the menu , '' he said nastily , ` ` since you are n't invited to the party , but it 's coquille saint - jacques , chateaubriand , a bibb lettuce salad , brie , cappuccino and a birthday cake with alex 's favorite ice cream , neapolitan .
dinner consisted of coquille saint - jacques , chateaubriand , a bibb lettuce salad , brie , cappuccino and a birthday cake with neapolitan ice cream .
the meal began with gazpacho - the thick cold soup made from tomatoes , cucumbers , and water - soaked bread - followed by a salad of fresh greens , a huge dish of paella - rice , shrimp , chicken , and vegetables in a wonderful sauce - and ended with a delicious flan .
and he took her into the kitchen where she watched him skillfully put together a mexican omelette , french - fried potatoes , toasted english muffins , a salad , and coffee .
in it , he was an arrogant maitre d ' who prided himself on the way he mixed a salad , with the exaggerated gestures of a snobbish gourmet .
` ` there is no salad .
do we have any olives for the salad ? ''
` ` toss the salad , please , '' she said to ramona .
the salad was passed first , then the macaroni and cheese .
he met her in the cafeteria for a quick salad at 1:00 p.m. she was still imprisoned in the placid tomb , but mercifully three other rookies had been sent in to help with the grunt work .
doug went a bit heavier with a salad of maine lobster with fennel and black trumpet mushrooms .
a waiter appeared and placed small green salads before them .
they ate their salads , and a quietness settled around them .
he sipped his water , and was about to speak when the waiter appeared and rapidly placed a large bowl of green salad between them .
she was suddenly interested in the salad , which she served on her plate and began cutting into small pieces .
buster moac had consumed two dozen raw oysters , then a greek salad , then a large rib eye and a few other courses .
she dialed room service , and ordered a mexican salad and a bottle of red wine .
but for that to happen , i need randy driver 's full and complete cooperation : ' the waiter appeared with the chopped salads .
the dci tucked into his salad , looked at the resulting piece of glistening tomato impaled on the tines of his fork .
halfway through the salads soraya said , ` ` we ' ve intercepted some unconventional chatter in the last couple of days .
inside , he ate an indifferent meal of an oriental salad and almond - crusted chicken breast .
' i 'll tell you what 's more than nuts - mine and yours in a crushed salad .
yes , okay , i 'd like a salad with tomatoes and a half portion of lasagna .
she and luigi stopped smoking when the salads arrived .
the salads arrived and they were quiet for a moment .
they agreed on the salad and franco was off to welcome the next guests .
room service delivered a late lunch of soups and salads .
apart from that there were a bunch of unit awards and a whole salad bowl of medal ribbons dating way back through vietnam and korea , some of which he had probably earned the hard way , and some of which he probably had n't .
mitch picked at his plate , ate his salad slowly and listened as his partner talked about most of the other people present for lunch .
he savored another tangy bite of salad and washed it down with a sweet red wine .
wyatt finished his salad as cadillac one sped toward the intersection .
he recalled the price of the salad , compensated for the wine , added a 30 percent tip - he prided himself on being generous - and laid down a fifty - dollar bill .
this went on until the salads arrived .
clay was devouring his salad with a new purpose .
their steaks arrived just when the salads were finished , thus sparing clay another tortured moment of conversation with nothing to stuff in his mouth .
on july 2 , a monday , bonnie and company prepared a light lunch of salads and pizzas .
she 's pleasant enough and over salads gives me her spiel .
at dark , i walk down the street and eat a salad at a fast - food place .
deck drives with one hand , eats with the other , and twitches , jerks , grimaces and talks across half of memphis with a glob of chicken salad stuck to the corner of his mouth .
our salads arrive , and i cram romaine lettuce into my mouth .
he would not eat tuna salad for the next six weeks .
` ` sorry to interrupt , sir , '' nicholas said , stopping at the edge of the table , a table covered with warm bread and leafy salads and large glasses of iced tea .
nicholas left the courthouse on foot , and stopped , coincidentally , at o'reilly 's deli on the vieux marche , where he purchased a half - pound of smoked turkey and a container of pasta salad .
as mr . o'reilly finished unpacking a container of pasta salad , he said , ` ` i 'll be happy to bring over some plates and forks on monday .
tuesday 's smorgasbord was either fried chicken or broiled snapper , with salads and plenty of vegetables .
loreen duke tired of picking at her chicken salad .
the waiter brought salads , and we began eating .
it was not a soup kitchen ; the plates were filled with corn , potatoes , a slice of something that was either turkey or chicken , fruit salad , bread .
he was eating a prepackaged salad at a bright orange plastic table , across the highway from the beach .
he finally gave up on the salad and called fog .
the steward cleared the oyster shells and presented a crab - meat salad .
the women from the kitchen have begun to circulate through the tables with big black garbage bags , for soon they must retire to their domain to prepare the evening 's great feast of potato salad , mashed potatoes , creamed potatoes , baked beans , jell - o salad , marshmallow salad , and whipped - cream salad , plus of course more mighty strawberry shortcake !
the women from the kitchen have begun to circulate through the tables with big black garbage bags , for soon they must retire to their domain to prepare the evening 's great feast of potato salad , mashed potatoes , creamed potatoes , baked beans , jell - o salad , marshmallow salad , and whipped - cream salad , plus of course more mighty strawberry shortcake !
the women from the kitchen have begun to circulate through the tables with big black garbage bags , for soon they must retire to their domain to prepare the evening 's great feast of potato salad , mashed potatoes , creamed potatoes , baked beans , jell - o salad , marshmallow salad , and whipped - cream salad , plus of course more mighty strawberry shortcake !
the women from the kitchen have begun to circulate through the tables with big black garbage bags , for soon they must retire to their domain to prepare the evening 's great feast of potato salad , mashed potatoes , creamed potatoes , baked beans , jell - o salad , marshmallow salad , and whipped - cream salad , plus of course more mighty strawberry shortcake !
a couple of good steaks , a nice bottle of wine , grilled mushrooms , a big salad .
an appetizer of bop here , a salad of spiritual music there , perhaps a dash of perry como way down at the foot of the dial : hot - diggity , dog - diggity , boom what - ya - do - to - me .
` ` a little bit of sauerkraut in your salad , mein friend , ja ? ''
` ` i ' ve got chicken and i could put together a nice salad .
it was just past twelve - thirty p.m. 10 the lunch was very nice , charlie ate like a horse - three helpings of chicken with gravy , two of norma manders 's hot biscuits , a side dish of salad , and three of her home - canned dill pickles .
our salads arrived , so we unhitched hands and picked up our forks with some relief .
` ` this lunch is a washout , we have n't eaten half our salad , '' he pointed out .
` ` i ' ve never heard of anything quite like this , '' he said after our salad had been served .
it 's hard to perform like hannah housewife when you ' ve had no warning , but i microwaved a frozen ham and cheese sandwich , poured some potato chips out of a bag , and scraped together a rather depressing salad .
out of sheer boredom , i have cooked a roast and baked potatoes and made a salad .
roast , biscuits , baked potatoes , a salad , and for desert '' - sally took off a cake cover with a flourish - ` ` red velvet cake ! ''
` ` well , '' marcia said , as she poured dressing on the salad and tossed it , ` ` everyone but the inces , whose house is on the two lots across from macon and us .
tonight she 'd picked chicken baked in a white sauce , green beans , homemade rolls , sweet potato casserole , and a tossed salad .
after a moment , i asked sally how her chef salad was .
mostly she would fill up on salad and bread and tiramisu .
picking at a salad and occasionally sipping from a glass of wine , she spent most of the meal either reading a dog - eared copy of anna karenina or staring out the window as dusk settled over the siberian landscape .
he came with a platter piled with a spinach - and - beetroot salad and a club sandwich stuffed with steak , chicken , bacon , and a fried egg - the four essential food groups .
burgers , fries , bad salads , mormons .
each churchgoer carried a paper plate laden with baked spaghetti , a yeast roll , a salad of wet lettuce and shredded carrots , and a styrofoam cup of sweet tea .
she sat at that same table fifteen feet away , engrossed in a textbook , a tray of half - eaten salad pushed aside .
turned his frontal lobe to egg salad . ''
they ate a salad in vinegar and oil that fraina called svejie ovoshy .
they got through the salads pleasantly enough .
rosalinda was nibbling at a salad .
` ` potato salad , hamburgers , sausages , and steak .
alex glanced back , a slightly surprised expression on her face , but she answered , ` ` inside draining the potatoes for potato salad .
i just have to finish draining these and run them under cold water then mix everything up and the potato salad will be done . ''
i was just coming in to see if the potato salad would be much longer . ''
when the potato salad came by , he served her two large scoops , leaving a small mountain of the snowy dish on her plate .
mix up a salad to go with it and you have a meal .
he frowned as she ordered a calzone with a side salad and then said , ` ` make sure it 's enough for two . ''
` ` no , '' armand muttered , watching him stab some salad and eat it .
` ` that 's coq au vin , and some sort of salad , '' alex announced , pointing to his dish .
i 'll pop it in ten minutes before we eat , but maybe you can start on a salad for me ? ''
` ` we have lasagna , chili , garlic bread , salad , potato salad , and then hamburgers and hot dogs on the barbecue .
nicole tilted her head briefly , considering the question , and then said , ` ` maybe a sandwich or salad or something .
` ` it 's chicken with a creamy mustard sauce , dilled potatoes , asparagus with butter and lemon , and a light cranberry salad , '' jake read off a piece of paper held to the refrigerator door by a magnet as he opened the wine in front of the door .
you are safe with me , '' he said quietly , then smiled wryly and added , ` ` and the caeser 's salad with extra garlic that you ordered at the airport restaurant was completely unnecessary .
the memory of him was a glow on the back of my eyelids , fading when the first door creaked open and harsh electric light made a long rectangle , shining on my untouched salad and my swollen knees .
even the picture of babies dressed up as fruit salad could n't make me smile .
' do you think i could get a salad ? '
she brought in large bowls of a cold pasta dish and a veggie - filled green salad .
we dished up our meals with the food the boys had caught , and then we all sat around the campfire and ate the fish with some rolls , a green salad and a bottle of wine .
` ` i ' m making this fruit salad .
it must be the fruit salad you are making .
he was staring in the window while i was making the salad .
how long had he been outside her house watching her make her fruit salad for the party ?
she shook her head when he would have poured her a glass of wine and applied herself to her shrimp salad and the small talk that seemed to make her occasional dates happy .
his mouth was mere inches from hers , and under his mouthwash and breath mints alexandria could smell everything he had eaten for dinner - the pasta with garlic , the salad with tarragon - vinegar dressing , the red wine and coffee and mint .
he seemed to notice her for the first time , and frowned as if he 'd found a spider in his salad .
but my new favorite detective seemed happy enough to be there , joking with his boss and eating a salad with low - fat dressing .
i stiffened , turning to the picture above the table of babies dressed up as a fruit salad .
they smelled sharply of vinegar , and i wondered at sara jane 's choice of salad dressing .
midnight jazz goes very well with crickets , i thought as i sprinkled the chopped tomato on the tossed salad .
content , i juggled the salad , a bottle of dressing , and the steak sauce and backed out the screen door .
ivy looked up from the newsprint as i set the salad and bottles beside her .
it was a sprawling building , home to a large study area with long tables and groupings of chairs , and it featured a bookstore , a cafeteria that served fantastic grilled cheese sandwiches and salads , and a pretty decent coffee bar .
a glass of water cost three bucks and a lousy house salad was twelve - or so i 'd heard .
it was his supper , my lunch , and both delicious , and even more so since i had n't done anything but make the salad .
besides mrs . casnoff picking at her salad at the head of the table , there were five other adults -- two men and three women .
she swallowed the last bite of salad , then poured another half glass of chianti , and settled back with a sigh .
chapter eight leah was drizzling more dressing onto her grilled chicken salad when abby looked toward the cafeteria door and grinned .
leah concentrated on her salad to give the two lovebirds some privacy .
leah took a big bite of salad .
she turned back , focusing on her salad .
leah pushed her salad around with her plastic fork .
she filled the awkward pause by taking a bite of her salad .
she swallowed her salad without tasting it .
three more nights had passed , and he was sitting with her in the kitchen while she ate a grilled chicken salad he 'd teleported in from the romatech cafeteria .
leah took a bite of salad .
she sat at a table next to abby and dug into her salad .
the same had been true for some of the slices of freshly cooked turkey , as well as parts of the green salad .
gabrielle and i just made some sandwiches and a fruit salad .
as in dang this salad is good . ''
yes , i accepted a small serving of salad , claiming i was a vegetarian .
of course , i just picked at my salad and scattered it around and pretended to eat , all while i spat it back in my napkin .
i scattered the salad sufficiently and allison , bless her heart , reached over and picked at my salad as well .
i scattered the salad sufficiently and allison , bless her heart , reached over and picked at my salad as well .
as i pushed my salad away , feigning fullness , the young man sitting next to allison looked at it , then at my nearly finished goblet of wine .
once elena final y made herself a salad , he led her to the empty table he 'd spotted .
` ` it was al right , '' elena said , beginning to eat her salad .
flowers had packed salads and breads and desserts for them , as wel as meat and corn to gril on a hibachi stefan had brought from the boardinghouse .
` ` it 's a chicken casserole , and there 's some salad .
i think cheese tortellini with salad will be great .
ivy ordered a burger , and olivia asked for a greek salad with extra tomatoes .
olivia thought about it while she started eating her salad .
` ` tofu burger with salad ? ''
` ` we were talking about building another fire on the way back , '' harper announced as he claimed a seat at the table and snatched a bit of salad from elvi 's plate .
we ate at a very california type of cafe , that served all organic sandwiches and salads .
without even thinking about it , i 'd ordered an inexpensive salad - simply because it sounded good .
had that been the real price of my salad ?
enough for three on the salad , obviously . ''
` ` i did order a salad for the table .
a waitress came by , and i ordered diet coke and a salad .
i did n't want to go too crazy , but i could allow myself a little indulgence since i ordered a salad .
the salad was tiny , so i agreed to see the dessert menu after dinner .
the men congregated around the large gas barbecue that belonged to paul and jeanne louise 's cottage while the women moved between the cottages making potato salad and macaroni salad and gathering chips and drinks .
she 'd fed again on both cecily and sharon while they 'd prepared the salads for dinner , but needed more .
a salad made out of fresh produce from local farmers .
` ` here 's what i have in mind for salads and the soup ... ` ` she examined his choices , approved most .
her guests had been pleased with the artful display of the salad in the plates chosen , the tiny bouquets he 'd put at each place setting .
they did not blink as they came to collect the salads from which only a mouthful or two had been consumed , to return with soups that would be barely touched .
she tried to hide that , and act like she was nt quaking on the inside like a jell - o fruit salad .
a salad that seemed to be made of more wild plants than lettuce - flowers and what looked like weeds .
` ` ham and cheese , chicken salad , some nice crisp carrots , and a big hunk of apple pie .
elena immediately picked up a chicken salad sandwich and bit into it .
bonnie and meredith had already spread a cloth for a picnic , and the ants were sampling sandwiches and grapes and low - fat pasta salad .
flowers said as she began to make ham sandwiches , potato salad , and a large kettle of baked beans .
at lunch the waiter brought me a garden salad and a tuna melt for my dad .
we got my salad to go as i could n't chew on it and the tennis metaphors at the same time .
connor picked up her glass and salad bowl .
` ` you cut these up and put them in salads , on pizza , and in sauces .
you can put them in salads or eat them like candy . ''
i finish up the basil and toss it in with the rest of the pasta salad .
` ` then she can get a salad , '' i say .
i munch my salad and peter watches .
between their talking and the chopping sound as i make a salad , the house feels kinda peaceful .
i have geometry first and english in the afternoon , which is kind of like eating a cyanide salad and having red velvet cake after .
i grab a cucumber from the salad she 's making , but she slaps my hand when i go for another .
i take a bite of my salad .
i order a grilled cheese and a salad , but make up for it by getting fries .
we both get into line and i buy a salad .
` ` oh , no reason , '' i say , poking at my salad .
i take a bite of my salad , chewing the lettuce drenched in ranch dressing that tastes like garbage on its way down my throat .
we all pig out on the lasagna and salad and ice cream and crash on the couch , flipping through the channels to find something we can all deal with .
kind of like putting barbecue sauce on salads .
he only had to turn his head to the right to see the girl who emerged from the kitchen carrying two salads .
she set the salads in front of them , returned to the counter to get two packages of dressing , and took the packages back to the table along with a basket of crackers .
the tuna salad and crackers raquel and i had shared was n't nearly enough to satisfy my hunger ; i 'd need to eat again in my room .
pulling a water bottle from the fully loaded fridge , she was debating between a salad and a tuna sandwich when a husky voice whispered in her ear .
tossing a handful of dried cranberries into the large salad she 'd chopped in a bowl , she was debating whether or not to make a couple of grilled cheese sandwiches when a male voice whispered directly in her ear .
` ` how about the light salad and fettuccine alfredo ? ''
she had never been a big fan of salads , had always found them pretty bland , but he concocted some kind of homemade salad dressing that was absolutely delicious .
she had never been a big fan of salads , had always found them pretty bland , but he concocted some kind of homemade salad dressing that was absolutely delicious .
` ` i brought a salad , '' lindsay said .
` ` we have side salads . ''
a few minutes later , nicole returned with only a single salad and one small container of low - calorie vinaigrette .
i sighed and drizzled the dressing over my salad , and while i dug into my rabbit food , she told me what she knew .
she told me to hold on and i did , finishing off the rest of the salad .
i scattered the chunks around my plate , hiding some under my salad .
` ` fine , '' she said , and happily dug into her salad .
it had , of course , been a long , long time since i 'd had anything like a salad .
still , the salad , with all its bright veggies and leafy greens , looked incredible ... and crispy .
she blushed and gave me a half - smile and busied herself with her salad .
i was chopping cucumbers for the salad .
too much mayo in the chicken salad for my taste .
behind the glass partition , workers made chicken salad sandwiches on sourdough bread , ladled up bowls of potato soup , and cut slices of bright blackberry pies and moist , golden mountain dew cakes .
the remains of a cobb salad littered a plate on the table , along with a frosted mug half - full of blood , a cup of chocolate milk , a pitcher of lemonade , and several glasses .
sophia gave him another minuscule smile , then moved over to the double sink , where she was draining a colander of elbow macaroni to make some salad .
that 's why i 'd made chicken salad sandwiches on thick , honey - wheat bread , along with a fresh fruit salad .
that 's why i 'd made chicken salad sandwiches on thick , honey - wheat bread , along with a fresh fruit salad .
celery , apples , golden raisins , lemon zest , and a sour cream - mayo dressing flavored the chicken salad , while the crusty bread provided crunch and contrast .
i alternated with bites of my strawberry - and - kiwi fruit salad , tossed with lime juice , vanilla , and just a hint of honey .
jo - jo dished up the lasagna , along with a caesar salad and some garlic breadsticks .
bria opted for the pork pit 's most excellent grilled cheese sandwich , along with some potato salad and a piece of strawberry pie - the final slice that finn had n't managed to scarf down yet .
instead , he raised his coffee mug and gestured to a dwarf who was chopping long green ribs of celery to add to the macaroni salad she was mixing up .
` ` well , right now , i want a sweet iced blackberry tea , a bacon cheeseburger , potato salad , baked beans , and a slice of that cherry pie in the cake stand .
he ate them all at once , taking a bite of burger , then one of potato salad , then beans , and finally one of pie , instead of waiting to eat his dessert after he finished everything else .
i finished with the lettuce and moved on to the next vegetable on my list , potatoes that needed to be peeled and cubed so i could make another batch of potato salad .
in addition to the deep - fried macaroni , he was also scarfing down baked phyllo cups stuffed with creamy gourmet chicken - apple salad , pineapple boats piled high with a light , airy mixture of cream cheese and toasted slivered almonds , and mini fruit tarts topped with fresh blackberries , raspberries , and strawberries .
bria ordered a burger topped with spicy chili and sharp cheddar cheese , onion rings , potato salad , and a vanilla bean milkshake to go with her slice of peach pie .
the dark chocolate mousse pie , the fried chicken salad sandwiches , the chocolate - dipped fruit .
i figured that we could all use some comfort food , so i whipped up a succulent supper of country - fried ham , sharp cheddar mac and cheese , a crunchy summer salad of cucumbers and tomatoes , and mashed potatoes made with buttermilk , piled high with sour cream , and sprinkled generously with dill .
the two of them were scarfing down cheeseburgers with all the fixings , along with crispy steak - cut fries , coleslaw , potato salad , and some double - chocolate - chip cookies that i 'd baked fresh that morning .
still , my nerves were frayed , and i tapped my fingers on the brick wall , like a junkie in need of a fix , as i watched sophia whip up my target 's barbecue pork sandwich , potato salad , onion rings , and lemonade .
sebastian ordered a barbecue beef sandwich , baked beans , and some macaroni salad , along with a cheeseburger , fries , and a triple chocolate milkshake for charlotte .
in between us , sophia stood at the counter , mixing up some macaroni salad .
sophia fixed silvio 's food , and catalina set the plates in front of him , which included a grilled cheese sandwich and side orders of onion rings , potato salad , and fried green tomatoes .
the waitress handed me the ticket for their burgers , potato salads , onion rings , and sweet iced teas , and i spent the next few minutes fixing their food .
brenna came in and got a bowl of salad out of the fridge .
i ordered a twenty - two - dollar salad and the waiter departed .
my salad consisted of leaves of lettuce , tastefully arranged to frame the thin slivers of orange , and a scattering of other greenery .
` ` how 's your salad ? ''
i poked at my salad , looked up , and saw crest glancing past my shoulder .
i pushed away my mostly intact salad .
` ` so it 's like an egg salad .
it does n't taste like an egg salad . ''
i 'd added some sauteed mushrooms and a salad just in case what i had was n't enough .
at least the salad was supposed to be cold .
chapter 4 becca ordered a salad for her entree .
sophia and catalina took care of the rest of the customers while i fixed up my friends ' food - a grilled - cheese sandwich and sweet - potato fries for silvio , a fried - chicken salad slathered with honey - mustard dressing for finn , and a double - bacon cheeseburger and onion rings for owen , with triple - chocolate milkshakes all around .
she was still talking to emery , although she had seen the commotion surrounding finn , since everyone in the restaurant was now looking at him like he was a few bananas short of a fruit salad .
i popped my neck , placing my napkin on my lap as a server brought a salad for me from the cart like everyone else had in front of them , and dominic 's hand instantly moved to the back of my neck , massaging softly .
jack asked as he placed his fork aside , done with his salad , reminding me that i needed to eat my own quickly before the server took it away .
` ` it 's , '' dominic paused to chew a bite of his salad , taking his hand away from my neck to dab at his mouth with his napkin , ` ` very helpful . ''
i breathed slowly , but quickly inhaled my salad until i felt dominic 's eyes on me .
i choked on my salad and quickly scrambled to grab my coke .
king kincaid could n't be more cheerful about it , though , which he expressed for , like , the third time before the salads were even placed in front of us .
` ` can i get you a salad to go with that ? ''
` ` well , there 's no food in the house , '' kari said , ` ` and i ' m too tired to go out , so ... '' she reached for the phone and ordered spaghetti , garlic bread , a small pizza , and a salad from pizza joe 's .
she left the pizza in the box , filled two bowls with salad and two glasses with milk , placed everything on the table , and then sat down across from ana luisa .
` ` a turkey sandwich and a small salad , please , and a glass of iced tea . ''
they had provided food , of course , finger sandwiches , cheese and crackers , fruit salad , and drinks .
` ` i 'd just as soon order a pizza and a salad and stay in . ''
i also ordered you a salad and a coke . ''
sitting on the sofa , she nibbled at the salad , drank half the coke , then threw the remains of the salad and the drink against the door .
sitting on the sofa , she nibbled at the salad , drank half the coke , then threw the remains of the salad and the drink against the door .
and no food , she thought as her stomach growled , reminding her that all she 'd had to eat since breakfast the day before was a few bites of salad .
as she filled her plate with salad , daisy wondered how erik would get into the restaurant without being burned by the sun , and what excuse he would use for not eating .
munching on a slice of bread smothered in butter and honey , she wondered if he ever missed real food - meat and potatoes , fresh peas and corn , hamburgers and hot dogs , potato salad , freshly baked bread warm from the oven , cakes and cookies , pie and ice cream , grapes and strawberries , malts and sodas and all the other good things to eat and drink that she took for granted .
she was n't really hungry enough for another piece , but the combination of sauce , cheese , and thick crust eased the hollowness in her belly in a way the steak and spinach salads could n't .
not that she was n't grateful for the choice pieces of meat that had been cooked for her throughout the day or the salads that had been made .
` ` you 're supposed to have bread and salad and other things with it , '' meg said .
you 'd better eat the rest of my salad , too , '' she teased .
she 'd managed to down one slice of thin pepperoni and cheese and eat half her salad before she started feeling self - conscious from the occasional twitching stares .
she took another bite of salad and hoped that if they managed to do it , they 'd let her in on the secret .
` ` garden salad , but make sure that it is freshly washed , and no dressing , '' melissa told him .
melissa shook her head as she sat back in her seat , shoving the remains of her salad aside .
` ` you can put the salad together , '' his mother pointed to the fridge .
` ` nothing more than usual , '' ashe shrugged , dumping salad dressing mix in the prescribed amount of oil , capping the container and shaking it .
sali and ashe grabbed plates , put burgers together and loaded any space left with potato salad , baked beans and chips .
the cook had prepared barbecued ribs and chicken for the crowd , with potato salad , baked beans , rolls and apple pie for dessert .
` ` i love your mother 's tuna salad , '' dori patted ashe on the back .
they 'd gotten home a quarter to seven and adele set about making dinner for herself and ashe - spaghetti with garlic bread and salad .
` ` i 'll have the roast beef - dinner with mashed potatoes , spinach and a dinner salad , '' adele handed the menu back to their waitress .
dinner was finished and ashe had eaten every scrap of his t - bone , salad and mashed potatoes when aedan walked through the door into the kitchen , a tall , dark - haired vampire right behind him .
franklin drove us to a restaurant first , where he and greg ate a nice meal and i had a salad and a glass of wine .
kelvin ordered chicken and ribs ; i ordered a salad and the soup du jour .
leigh asked me what happened to my salad after i ate it and i told her .
i 'd only ordered the salad and a glass of wine .
winkler ordered the chicken - fried steak , along with mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans and ranch on his salad .
i had no idea how she kept her pretty figure ; they had appetizers , salads and three entrees between them .
just as a practical joke , i threw in a couple bags of salad , fruit juice , bananas and apples , plus a few gourmet cheeses .
i ordered the least amount of food i could - a small salad and a bowl of gumbo , picking at it for the most part .
the cadillac was almost out of gas so i filled it up while i was in town and then bought what i needed to make lasagna , garlic bread and a nice salad .
he was cutting up fruit for a fruit salad when i walked in .
it makes people eat salads instead of candy bars , and makes them go to bed early of their own free choice .
nanna just smiles and shakes her head whenever i ask , ` ` what kind of salad dressing would you like ? ''
he hands me a bowl of soup and a small plate of chicken salad , and my stomach rumbles at the sight of hot food .
` ` says the guy who just ate three taco salads , '' calliope says .
we must order half the menu : tiny melt - in - your - mouth cheese puffs , thick slabs of pate that probably have more calories than you 're supposed to eat in a day , goat cheese salad and mussels in white wine and steak bearnaise and a whole sea bass with its head still attached and creme brulee and mousse au chocolat .
she sent back the salad she 'd ordered ( ` ` like i want to choke down that rabbit crap '' ) and ordered cheese - and - mushroom quesadillas , pork - stuffed burritos with extra sour cream and guacamole , an order of chimichangas for the table to split , and another round of margaritas .
at dinner my mom 's extra nice to me because she thinks i ' m going through breakup trauma , and izzy and i order half the menu and wind up full on edamame and shrimp shumai and tempura and seaweed salad before the meal even comes .
she was nervous , i could tell and so she was playing it safe with a salad .
and while i got a salad too- because obviously vegetables were important- i also grabbed a grilled cheese , a piece of pizza , a baked potato and a banana .
britte asked around a bite of salad .
room service delivers a spinach salad and the television plays music videos , volume low .
i dribbled dressing over my salad , vowing to squeeze in a long run in the morning .
dad countered , following that with a harrumph as he stabbed a forkful of salad and stuffed it in his mouth .
` ` i ' m , uh , going to finish my salad in my room . ''
i have n't so much as looked at a fast food burger in three months , and i ' ve already planned a room - service salad for my lunch .
she crunches through a salad of mostly raw veggies while i eat as many rol ed up slices of meat as i can stomach .
kathryn 's charged me with assembling a fruit salad to keep me occupied ( read : i ' m driving her up the wall with my anxious patrolling around the house ) .
they both fell silent when the waitron brought my salad .
i took a mouthful of salad and chewed .
` ` i did n't know you were coming , but we 'll make do , '' she says , which is nice , so we all grab quick showers and then eat a chicken salad dinner .
` ` your father 's removing the steaks from the grill , and i ' m putting the salad together .
i smiled nervously as he sat across from me , a colorful salad in front of us .
sara was taking bites from a slice of red pepper that she 'd plucked from a cutting board while anna cut up ingredients for a salad .
` ` it 's great to see you , emma , '' anna offered , mixing the contents of the salad in a bowl .
cut up the salad and fruit .
i caught a glimpse of evan standing at the grill with nate and jared when i brought out another salad to set on the long table .
it was hard to remember that he was the same person who used to sit with me for hours on the shores of lake moultrie , eating chicken salad sandwiches and teaching me how to cast a fishing line .
tonight i just wanted to remember chicken salad sandwiches and ten and two and a time when my dad ate his shredded wheat in the kitchen , joking around with me .
she was standing at the kitchen counter tossing a salad so hard i thought she was going to shatter our cracked glass bowl .
past the table covered with a hundred basketball cupcakes , past the punch bowl with little plastic basketballs frozen into the ice ring , past the chicken salad sandwiches made into basketballs with little round cookie cutters , savannah was the biggest decoration of all .
` ` bring me the pork with the steamed rice instead of the potatoes , and the vegetable medley instead of the salad , and coffee with skim milk , not cream .
she eats like a bird , pecking at the organic greens and mushrooms her salad had been made with .
hannah places her fork in her salad and daintily wipes one corner of her mouth .
i swallow the last bite of my chicken salad and look at the top for a moment .
the auction items were a mixed salad of stolen museum pieces - a chagall drawing , the dried uvula of some beheaded saint , a matched set of tusks from a mature african bull elephant .
john piled our plates with catfish and potato salad , boasting that the catfish breading was a ` ` secret recipe '' passed down through generations .
the waitress had arrived with salad and then it was yes , cheese on the salad and yes , we need more refills and sure , bring another basket of breadsticks .
the waitress had arrived with salad and then it was yes , cheese on the salad and yes , we need more refills and sure , bring another basket of breadsticks .
dale frowned , picking croutons out of his salad and putting them on mine .
we sit in the backyard while the housekeeper runs in and out of the house with plates and plates of food - coleslaw and potato salad and other barbecue stuff - and her father turns out spare ribs and hamburgers on the enormous smoking grill .
i remember : portland beaches , kite flying , macaroni salads , summertime picnics , my mother 's hands , a lullaby - voice singing me to sleep .
it 's caviar and crackers with some sort of greek salad .
` ` salad is for rabbits .
lora flops on the other side of me with a salad .
he wore a plastic glove and grabbed handfuls of lettuce for the salad .
jack dropped his salad back in the bucket .
jack kept his eyes on my face as he served the salad .
i raced through a dinner of pizza and wilted salad with my dad and tommy .
women sylvie 's age , cluttered at the waitstaffed cafe tables , picking at cobb salads .
` ` it 's been forever since i had conch , but the crab salad sounds good , too .
` ` i 'll have the stuffed chicken breast with a side salad , please . ''
after making some chicken salad sandwiches and distractedly throwing together two cherry cokes , haven headed into the family room .
she tosses a crouton from her salad at me and i laugh .
she walked through the grand hall like she owned the place ( as usual ) , picked up a plain green salad with no dressing ( as usual ) , and walked to our table .
macey returned to her salad while mr . solomon added , ` ` et n'oubliez pas , mesdemoiselles , ce soir vous etes des civils- ressemblez - y . ''
i ask , looking at the chicken breast in the salad .
we ' ve been getting our own trays now , since he seems to think i want nothing but salad .
today i do n't take a salad , especially because the lunchroom lady gladys is watching me like a hawk .
i nibble on bread and choke down the israeli salad ( which does n't have any lettuce -- what 's up with that ?
when he final y picks up a fork and starts eating his salad , the rest of us start shoveling food into our mouths as if we actual y are those poor starving somali children .
` ` it was no big deal , '' i say , pushing my salad around on my plate with a fork .
at lunchtime i head to the cafeteria , which always smel s like a mixture of meatloaf and salad dressing , like those odors have seeped into the concrete wal s and tile floor .
i grab a slice of pizza , a salad , and a couple cartons of chocolate milk .
so i ignore dad and crunch on my salad .
i spoon some salad and macaroni onto my plate , then grab a few pieces of bread .
dad stares down at his plate , chewing on his salad .
water is lapping over rocks and crickets are chirping as ty reaches into a backpack and pul s out sub sandwiches , potato salad , and chocolate - chip cookies , my favorite .
i could toss a salad to go with it .
i ' m making a salad to go with it , so i 'll have something to eat after my small portion of casserole .
by lunch , i ca n't even eat the chicken salad mom made .
cindy brings sandwiches , chicken salad , and cookies to the table .
dad takes a bite of chicken salad .
up at the manor house , ethan is helping his mom plate the salads while mr . and mrs . goodwin greet their guests in the parlor .
i set the wine bottle on a sideboard and begin helping paula pass out salads .
inside enzo 's , vee and i placed orders for iced mochas and spicy pecan salads , and plopped down with our food at a table .
` ` lasagna , garlic bread , and a jell - o salad , '' said mom with a smile .
` ` nora made the salad . ''
` ` nora made the salad , '' mom assured scott .
` ` pass the salad , blythe ? ''
salad , cheese slices , jell - o salad .
there was watermelon , which we kept cool in a bucket of ice , and a salad made with vegetables from the organic farm that some of mom and dad 's friends had started .
vanessa orders a salad ; i order a beer .
our waiter delivers vanessa 's salad .
stavros lays down a bunch of plates in front of mia , a salad , a spinach pie , french fries , rice pudding .
even the redcap on the table locked up , then fell into a bowl of fruit salad .
` ` may i suggest to start , a salad with some asparagus and smoked salmon . ''
we sit in silence until the waiter returns to deliver the salad with a flourish befitting the beautiful dish : a still life of pink salmon , green asparagus , yellow mustard sauce , and toast points scattered around the side of the plate like blossoms .
on behalf of that hungry girl , i refuse the salad .
talking about , or not talking about , all this makes me so tired i want to put my head down into my thirteen - dollar salad .
i order a delicious salad with beets that 's so beautiful i take a picture of it to text my mom .
i brave the metro and get off in the marais quarter and go to one of the cafes along the beautiful place des vosges , where i order a salad and a citron presse , adding plenty of sugar this time .
` ` i 'll have a diet coke and a side salad , mrs . armstrong , '' brianne says .
mom leaves to enter the orders , and i ' m left with my salad - eating cousin , ex - friends ... and my french dip , pea soup , fries and gravy .
after mom brings their side salads and leaves us alone for two minutes , brianne flashes me a sly smile .
` ` what kind of salads do you have ? ''
` ` no salads .
no talking about salads , and i do n't even want to hear the word ' carb . '
she added noodles to her plate , along with a side of salad .
i poked my salad around my plate .
` ` you going to eat that salad ? ''
i ca n't head to the gym on my side of town or i 'll run into mom and her posse of gym rat friends who spend every afternoon running off the dry salads they picked at for lunch .
sitting on the table is a lasagna , salad and bread sticks .
i use the light dressing on my salad , thankful mom buys it anyway so i did n't have to ask for it .
i get a salad and tegan gets a burger .
it had n't been horrible , and i 'd made some good friends , but i 'd had more than enough of chopping salads and making endless grilled cheese sandwiches .
that chicken salad is n't going to make itself .
i 'll make you a salad .
` ` there 's fruit salad and potato salad and chips .
` ` there 's fruit salad and potato salad and chips .
tawny and mom brought in the meal , which consisted of a spinach , walnut and strawberry salad for me , grilled chicken for everyone else , potato salad , and fruit salad and a cheesecake for desert .
tawny and mom brought in the meal , which consisted of a spinach , walnut and strawberry salad for me , grilled chicken for everyone else , potato salad , and fruit salad and a cheesecake for desert .
i passed him the balsamic dressing , and he poured it over his salad .
mom finishes chewing her forkful of salad , dabs at her lips .
he bought her lunch - a chicken sub , which she changed at the last second to a salad ( ` ` just in case , '' she said cryptically ) -and a diet coke .
homemade napalm - easy as making salad dressing .
` ` i 'll make a salad , '' i tell her as i pull lettuce out of the fridge .
i set the table while my mom brings the salad , scrambled eggs , and toast to the table .
inside , sierra and i order chopped salads while doug and alex order burgers .
megan is on a diet and is craving their special house salad , so it 's a done deal .
` ` you forgot my special spinach and walnut salad . ''
i ca n't cook , but that salad is an all - time favorite .
after i wipe my chin clean , i wash my hands and then toss my special walnut salad .
i help bring out the salad .
` ` i 'd like some salad , '' brittany says , motioning for me to hand her the bowl .
they threw their napkins on their uneaten salads and stood to leave .
` ` i 'll have the asian chicken salad , no dressing . ''
their salads came .
hanna took a big bite of her salad , crunching the dry , unappetizing vegetables in her mouth .
emily had been to otto with her family after carolyn , beth , and jake had each graduated from rosewood day , sitting in one of the large banquettes and sharing the family - style portions of penne alla vodka and caprese salad .
the room was stuffed with people , and a large buffet table had been set up on one end , bearing a zillion types of pasta , a huge bowl of salad , eight different kinds of breads , and a bevy of desserts .
the southwest chicken salad still came with spicy ranch dressing .
a waitress passed , carrying a tray of waldorf salads and focaccia sandwiches .
` ` i have homework , '' she lied , the grilled chicken salad she 'd had for lunch churning in her stomach .
emily selected a caesar salad and a package of pretzels and put them on her tray .
emily feigned fascination with a piece of chicken in her salad , not wanting to make eye contact .
the few bites of salad emily had eaten felt like lead in her stomach .
people stood at the buffet line , helping themselves to ostrich burgers and caprese salads .
` ` and eating wings instead of salads . ''
bottles of salad dressing rattled as the fridge door slammed shut .
mrs . dilaurentis stabbed a tomato from the salad .
patrice appeared again with salads , and the kahns raised their glasses .
he was at work cutting a red onion for a side salad .
waiters dashed to and fro delivering big salads featuring organic vegetables , jerk - seasoned free - range chicken , and the best organic sweet - potato fries hanna had ever tasted .
there were also scalloped potatoes , a tomato salad , and a loaf of the hearty , gourmet seven - grain bread from fresh fields that ella always scoffed at , saying anyone who paid $ 10.99 for some flour and water ought to have his head examined .
` ` i ' m probably just going to get a salad , '' cassie said , opening the big laminated menu .
` ` oh , me , too , '' emily said , even though she was n't the type of girl who ordered salads at restaurants .
` ` much better than a salad , '' emily said .
colin reached into his bag and pulled out two ready - made fruit salads , a wrapped cheese plate , and two bottles of aminospa .
waiters swirled with appetizers and salads , and a bunch of people were milling around the dance floor and reconnecting .
melissa bit into a cherry tomato from the salads that had just been deposited onto the table .
i stare at a crouton in my salad .
i ate two bites of salad and the lettuce and the chicken are not agreeing in my stomach .
there will be a salad , followed by a choice of fish or steak , and during the cheesecake dessert , i 'll stand and tell everyone how much i loved colleen .
` ` and i bought a pre - made salad and there is ice cream .
we finish off the pot and then share the salad from the plastic container as we sit on the couch and work on our various never - ending homework assignments .
the waitress comes back and he orders the pizza , and i also order a salad .
i ' ve decided to make lemon garlic tortellini with chicken , a caesar salad and an eclair cake for desert .
i move away from the steaming pot of water that i ' m about to toss the tortellini in , but jett is grating cheese for the salad , and acts like he 's never seen a grater before .
as they ate their salads , maria asked , ` ` so how long do you think school will be cancelled ? ''
seraphina could not keep her hands to herself and while she enjoyed my boyfriend and her salad , i had lost my appetite completely .
the servants brought out the first course , a green salad with a citrus dressing , and the delicious indian bread i had come to love .
she was instantly silent ; her eyes falling desperately back to her salad .
i pushed the salad around my cold appetizer plate , mentally hating the idea of trying to look ladylike while shoving drooping , dressing drenched lettuce into my mouth .
these seemed a little easier to eat while pretending to be polite and so i started to pick up a triangle stuffed with ham salad and a pickle when kiran coughed gently to my left and i turned to him .
her aunt made this really indulgent salad with homemade dressing and i stuck to that to please jules after this morning 's disaster .
we 'd given her a ton of stuff to remember - the bread had to be the club 's signature gluten - free variety and the fruit salad could contain only grapes , pineapple , and star fruit - no melon or strawberries .
she pul ed emma into the dining room , where platters of roast chicken and panini sandwiches lay on a checkered tablecloth next to big bowls of pasta salad , crispy , foilwrapped garlic bread , and a tier of chocolate - iced cupcakes for dessert .
cornelia , the personal chef , who had stiff gray hair and a round , pie - like face , carried in a roast , red potatoes , a big chopped salad , and warm garlic bread .
yesterday mrs . mercer had asked what her favorite meal was , and that evening at dinner a chicken pot pie had sat steaming in the middle of the table , along with a leafy side salad and a carafe of sweet tea .
i just would n't order salad or anything all that messy , which also kind of sounded fantastic at this point .
no , there 's nothing to do but stop off for a big 7up and cruise around for a while , then maybe take the long way over to holly 's so that i do n't have to spend too much one - on - one time with her husband , kevin , while she 's mixing up the salad or whatever .
the dining hall , which served a variety of cafeteria food , along with a salad and dessert bar , or the quad commons cafe , where you could get deli sandwiches and light grilled items .
tuesdays , we would meet at the dining hall , because they had taco tuesdays , but most days we met and had big prepared salads from the qc cafe .
lana had already purchased everything and was sitting at a table unwrapping her salad .
i watch angela while she 's chopping lettuce for the salad , and i can tell she 's barely here with me .
miss annemarie reemerged with our food - chicken salad for me and saylor , a club sandwich for david .
beet salad .
cam moves his fork around in his endive salad .
i jumped up because i wanted to help emma with the salad .
all ari and i did was put together a salad to go along with the lasagna and gunner gushed over it nonstop !
` ` i 'll have the catfish plate two fillets with okra , mashed potatoes , and a side salad with ranch . ''
i 'll take a side salad with ranch , too . ''
roger asked me after he finished his salad .
what kind of guy orders a fuckin ' salad for lunch ?
the grey man speared all the radishes from the salad on his knife and flipped them into a funnel he had stuck in a round opening in the trunk : fulrmp , melrulf , ulfmphgrumf !
there was a white linen cloth laid on the grass , with bowls piled high with food - she could see salads and sandwiches , nuts and fruit , jugs of lemonade and water and thick chocolate milk .
nana stood at the counter , chopping lettuce for a salad .
mom had packed me chicken salad .
the widower miles , ` ` still so good - looking , '' had been seated right across the table from her , and at some point between the salad and the blackberry tart , mom won me my job .
so i went for the loaf of bread , sawing off a chunk as isa picked the sesame seeds from the salad .
sweet and sour , with all that lemon pulp and mint like a salad at the bottom ?
well , praise the lord and pass the potato salad .
between the seaweed salad and the hamachi , she confessed she 'd been off her medication for about a month .
i stayed a while , ordered us some avocado sandwiches and fruit salads , then watched while she ate .
in no time , she 'd served me up a platter of enchiladas , narrow as cigars , lightly drizzled in salsa verde and dolloped with sour cream , along with a side of black - bean salad and another of crispy fried zucchini .
in the kitchen , i found a box of takeout pizza with two slices of plain cheese saved for me , plus a homemade three - bean salad .
we 'd been planning to be all healthy and go to siggy 's for those quinoa salads we always craved , but then we got there and checked out the menu and nothing looked particularly delicious- '' ` ` oh , wait - and we both said ' waffles , waffles , ' at the same time ! ''
slouched like a cowboy on the porch 's rocking chair while polishing off lulette 's sweet - potato salad straight from the serving bowl .
` ` i bet all you ' ve had today with that sweet - potato salad is bowling - alley chicken nuggets , am i right ? ''
` ` this jungle must look like one big salad to you , '' jason said .
there was a wide variety of choices , too , but my stomach roiled too much for me to grab anything but salad and yogurt .
after that , my yogurt and salad went down better , since i 'd passed the first hurdle .
` ` we 'll start with the bruschetta and then we 'll share a caesar salad and chicken parmigiana .
after eating only salad and yogurt for lunch , i was starving .
by the time alex returned to the kitchen with ellie , tom had prepared a feast : panfried hamburgers with all the trimmings , a huge salad , and fried potatoes .
the stairwell smelled like someone else 's lunch - fake bacon bits and salad dressing you 'd never order and some mysterious spice that might have been old foot .
maura , her face still complicated , reached into the cupboard and drew out a dark blue salad bowl .
this time it sounded a lot like vacuuming potato salad .
i nabbed a strawberry from the fruit salad that had somehow materialized on our table while we danced .
she picked at the fruit salad on her plate .
while levi pulled out the pizza , i finished off the salad .
i was half expecting a servant to bring in the food , but helen placed four bowls of salad on the table .
i ordered a grilled chicken salad and a glass of ice water .
i could taste the dressing from my salad and wondered if i was going to be sick .
* * * tarren receives a salad and vitamin water .
tarren picks carefully through his salad , while gabe bites into his burger and moans with pleasure .
i can smell the lingering whiffs of salad dressing and burger .
i fed her pellets every morning and then mixed salad and chopped carrots at night .
there we sat and ate a hearty lunch of bread rolls , cheese , meat and salad accompanied by a wholesome cordial .
surrounding it are various partially or fully eaten side dishes of candied yams , mashed potatoes , corn on the cob , pan fried noodles , potato salad , and macaroni salad to name a few .
between the meats , salad and bread there was enough food on the table to feed a party of ten .
it took a concerted effort to sift the weevils from the flour we had left , still it was a great dinner weevils and all accompanied with canned green beans and a fresh salad wilted with hot vinegar , sugar , and joyces homemade bacon bits .
they got all the food cooking , and began preparing the veggies for a salad , then met at the counter to look at the books while they waited for the first timer to go off .
prissi dramatically twirling her fork through the edamame and udon noodle salad she has been avoiding says , or , not .
that s one baked chicken breast with a dry side salad without the onions and water to drink with a lemon slice .
i disclosed later they could be eaten cooked or raw in various forms as in soup or in salads .
they had built a fire in the fireplace and made a supper of canned stew with a fresh salad and a bottle of good south african red wine .
after making the salads , chris excused himself , saying he was nt hungry and would be in his room .
do tell , colors encouraged as he dug into his salad .
scott was digging into a huge plate of french fries while siders was trying to enjoy a salad that had passed its prime date long before it was served to him .
a while later , sam lin had finished watching the latest hollywood blockbuster as si lei sat enjoying a pleasant lunch , consisting of salad , a main course of beef , potatoes and asparagus .
we sat down to eat some salad and spaghetti , again alone without my father .
the couple always embraced when they saw each other , i ve made a big salad for lunch , would you ring the bell dear ?
they shared two pizzas and split a salad .
after selecting salads from the deli counter , she led the way to an outer table in some shade , away from everyone .
peter had a pizza , and rachael brought a salad .
she stared at her salad then spoke without looking at him , peter , i thought we trusted each other .
lawrence enjoyed hardboiled eggs and fruit , while frank opted for pickled herring , tomato salad and flatbread .
the waiter arrived , took their orders , and then delivered small salads .
through the open window she said , ill make the salad , do you want to grill potatoes ?
they chatted a bit before he went into the kitchen to finish a salad .
she tasted her salad then asked , so , he was an american citizen by birth and came to the states after his parents died .
there 's some fried potato and sausage in the frying pan , eat it up and have some salad as well .
a few forlorn drops of soup and some wilted salad remained .
his own plate was piled high with lasagne , mashed potato , french fries , salad and bread rolls .
by the time we finished the salad , his face had assumed its customary stony set , the jaw muscles bunched tense even when he was nt chewing .
mini paella with salad and bread , mini honazo , which is like a pie , mini cocido madrileo , which is a stew with chick peas , potato and meat , and patatas bravas , which is a fried potato dish served with a spicy tomato sauce .
the server came out with the salads for everyone and bowls of different types of dressing .
just to eat the food and drink my medi there were three sandwiches with grated carrot , sliced cucumber , salad leaves and tomatoes in them .
maria smiled and continued to eat her salad .
a plate of ukrainian dumplings and salad was served to the front table .
a diet cola and a dry salad .
if you yell at me again , governor , i will stick that salad so far up your he did nt finish because the governor interrupted .
nat had no idea what undressed salad leaves tasted like because he had neither the desire nor the need for such information .
counting enough money for salad and just one round of drinks she snapped her purse shut , grabbed high heels and stepped onto the pontoon and into the sunshine to meet her friends .
right , you ve scarcely touched your salad , abigail agreed .
though still full from earlier amy thought shed manage some salad to keep him company and suggested the caf where calvins dad had taken the lads a fortnight earlier .
shed kicked off her heels and plated raphaels food , keeping the salad and a few chips for herself .
i mean , to a person who was starving , the big trays of salad , cupcakes , iced water , burgers , bread , soup , cold lasagna , and french fries that he brought in were heaven !
well , i guess i d settle for a salad , the girl said timidly .
ill have a salad , said pepper .
that s right , dear brother , we forewent catering , this year , and we also forewent the traditional turkey dinner for juicy and tender steak , soup , lasagna , a seafood salad , a steamed vegetable medley , and homemade garlic bread .
she had a greek salad and bread - sticks .
her hands shook slightly as she raised a forkful of salad to her mouth , and she lowered her arm quickly , hoping conor had nt noticed .
the men were huddled around the braai , which seemed to be working up a healthy cloud of smoke , and the women were all arranged around a long trestle table , preparing salads .
they went for lunch , a spread of delectable salads and vegetable juice .
greybeard took a large bite of salad .
` ` there is also some beer for you , cold tea for me and a salad called cole slaw that cheryl made for you .
but you will have to make us a salad .
i know that you have lettuce and some other things for a salad . ''
some do nt like onion in their salad , do you ?
ill let you start on the salad , corey turned to retrieve the salad .
ill let you start on the salad , corey turned to retrieve the salad .
feldon made another salad for the rest of us , so eat up and enjoy , dell said with a smile .
she s making me a salad !
oraden snorted at tahir then went back to his salad .
individual salads and rolls were placed at each table setting ; and two large silver warming trays were placed at the head of the table .
jill nodded and the waitress put her salad in front of her .
she loved to observe people cooking , baking , washing up , preparing salads , and sandwiches or being busy in any other way .
okaydo you want a salad ?
ill be in charge of the salad , james says , turning to gerry in the process .
gerrys mother and father are sitting down for a classic comfort meal consisting of chicken fried steak , mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans , dinner rolls , and by doctors orders - a salad .
and do nt forget those self - service massage parlors or that string of day - old salad bars .
dinosaurs they had nt seen , dinosaurs that might just fancy terri with a side salad .
james ordered the steak and sharine ordered the salad .
sharine forked the salad and bit it ; there was a fresh crisping sound .
i could do a salad .
water was boiling in preparation of a pasta salad , vegetables were scattered about the counter in various states of chopped , and vanilla batter was ready to be poured into a cake pan .
julie could remember nothing from the menu , and except kims desire for chicken salad .
ethan just drank coffee and picked at a chicken salad sandwich .
john had to smile when claire produced a large hamper she called a chilly bin filled with sandwiches , a salad and other summer food .
justin time sat at the kitchen table , preparing a fruit salad .
i have some salad . ''
` ` i lost him on th ' part about time bein ' a fruit salad . ''
seating is standing - room , where ever people can get to , and its okay for people to bring their own wine or cheese or fried chicken or potato salad .
jessica was inside finishing up with the salad , slaw , baked potatoes , and texas toast .
for the main courses , caterers worked tirelessly in the kitchen preparing : fried chicken , baked potatoes , bread , rice , beans , macaroni and cheese , potato salad , macaroni salad , and a dozens of other side dishes .
for the main courses , caterers worked tirelessly in the kitchen preparing : fried chicken , baked potatoes , bread , rice , beans , macaroni and cheese , potato salad , macaroni salad , and a dozens of other side dishes .
the demoralized beast - men begin stancing defensively , allowing udgd to break straight through their guards and chop them into a gory , crimson salad of weakness and failure .
it was a simple , but well - curated meal of salad , roasted potatoes , steak , and homemade coleslaw .
and sports and recreation carried us through that evening football and superbowl picks yes , this early on through our appetizers , hockey through the soup and salad and hunting through the main course , since it was that season in south dakota and brandon now had the free time to enjoy it .
we are a farm of 3,000 acres of crops that stretch as far as the eye could see in all geographical directions surrounded by with beautiful productive white cotton plants , a grove of orange which are sour by mouth but yummy in salads , an peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables in front of the dogtrot plantation since we farm every part of the soil to benefit the school and the students ... sterling studies the windows of eight foot tall by four feet wide wearing an array of gracefully falling different type of colors and textures drape curtain fabrics that puddles like a pool of colored water onto the wooden flooring .
you can use the butter from your bread but the salad butter has been perfected with acidic quality of the salad dressing complimenting the entire salad meal .
sterling finishes the salad as the butler provides a pone of golden cornbread to senn .
chase provided new york strip , baked potato grilled in butter , sauted onions and salad .
chase had piled his plate mostly with salad , his earlier meal with joe having sated his appetite .
thirty too tired to cook , shanna decided to pick up a salad from a local restaurant .
the restaurant was busy , but the staff all knew her there and she had the guilty feeling that her order had been placed on top of the list judging by the speed with which her salad appeared and the baleful looks she received from other customers who had been waiting .
stalking inside her mood was not improved by what she knew she would be offered to eat , stale egg salad sandwiches , and then she would be obliged to pay three times the going rate for a drink .
chase had not been home last night when shanna got in , so she and jake had shared the remnants of an egg salad sandwich she had purloined from the paralegal meeting and she had turned in .
i did nt know at the time sitting with my salad at the deli , however , that i was never to see those eyes again and my days of being an expert all things redheaded were about to be over .
i looked grimly down at my unfinished salad ; just thinking about walking back into that office made me want to turn the table over and throw my beloved pasta salad against the wall .
i looked grimly down at my unfinished salad ; just thinking about walking back into that office made me want to turn the table over and throw my beloved pasta salad against the wall .
i d also have to call in sick , blaming the greek pasta salad or something ...
the snack bar served only lunch and dinner , i found out , and the menu consisted mainly of burgers , fries , chili , chicken fingers , roast beef sandwiches , macaroni salad , and a final item that was a unique two medicine original a creation called the mountain which was an odd assortment of ingredients .
dee had prepared a roasted chicken with salad and had thrown in some extra rolls and potatoes while she was getting it all ready to add to the menu for the new guests .
the food he ordered was served on tatty plastic plates with beetroot salad and none too clean knives and forks .
the goats were barbecued on a spit - braai and eaten botswana - style , together with steaks , beer and salads .
finger foods , salads , pts and breads , a cheese platter and bowls with fresh fruit .
i walked to the kitchen and filled a plate with salads .
` ` mhm , this thai salad is to die for .
why is it called thai salad , if we are in a korean restaurant ? ''
` ` it has to be the egg salad we made yesterday .
i poked around my greek salad , not really hungry .
salvatore asked for a chicken salad sandwich and breedlove said she would have the same , along with some lemon water .
a waiter arrived with their main course of lobster , roasted mediterranean vegetables and fresh salad .
a healthy green salad just like mother used to make !
bart started to reach for the salad .
i would nt think of touching your fine salad , bart said with a salacious laugh .
steaks , rare , frittes , and a salad .
after an excellent dinner of tomato salads and curried snapper , they shared a large serving of vanilla ice cream .
to ivan , her dress looked like a fruit salad had exploded all over it .
both joey and gabe took only moments to order their lunch : a lobster and crab salad for her and a crab salad sandwich for him .
at last joey took a few bites of her salad but gabe was a man in a hurry , so there was little time for small talk .
you do nt know what you re missing ... bacon sarnies dripping grease , he mimed biting into an invisible sandwich , before continuing , do nt get me wrong , there s no harm in a bit of salad as long as there s a big , juicy slab of steak laying on it .
helena enjoyed a salad while lukas had the house special .
he turned to help helena to her feet and felt horrible to see her salad had stained her light blue satin top .
there were baskets of warm garlic bread , appetizers of little italian pizzas , and then they brought large salads with caesar dressing and croutons along with glasses of grape juice for the kids and red wine for the adults .
it was no fewer than 3 waiters that came around and took food orders from steak to lobster to squab , even a cob salad , shrimp cocktails .
jim orders some fried chicken with french fries , coleslaw , a small side salad and a beer .
ed gets a well done steak with fries and salad and ditto on the beer .
` ` mmm , this rabbit food ai n't so bad , '' paul mumbled through a bite of fancy salad - walnuts and pears scattered over dark green leaves .
how about a nice salad , guys ?
then we went out to eat , but i just ordered a salad .
lo poured ranch dressing all over his chopped salad and tried to relax and find some humor in the - world - of - woman - wisdom according to jack .
rolling my eyes , i plucked up my fork and started my salad .
could i really turn into the kind of witch that ate salads , drove monster trucks , and bullied her cousins into giving her cars for free ?
she went through the lunch line and prepared a mountainous salad .
kali smiled bitterly and pushed the salad away .
after all , it was n't everyday the city got attacked by a giant salad , so why not send a jukebox to fight it ?
kara smelled chicken baking , saw the makings of a fresh salad in the large glass bowl on the counter .
she tossed the mangled tomato into the salad .
she picked at her grilled chicken salad , remembering richards incredible metabolic rate .
he also found leftovers in the fridgea chicken and tomato sauce dish that looked very similar to the chicken cacciatore his father used to make , and tossed green salad .
he got out the salad and some salad dressings , put everything on the kitchen table that he had set with plates and silverware , and poured iced tea , which was served year - round in texas .
tonight , he d pulled more of the tossed salad out of the fridge , and heated store - bought biscuits .
she was n't above testing me when we went out , asking me for a french fry , or begging for a forkful of salad .
not that i 'd ever actually ever tasted the salad in all my years of coming to the place , but i 'd been told that it was good .
jules was waiting for me in the living room , one leg flung casually over the arm of the sofa as she chewed the last bite of whatever healthful salad she 'd thrown together for her dinner .
i found myself thinking about it at odd times , obsessing over whether i had recorded something , whether i had accurately estimated the weight of a chicken breast cut up on a salad , whether i had been fair when i said that i ate half a cup of mashed potatoes .
wells ran across the rest area using the tables like steps : pre - packaged salads and grey burgers burst around his footfalls like shrapnel .
cassidy 's mom showed up with a plate full of two different salads , slices of steaming roast beef , and some kind of vegetable medley before her .
you have nt lived until you ve had and italian style salad , spaghetti and cheese garlic bread .
the first dish was , this is herb salad .
ken was not particularly fond of salad , but the dish turned out to be very good .
i fell into a bowl of potato salad , rose up , paused , and whimpered like a puppy .
with my borscht i usually have a salad of fresh - frozen dandelions which i ve defrosted and dressed with cider vinegar and bacon fat .
he rewarded himself , having found it , with a turnip salad ( provided by karyne ) , bamboo sprouts , and a handful of toasted nutmeats .
pina also harvested their wild dandelions for salad .
they ate in the common room , fish stew and oily mushroom salad , and hard brown bread with butter , though here the bread was salted and the butter was not .
pre - made salads and some frozen chicken nuggets .
i dug into one of the salads without bothering with dressing .
she dumped the chicken nuggets onto it , turned the stove on , and began eating her own salad .
i put my half eaten salad on the counter .
ans mother said as she reached for the salad .
left on the table were some chicken bones , some bits and pieces of salad , and an apple .
there was fish , pork , ox and chicken , complimented with different salads and fruits .
the girls i ve dated just picked at their salad , never scarfed down a whole cheeseburger before i finished mine .
would you have preferred it if i d ordered a salad ?
if they re wanted for the sweet potato salad , for the picnic tomorrow , they should be sweet .
in what seemed like no time at all , melony had prepared a nice salad and veggie burgers .
cold potato salad is so nice on a hot day .
he ate his tasty salad facing west , enjoying the colors the slipping sun sent spilling across the sky .
in fact ; i ve already had a salad .
this was off - putting enough , but when erin returned with the salad and wine and orders from kota to stall until the rest was ready , madam elzwig began to ask questions .
madam elzwig turned over some lettuce and erin held her breath until she took another bite of the salad .
erin went carefully here , and felt that she gave the impression that kota was just another young man from the area , and the questions soon turned to the town , and sollis , one right after the other until erin felt as picked over as the salad .
each platter had four wells along its rectangular length , containing stews and leafy salads .
lilly pats me on my leg right after i shove a large helping of crunchy salad in my mouth .
that was nt a bite , if the plate was nt so big , carmina , it would have joined the salad in your gob , she teases me back .
i planned on eating tv dinners , salads and sandwiches mostly , and was happy that the apartment had a small microwave furnished .
malaki and neasa littered the table with plates of local seafood and a selection of vegetables and salads plucked from kahns treasured garden ; a garden he nurtured as if it were a child .
she then served up some salad onto a small plate near her dinner plate .
most people who use it will put a little of both on their salad , '' meredith replied .
as she removed her food from her lunch bag , the first item she set out on the table was a couscous salad that included dried currants , chopped bell peppers , rinsed and drained canned chick peas , some medium scallions and fresh cilantro .
the lemon would be used to squeeze over her salad .
after her prayer , she placed a napkin on her lap and picked up a fork for her salad .
just before she could take her first bite of lunch , that annoying but cute julio , from her earlier english class , came right up to her , pointed at her couscous salad , and with a clear facial expression of disgust , asked alex , ` ` what the hell is that ? ''
she said to him without making any effort to hide her annoyance , ` ` it 's couscous salad .
` ` i 'd rather eat a broccoli and snake salad , '' he answered bluntly .
dog thought that if they got out of this one , he was definitely going to ensure that the knight got some exercise and ate lots of salads .
the meal was amazingly arranged , salad - like but full of flower petals from all the different forest flowers .
there were seeds in the salad , too .
no one spoke to echo other than to ask her what dressing she wanted on her salad , but charlie seemed to be buddies with everyone .
there is also a salad of arugula , selected fall greens , and a brown butter gastrique .
you ca nt even trust their salads .
she learned that certain weeds that sprang up in the cracks between cobblestones , and in the ruins of houses , could be made into salads , or used in soup stock .
our man smiles innocently , maybe feeling something and being patient : so , get me plenty of meatballs and i want plenty of salad .
he does nt know even the illiberalness of salad in balkans !
the bosniak man attacks that ignorance in a high voice : plenty of salad !
then lie flat on their backs , take their traditional clove - colored guest plates out of their skirts , leave the plates on their stomachs maybe for letting someone dish up some burghul salad , then raise their feet up haha ha , and pretend they spin the bicycle pedals .
i bolted the last of my fruit salad and fresh bread while doyle spoke with him .
the campaign was doing its best to feed its people and get everyone back onto the floor in the short time allowed by the luncheon recess , and the marriott had obliged with a vast buffet that was serving up pasta salad and rare roast beef by the ton .
he 'd had a salad and lamb stew .
he glanced up at what had started as shrubbery , now resembling some sort of half - digested salad .
eggs , roast chicken , chicken curry , chicken salad , and over here is lapin - rabbit , actually , but cold rabbit is a delight , and in that bowl over there is the jugged hare - well , why do n't i just fill a plate for you ? ''
this was n't the time or place to quiz him about his future plans , when the big stumbling block to any of them sat beside me spilling salad dressing down her blouse .
a little salad of green bills accumulated in the center of the table .
i had the beer - braised chicken and a nice cucumber salad .
i opted for a salad out of respect for the size of my ass , although if i really cared , i would n't eat potato skins .
i 'd eaten maybe half the steak and nibbled at the salad .
first i wash the pretzel pirate smell off , then i make a salad .
there were multiple salads other women had brought in - my favorite was one with marshmallows , mandarin oranges , and plenty of whipped cream .
booke came up beside me , as i was having seconds on the fruit and whipped cream salad .
` ` no offense , but i think making salad dressing is the least of your concerns , buddy .
` ` seafood salad . ''
brennan nodded thoughtfully and picked at his seafood salad .
he struts off to where mackenzie and her friend are sitting , eating salads , and he immediately starts flirting with her .
she had another mouthful of tuna salad , which was excellent , packed with walnuts and celery and some kind of lemon spice .
lucia was finishing her salad .
borgle 's commissary had decided to experiment with salads tonight .
finally , a tall , pointy - hatted figure said , ' you mean everyone brought potato salad ? '
` ` i thought perhaps just some salad and quiche and some light- '' magrat said , imploringly .
' with a fruit salad in it , ' said nobby .
' do i like salad cream ? '
there 's the sound of the little meaningful chuckle in the locked dark room , the sight of half a caterpillar in your forkful of salad , the curious smell from the lodger 's bedroom , the taste of slug in the cauliflower cheese .
do you mean big soup plates , a whole full - portion bowl with maybe some biscuits , possibly even a bread roll , or do you mean the little cup you might get if , for example , you just ordered soup and a salad ? ''
` ` the size of soup plates that are eight inches across , '' said tiffany , who 'd never ordered soup and a salad anywhere in her life .
' well , i can see that- ' ' there 's cabbage soup , cabbage beer , cabbage fudge , cabbage cake , cream of cabbage- ' ' yes , stanley , i think you- ' ' -pickled cabbage , cabbage jelly , cabbage salad , boiled cabbage , deep - fried cabbage- ' ' yes , but now can- ' ' -fricassee of cabbage , cabbage chutney , cabbage surprise , sausages- ' ' sausages ? '
nothing too excessive - a few dozen roast fowls , a couple of cold salmon , one hundred linear feet of salad bar , a pile of loaves , one or two kegs of beer and , of course , the chutney , pickle and relish train , one trolley not being considered big enough .
the jar in his hand dropped and smashed on the tiles ; there was the smell of slightly rancid salad dressing .
the man looked sideways at the empty glasses on the counter , some of them still containing bits of fruit salad , cherries on a stick and small paper umbrellas .
under its paper umbrella and fruit salad it contained some sticky and expensive alcohol .
or bits of fruit salad or olives or curly straws or ornamental monkeys , i command thee by the seventeen siderites of sarudin ' ' i ' m not an umbrella person , ' said the genie sulkily .
vimes stalked gloomily through the crowded streets , feeling like the only pickled onion in a fruit salad .
i think there was some kind of a salad , followed by a soup , and then some kind of fancy looking appetizer hidden within the shell of a crustacean ; but none of it held any interest to me .
she probably had a light salad for lunch with a protein , and one glass of wine , if that , with a dinner that was all about root vegetables , grilled chicken , and a low - glycemic - index starch of some kind .
chapter 4 reaching around izzie - who refused to move - eve set a large bowl of salad on the makeshift dining table .
` ` and more smart people than dumb people , '' she added before stuffing a dainty forkful of salad in her mouth .
but i nodded anyway , and soon we had two of them coming , along with hearty salads .
the waitress chose that time to come by with our salads and stared at me curiously .
i ignored the salad and went straight to drinking it .
she opened her mouth to say something but then thought against it and started to eat her salad .
i started to pick at my salad and owned up to the fact that there was no real shame in being in love with someone who was n't in love with you .
` ` and she 's my girlfriend , '' tolliver said , and i smiled down at my salad .
i got a salad at a fast - food place , enjoying the bustle and purpose of the people in the restaurant .
it was about time i ate something that was n't actively bad for me , and i loaded up my plate with salad and fruit .
i ordered a caesar salad and some minestrone , figuring that should taste good even if the cook was n't hugely talented .
disappointed in my fearful self , i turned on the television set and watched a rerun of law and order while i had my soup and my salad .
after i was through with my salad , i did something i had n't done in at least a year .
we picked up salads for lunch , and took them back to the motel .
we 'd had iced tea with our salad and our chicken divan served over rice , but i 'd only had one refill .
i looked at it while i picked at my salad , which was about what you 'd expect at a diner in the middle of nowhere .
our lawyer was downing a huge salad , garlic bread , and veal ravioli , while tolliver and i were having soup and salad on a smaller scale .
some generous soul had brought a thinly sliced roast , but i passed it by , and instead got some broccoli , a fruit casserole baked in some kind of curry sauce , a roll , and a cold three - bean salad .
` ` someone gave it to her in salad dressing , '' i crooned .
a thick carrot soup , green salad , lamb chops and mashed potatoes , cheese and fruit , a chocolate cake .
... maybe at the end of a salad a teabag string : he who takes a tiger by the tail dare not let go .
his lunch was waiting on his desk : three thick - cut pork chops grilled with onion and basil , a side of pasta salad , steamed broccoli with grated romano cheese , and a piece of the famous aces high cheesecake .
fortunato had eaten some of the salad and asparagus and let the rest of it go .
lord vetinari lifted an eyebrow with the care of one who , having found a piece of caterpillar in his salad , raises the rest of the lettuce .
together we broke apart the noodles and then made a salad .
we sat down and jake and dylan began cutting my friends ' salads .
he ate a salad , forcing himself to read the book as he did , and then went back to his seat on the bus .
we 'll drown our sorrows in tuna salad and strawberry milkshakes . ''
` ` i 'll grab a salad .
he kept taking food out of the cooler - cold beef sandwiches , tuna sandwiches , chicken salad , potato salad , coleslaw , two cans of coke , a thermos of what he said was iced tea , two pieces of pie , a large slab of cake - until it made her think of clowns piling out of the little car at the circus , and she laughed .
he kept taking food out of the cooler - cold beef sandwiches , tuna sandwiches , chicken salad , potato salad , coleslaw , two cans of coke , a thermos of what he said was iced tea , two pieces of pie , a large slab of cake - until it made her think of clowns piling out of the little car at the circus , and she laughed .
he rolled past the cook - tent , where the first hamburgers were coming off the grill and potato salad was being dished into serving bowls .
i loaded up a paper plate with a hamburger , potato salad , and some kind of weird jell - o - fruit - whipped - cream hybrid dessert .
they also sold gourmet soups and salads , all of which were made fresh and packed with enough prissy ingredients to make ian happy .
he reached for his drink - a peach - colored monstrosity with enough sliced fruit for a salad in it - and took a sip .
` ` now the salad ! ''
the chicken was good , the salad was better , the roast potatoes were too crispy , but a delighted mr .
( silas ordered a glass of water and a small salad for himself , which he pushed around the bowl with his fork but never actually put to his lips . )
it had hosted jumble sales and jubilee celebrations , wedding receptions and wakes , and it smelt of all of these things : of stale clothes and coffee urns , and the ghosts of home - baked cakes and meat salads ; of dust and human bodies ; but primarily of aged wood and stone .
she tossed a big salad , kind of her specialty .
fin carried the big bowl of salad to the table .
branna handed the salad set to meara .
there 's apples in here , '' connor discovered as he sampled the salad .
branna brought the bread to the table , sat to have her salad .
branna dropped the bowls on the table , snatched up the salad to put it aside .
diana , who 'd barely touched her salad , glanced at adam now , and then cleared her throat .
` ` and pork - pie and salad , '' said bombur .
faye forked at her caesar salad without looking up .
' what are all the fruit salads and leaves and things ? '
the remains of her lunch , egg salad and chocolate pudding , were still evident on boots 's face and shirt .
' i do n't eat salads , ' said bledlow nobbs ( no relation ) .
about thirty culinary choices , everything from greek salad to diner dogs .
cherise gave me a theatrically harassed look and made a production of ordering a salad , interrogating the pedigree of every tomato and carrot while she was at it .
sarah , locked deep in conversation with eamon , ended up snacking on a side salad and bottled water at another table , and forgot all about us .
cherise , who was clearly not enjoying her salad , glared , but hell , at least she 'd bought herself some nice hiphugger capri pants and matching shoes .
eamon asked , and applied a little black pepper to his salad .
i wondered if i should take my salad and go eat it in my room , with rahel , who would make me feel like a particularly nasty insect but at least was n't going to be beating me on social graces .
the filet roast was perfect , the vegetables extraordinarily fresh and crisp , and the salad perfectly done with light oil and herbs .
` ` no , no , no , son , '' he said , scooping a forkful of salad into his mouth , ` ` the explanation of evil is a hell of a lot more disappointing than that .
after laura made a particularly luscious salad , of lettuce , tomato , and avocado tossed in the most delicate olive oil with herbs , they sat down to dinner in the breakfast room and reuben , as usual , devoured everything in sight while jim touched a little of this and a little of that .
he was crunching through his salad , still going over the entire conversation to laura , when celeste texted : ` ` sos .
he found laura in the kitchen making a large salad .
she said one of the things she did when she was worried was make a large salad .
then she put the finely chopped green onions in and the herbs , taking out pinches of each herb - oregano , thyme , basil - and rubbing each pinch between her hands as she sprinkled it over the salad .
then she added the wine vinegar and reuben tossed more and then she served up this salad with sliced avocados and thin sliced tomatoes , and soft warm french bread from the oven , and they ate it together .
he , d eaten the largest plate of salad he , d ever been served in his life .
the meal was a great success - roast filet , fresh vegetables , pasta , and one of laura , s enormous simple and herb - laden salads .
the wine was red in the delicate stem glasses , the salad glistening in the big wooden bowls , sharp sweetness of the mint jelly as delicious as the aroma of the succulent meats , and sweet butter smeared on the hot rolls .
platters were passed , more wine poured , butter slopped on hot steaming slices of bread and light flaking rolls , the scent of garlic rising from the tumbling , sliding spoonfuls of salad , and great forkfuls of meat slapped onto the old flowered china plates .
he wiped his mouth with the napkin and started in on the salad .
they had their supper in the kitchen , crowding around the rectangular table by the window , lisa ladling up a pungent beef stew into their bowls , while the men served themselves their drinks , and jean pierre served a crisp green salad .
i was leaning toward a salad , something that wo n't make my stomach bulge out while we're - i swallowed - having sex .
a salad or whatever .
it 's like getting only a salad at a steak house .
` ` oh , you forgot the salad . ''
she did eat her salad , and i found myself eating much more of the greens than usual for me .
minna picks at a chef 's salad and complains that the produce is disgusting .
they were having a dinner party , and i remember the preparations : cream cheese balls rolled in chopped walnuts ; jell - o salad in the shape of a fish ; cubes of yellow cheese beaded with condensation , toothpicks standing proudly like flags from their ranks .
mcrae dropped his lobster fork into his salad .
he offered her a relieved smile and dug into his salad again .
she tasted egg salad and tried to scream , but he swallowed the syllable whole .
susan placed herself near the roast ribs and the salad because they were among her favourite foods , and she would not have to rely on others to pass them to her .
a large salad coated with a thin layer of honey dressing .
scuzzy fenster sat against a log , consuming lunch with prim good manners : cold cuts for six and a cubic foot of potato salad .
he inhaled the final pint of salad .
soups , salads , caviar , araigne de mer , filet mignon but that necklace ill buy you a bigger one !
she was busy preparing a salad and kept at her work , not wanting to make a scene in front of her mom , who was stirring broth over the stove .
pasture grasses drooped beneath the high sun , a salad of yellows and greens peppered with black dung .
i ' ve got to get a job soon , willow said , taking another bite of salad .
lucy dazzled in a shift of gold silk as she tucked into a melon salad , ' yep , he 's catered for us all ; i see nat has his garlic mushrooms and dinah the lobster tails - great . '
i made the salad .
i poured the wine i brought , worked on the salad , and talked to elise .
then i finished the salad and came around behind her .
as the wine and salads arrived i mumbled something that i hoped was noncommittal but still courteous .
this evening our dinner special is capered pouched wild salmon fillet , steamed asparagus , a side salad of fresh spinach topped with feta cheese and accented with our own red wine and olive oil dressing , followed by ripe strawberry cheese cake dessert , '' recited the waiter .
rita had her usual salad and toast .
elise was basically talking to her salad .
there were several slices of white bread , a light soup , a roasted duck in a platter basking in its own fat , and several bowls of salad and ale .
vero finished her salad and lit a cigarette .
a salad will not get you through the day .
a salad , a glass of wine and a cigarette are all i need , right now .
tatum and anne reached the cafeteria where they both chose a prepackaged salad in place of the already arranged to - go lunches that tatum had made her routine until today .
each of them paired their salad with a piece of cheesecake .
no glass of water and dry salad for you , '' jake teased .
i would wait in the kitchen and try to get started on a salad while i left a bottle of wine to breathe .
it served a variety of salads for the women employees , and sandwiches for the men , or for the very creative , it offered a cup of soup and half a sandwich as the daily special .
in the mornings he collected firewood then went looking for something vegetarian , digging up starchy roots and gathering some green matter for a salad .
` ` in the proper french style , you would display salads of anchovies , lemons , bitter oranges , and radishes , accompanied by figs , cheeses with biscuits , and a variety of sausages .
chapter twenty - four monday the 27th of june , 1825 the never to be forgotten lunch it was a charming sight to behold , the sleek , long trestle tables draped with fresh white linens and adorned by pretty platters of salads , sliced meats , breads and cheeses , sweets and fruit , all proudly prepared and assembled by the lovely ladies of liberty fair .
i did wine and the salad , she did something beautiful with whatever happened to be in the refrigerator .
i had soup , elise had a salad , and gustav broke some kind of office lunch rule by ordering a whole sandwich .
hurriedly , he grabbed a plate and filled it with a drumstick , potato salad , pickle , coleslaw , and baked beans before margaret could swallow a mouthful from her second plate of food and start lambasting him again .
annie 's job was to assemble a fresh salad of greens and steam the carrots and peas .
they gently set a lush green salad in front of everyone and linda seemed pleased .
ann attacked a salad as if she had nt eaten in a week .
at first i thought she did nt know i was awake , but one night , without turning around , she said , a little crossly , were nt there still some carrots left after that salad ?
the padreses and the wrights were in jan 's garden enjoying mrs . padres 's chicken , as well as the egg salad sandwiches luke had to help assemble .
chicken , garden salad , grilled vegetables , corn on the cob , new potatoes , strawberry shortcake with fresh strawberries , and , of course , sub - par egg salad sandwiches .
chicken , garden salad , grilled vegetables , corn on the cob , new potatoes , strawberry shortcake with fresh strawberries , and , of course , sub - par egg salad sandwiches .
i tried a salad right after i got turned .
after his amazing vegetarian noodle salad and a beer , she had begun feeling much better .
ham in one hand , potato salad and bread in the other , i glanced at the boy and motioned toward the seat locker next to me .
this , with some cheese and a salad and a bottle of old tokay , of which i had two glasses , was my supper .
his foodblackened chicken salad with ranch dressingwas virtually untouched .
by then the soup and salad had arrived , but mary found it difficult to eat the cherry tomatoes .
oatmeal bar and more coffee in the midmorning supplied just enough energy until lunch when stephanie would devour a salad .
where did you get the stuff to make a salad ?
jessie apparently did nt like fish , but seemed to enjoy the salad and potatoes .
he was eating so much junk he found himself craving a salad , anything fresh and kept far from the deep fat fryer , and his waistband was straining under the extra weight he had packed on .
so many of us grew up watching mcdonald 's commercials and that simpsons episode with lisa and the gazpacho and the ` ` you do n't make friends with salad '' song ... we live in this fantasy world where we let someone else do the butchering for us and we call the end result ` ` barbecue '' .
plot synopsis yes , even your salad dressing is haunted now .
expect minimal salad garnishing .
she arrived wearing a woven red and orange skirt and a sombrero , carrying the makings for a taco salad and margaritas .
we had our salad and margaritas on the deck as i gave molly the painful details of the miscarriage .
as i stood by the sink , preparing greens for the salad , michael stepped behind me , encircling my waist with his arms .
in the refrigerator i found a leftover tuna salad and a budweiser .
the last thing you want is to order a salad and find a finger or an eye in it .
what was more , this scrawny halfling did so for nearly a full morning , and then everyone gathered afterwards for fruit salads and sweet tea and shared with one another the pathetic experiences of their week .
chicken divan , frankie 's signature and only trusted gourmet meal , was a staple for every thursday , but its accompanying salad was always treated with mistrust .
mr . eisner brought out a large , green salad and set it on the picnic table in the centre of the yard .
so that means a dry bran muffin for breakfast , a tuna salad sandwich on wheat for lunch , and a salad with light dressing on the side for dinner .
dante smiled as luvicis oysters , salad and soup arrived .
she of course , had her usual nice salad .
i looked down at the splatted food on my plate which looked more like something that got run over by a truck than tuna salad .
two thoughts came to mind ; was the salad made from real tuna or was it some unknown animal meat ?
i lowered my head again and took a bite from the salad .
the salad had a funny taste .
i just wanted to eat my odd salad and get it over with .
i slowly raised my head and stared at him while chewing the last bit of salad in my mouth .
i lowered my head and ate my salad again .
perhaps that silence had to do with the embarrassment of being thrashed so badly by a much smaller opponent , or maybe it was because patrick had learned in reform school that snitches did more than toss the salad , they tasted the shiv .
paul snapped up a plate and eagerly formed mounds of potato salad and coleslaw .
paul walked to his plate , pointed at the potato salad and said , freakin maggots !
potato salad is definitely out though !
she took six pork chops wrapped in butcher paper from the crisper and enough salad fixings to make a robust garden salad for all of them .
the conversation at the table picked up , the soup bowls were cleared , and we were on to salads .
gracie was nt really hungry , but ordered a salad to pacify him .
she gave gracie a friendly smile as she sat her salad in front of her .
we have egg salad , bologna , peanut butter , or chicken salad .
he handed her the chicken salad and picked the bologna for himself .
spaghetti and garlic bread- a tossed salad would do nicely as well .
the prepared something turned out to be a fabulously tasty hungarian goulash served with salad and bread .
lorz found it hard to imagine this radical transformation of his candidate , pushing his trivial cart from potatoes to tinned fruit salad after the miracles with puzzles , pictures and chessmen .
you know i m not much for those fancy salads .
as the cab drew up before the address indicated , the fog lifted a little and showed him a dingy street , a gin palace , a low french eating house , a shop for the retail of penny numbers and twopenny salads , many ragged children huddled in the doorways , and many women of many different nationalities passing out , key in hand , to have a morning glass ; and the next moment the fog settled down again upon that part , as brown as umber , and cut him off from his blackguardly surroundings .
she was in the middle of chewing her salad but managed to give him a friendly grin .
` ` that 's okay ; we ' ve got bags of tossed salad in the refrigerator .
a salad off to the side .
he never cared much for lettuce , but he did like the taste of blue cheese salad dressing , and the rabbit food gave him an excuse to have it .
when the server arrived i skimmed the menu and picked the wild raspberry chicken salad and a soda .
jonah flashed his perfect white teeth , you know what i mean , those girls that do nt want guys to know that they ever eat , so when they go out all they order is a salad .
i whispered , taking a bite of my salad .
his salad was mostly gone .
clay , tom , and jordan made a meal of canned chicken salad on stale bread , with canned fruit salad for dessert .
while they were gone , he cracked another fruit salad cup and read johnny 's letter over for the ninth and tenth times .
my mother watched all this industry with some amazement and commented over a lunch of hotdogs and green salad that maybe i should have nightmares more often .
he had been raised in a family of ravenous meat - eaters where medium - rare meant the cook had breathed hard on the steak and the concept of well - done was unknown ; he loved hot sauces and hot peppers ; he did not believe in fruits and salads unless one was badly constipated ; he 'd eaten like that his whole fucking life , still ate like that , and would probably go on eating like that until they slammed him into a hospital bed and started feeding him all the right things through a plastic tube .
ilse blamed lunch - maybe bad mayo in the tuna salad - and i let her , but i do n't think it was bad mayo at all .
i think you ate more of the tuna salad than i did . ''
wireman produced egg salad sandwiches , which were delicious .
when the sandwich was gone , i ate the remains of the previous day 's salad , more or less floating in newman 's own french .
i coaxed elizabeth to eat tuna salad and macaroni salad , heavy on the mayo ; i chivvied her into drinking ensure ` ` milkshakes '' through a straw .
i coaxed elizabeth to eat tuna salad and macaroni salad , heavy on the mayo ; i chivvied her into drinking ensure ` ` milkshakes '' through a straw .
some kind of salad , i think .
a good thing she 'd eaten her egg before it could turn into egg salad .
then she said , ` ` i 'll have some salad . ''
florence ate some salad before she spoke again .
florence 's plate somersaulted , scattering salad over the table .
so one night my mother put on a salad with lettuce and raw spinach in it , chunks of apple and maybe a little leftover ham .
she buried me in salads .
6 mike hanlon makes a connection but first he made supper - hamburgers with sauteed mushrooms and onions and a spinach salad .
` ` ten feet , '' patrick giggled ( just the sound of it made bev feel cold and revolted , as if she had seen a worm squirm its way out of her salad ) .
then , hours later , after the sandwiches and potato salad had been eaten , after the last few drops of kool - aid had been coaxed from his father 's big thermos , just before his mother said it was time to pack up and start home , the top of the rotted piling would begin to show again - just a peek and flash between the incoming waves at first , then more and more .
you got in that great big house and had three drinks before dinner and then a soup course and a salad with thousand island dressing and then surf and turf for the main course and it was all served by a maid in a black uniform and carla was doing her lady - of - the - manor bit - but not being the least bit condescending - and there was a strawberry tort or blueberry buckle with whipped cream for dessert and then a couple of coffee brandies or tia maria and you just spilled your guts .
handy andy 's specialized in steaks , chops , and something called the andyburger , which looked a little like a chef 's salad stuck between a huge sesame seed roll with a toothpick to hold the whole contraption together .
she was making a tossed salad in a large wooden bowl .
a hundred boxes of dried milk ( hallorann advised her gravely to buy fresh milk for the boy in sidewinder as long as it was feasible ) , five twelve - pound bags of sugar , a gallon jug of blackstrap molasses , cereals , glass jugs of rice , macaroni , spaghetti ; ranked cans of fruit and fruit salad ; a bushel of fresh apples that scented the whole room with autumn ; dried raisins , prunes , and apricots ( ` ` you got to be regular if you want to be happy , '' hallorann said , and pealed laughter at the coldpantry ceiling , where one old - fashioned light globe hung down on an iron chain ) ; a deep bin filled with potatoes ; and smaller caches of tomatoes , onions , turnips , squashes , and cabbages .
but that was only dressing , the sauce on the salad , and down below there was as much bitter vetch in that salad as there was cool cucumber .
but that was only dressing , the sauce on the salad , and down below there was as much bitter vetch in that salad as there was cool cucumber .
after he had finished checking over the salads his understudy had made and peeked in on the home - baked beans they were using as appetizers this week , hallorann untied his apron , hung it on a hook , and slipped out the back door .
they spread the white lawn tablecloth , which fran had glommed from the hotel boulderado , and moving with quick economy ( it made him feel strange to watch her supple grace as she bent and moved , as if there had never been a whiplash injury and sprained back at all ) , she set out their early lunch : a cucumber and lettuce salad dressed with vinegar ; cold ham sandwiches ; the wine ; an apple pie for dessert .
he sat down beside her and took a sandwich and some salad .
when they had both finished a token sandwich and most of the salad - the fresh greens had been delicious - and a small sliver of apple pie each , she said : ` ` when are you going ? ''
in the cub bar , whitney horgan and ken demott sat drinking bottled beer and eating egg salad sandwiches .
they were holding their drinks and their plates of potato salad and looking at him as if he were a bug , a freak .
the salads are on ice .
they ate cold cuts and a jell - o salad with shreds of carrot suspended in it like fossils in amber .
no roads in there , just a lot of polk salad .
it 's her turn to cook tonight ; roasted wild pig and a salad of wild greens .
tonight , supper will be penne with tomato and basil and a salad .
the pasta and sauce come in a box , frozen , and the salad , well , i make that .
we both ordered steak , medium rare , at carltons insistence no matter that all i wanted was a summer salad .
i spotted the meatloaf first off , then in no particular order : the mashed potatoes , home - grown green beans , brown gravy , fresh garden salad , hot rolls in a covered basket , and what looked to be some kind of cream pie sitting way down at the end of the table intentionally placed out of reach of those who could not resist the temptation to sneak a slice onto the side of a plate not totally covered with gravy .
` ` would you like some potato salad , jose ? ''
` ` deep fried chicken , and maybe a little salad in coleslaw .
fresh salads , lots of honey , red wine , white wine , chocolate cake , muffins and other food and cake louie had never tried let alone seen before .
this is where we eat , she said , thinking of how her son had helped her with dinner the night prior , had tossed the salad and handled the food .
oooh ... shari looked at the salads .
from there it was transported by a succession of insects , each devouring the next , the reality diluted the farther up the food chain it travelled ; till at the very top , along with beans and carrots , or perhaps a side salad , it found its way into people .
he walked around back , crunching through foliage and snow , both now floating to ground in a mixed salad of white and green leaves , fruits andskis , his skis , poking from a drift in an array of tines , a sculpture sprouting from a large steel bucket , consisting of sports equipment and artificial limbs , a spare parts bin for the athletic amputee .
it was late summer , and the salad of the season was tempting .
what s a caesar salad ?
its a salad with caesar dressing .
what s the difference between the garden salad , and the caesar salad ?
i mean , why have two salads that are the same except for the dressing ?
why not sell one salad and then offer a choice of dressing ?
yeah , let me have seven burgers and a salad .
so how about some fresh salad ?
in a moment he reappeared with a large salad bowl , a cutting knife and the vegetables .
in no time flat , he had chopped up the whole salad , never once touching the bowl or its contents , but always slicing everything in the air with incredibly quick , deft slashes of his knife .
sorry i do nt have any salad dressing .
finally he gripped his fork securely , jabbed it into the salad , and raised it to his mouth .
he grimaced as he took a mouthful of salad , but he did nt stop chewing .
he probably had nt eaten a fresh salad since his mama made him eat one as a kid , but that day he ate every bite ( making funny faces the whole time ) out of respect for sheriff mitch .
the whole town was buzzing again about how mitch had outdone the knife man simply by making a salad .
the undertaker moved to kansas city ( where there were more killings and he could get more business ) , the horse salesman started selling salad dressing door to door ( he decided if you ca nt lick em , join em ) , and the saloon keeper got rid of his rigged roulette tables and trick cards , and reluctantly started running an honest business .
with a flourish , he pulled the lid off a large bowl to reveal -- a huge salad !
this salad is as good as you d find at any fancy hotel in a big city !
you wo nt find a tastier salad anywhere !
i guarantee you wo nt feel like eating anything else after this salad !
slowly homer speared some of the salad onto his fork and then , with a great effort , raised it to his mouth .
i do nt know what s wrong with you boys , said mitch casually as he chewed away at his salad .
poor tommy grup said in a plaintive voice , you mean , you re never going to have anything besides salad for our meals here ?
i ' m almost tempted to arrest myself just so i can spend the night in jail and have free , fresh salad from my garden !
its salad or nothing from now on , even for breakfast if you re in jail .
nope , said mitch happily , still chewing away at his salad .
and that is how sheriff itchy mitch outsmarted the saloon keeper and got rid of the lazy , no - good loafers with some leafy salad that had a healthy dose of cactus rinds and garlic .
every day for the next two weeks mitch babied that cow as if it were a newborn giraffe , bringing it special salads , talking to it , and even giving it a special cantelope juice bath .
he then went from cow to cow and offered it some of flutterbusket 's garlic salad , but not one of them wanted any , and several wrinkled their noses and tried to run away .
there was plenty of chili and bread for everyone , and lots of salad from mitch 's garden ( which hardly anyone ate ) and some cake and plenty of water to drink .
that afternoon , when she was nt playing with her hair , she was stabbing at her salad with little - to - no dressing , which was ( and still is ) the staple of her diet .
sam owed her more than a salad from kroger 's even if he had carefully selected each item , made sure he included spinach ( to which he had an admitted personal aversion ) , topped it with shredded cheese and croutons , and smothered it in her favorite blue cheese dressing .
the salad is in the fridge , and i just popped in the garlic bread . ''
a seasoned salad and what looked like vegetable lasagna were teasing her nose with garlic and oregano .
i 'll take care of the food , '' jennifer offered , pulling out the container of salad and dividing it equally into two plastic bowls .
she gestured at their salads .
the salads were on ice , a loaf of dee dee 's best bread was sliced and waiting along with the ingredients for a quick pasta dishassuming they made it to the entree .
` ` no , the salads are all ready .
` ` i do my own salad dressing .
but the salad will do for the time being . ''
a lunch of finger sandwiches and various salads was spread on the table .
a salad made from flowers of the amazonian jungle and a bottle of coke from 1923 chilled with antarctic ice brought from the magnetic south pole that morning .
there , a multitude of physical phenotypes was always on display : red - necked , white - armed trailer trash ; seriously armed african american gangsta rappers ; hard - nosed expat taiwanese and korean mom and pop small business men and women ( armed with an always loaded shotgun close at hand behind the shop counter ) ; glock - packing middle - eastern phd geniuses reduced to driving taxis and more and more and the memory made him marvel at the material diversity - the tossed salad of racial genes - that comprised his fellow californians .
now lets finish up our preparations so we can partake of our customary pre - show dinner of beef and salad , bugs gleefully asserted while hoisting a box of candles upon his shoulder .
the taste of beef and salad still on his lips , bugs glanced at the mass gathered in the rats tail that night .
that night they dined on their traditional meal of beef and salad , bought fresh at a sooty stoops caf .
many of the perfects shared the same beard luster , and as the friends talked , benedict came to realize that it was due , in no small part , to their common , pre - show ritual of sharing a dinner of beef and salad , the latter of which was dressed with olive oil and grapefruit juice .
while benedict had patented a modified version of salad dressing , smirks puffchest , jr . became known , once again , for his master cookery .
i briefly glanced at the tray by my desk , which was loaded to the brim with steaming lasagna , a salad containing every color of the rainbow , iced tea , and a variety of side dishes and desserts .
maurice offered kate some of his bread and she shared her salad .
yes , it was good to be a small leaf in the tossed salad bowl of life once again .
* * * ` ` grilled rock lobster salad , '' bridgework said from the opposite end of the table , ` ` is the finest way to begin a meal .
the fed boys would become another weight to carry , another variable in the equation , another vegetable portion in a growing salad .
neil came into the livingroom with some freshly - made salad and a milkshake .
neil gave him a look which succinctly expressed the feeling : ' this is my salad , not your salad , i ' m not going to make you salad . '
neil gave him a look which succinctly expressed the feeling : ' this is my salad , not your salad , i ' m not going to make you salad . '
emmett came into the room just as james was putting the roach in and neil was polishing off the last of his salad .
no salad or green shit .
there was growling and gnashing of teeth and lumps of pork and bread and salad were scattered about like sea spray .
i think ill make irish stew and caesar salad .
chapter five clarity ate the grilled chicken breast with fries and dijon mustard , followed by a balsamic vinegar salad , yogurt and raspberrry sherbet , with the same impatience of an athlete after an olympic , synchronized swimming performance .
belter barely looked up , busy as he was sieving off with his fork the pine nuts from a plate of salad and knowing , as he did , that drade was about to enter , having spied his reflection a couple of minutes earlier in the glass of one of the ajar bay windows .
it all started when people began adding nuts to salad , said belter , continuing to sift .
today is wednesday , so i have to eat a rich salad appetizer followed by a small meat course and then a pudding - which must , belter jabbed his fork authoritatively in drades direction , have cream or another dairy product in it , which is primarily white in hue .
belter eyes settled once more upon his heap of salad and cheese .
and the secretary was holding a big salad knife !
a light brunch of salad with chicken waited for her in the kitchen .
he removed the warm wilted rocket , the splayed slice of gherkin and the limp excuse for a tomato , then after rolling the sorry salad into the damp film that had long lost its ability to cling , he pushed the moist bundle to the side .
a leaf of iceberg lettuce , a scoop of potato salad , a roll of salmon , a gherkin and a couple of capers .
in the summer it was a litre glass of cola with a mixed fruit salad , leftovers from the breakfast bar , dropped into it .
how 's your salad by the way ?
josie : oh it 's fine i wish i 'd gotten- john : well you know salad 's not really a real kind of food it 's just , it 's just leaves and it 's just grass , it 's just plants and it 's just trees .
it 's not something you really eat i mean can your body be made of salad ?
if you spend all of your days eating salad , you 're not gon na be made of anything strong , you 're gon na be limp and floppy and you 're gon na fall down , you 're gon na hide in a corner , you 're gon na be like simon i was telling you about .
we went to bakers steak house , although she calls it bakers bug , because i once found a bug in my salad there , she said .
just after i finished speaking , the waiter returned , placed two salads on the table and said , gentlemen , your dinners will be out shortly .
finally , with a plainly grateful smile , she accepted the offer and requested a bowl of vegetable soup , a side salad , and a giant oatmeal cookie from a deli called smiths take - away and grocery .
a small buffet of fruit , green salad , hot dogs , hamburgers , condiments , barbeque potato chips , and canned soda was placed on the bar ; this was not fancy food by any stretch of the imagination , but two of my favorites happened to be represented : hot dogs and barbeque potato chips .
i picked up my fork again and poked at my salad , feeling pensive .
i sighed , suddenly finished with my salad ; i did nt want to eat ever again .
carlene was in the kitchen helping nancy with the salads .
* * * despite her assertion that the barbecue was to be nothing fancy , carlene spent the morning cleaning the kitchen and preparing salads and dips while reuben hosed the patio and degreased the barbecue .
she delegated reuben to cleaning the barbecue while she went out shopping for pre - dinner savouries , salads , marinated meats , breads , desserts and after - dinner chocolates .
still , the confirmation day tasting menu at breakfastcajun deviled eggs , cucumber salad , smoked oysters , a sazerac cocktail , alligator skewers , and nutria croquets -- made up for any confusion the hoteliers sartorial choices might have caused .
this , before the salads were even brought to the table !
well , i guess i could bring a bag of salad , he said .
and so he came for thanksgiving this year and indeed brought a bag of salad .
heres the salad , he said , as he handed me a bag of iceberg lettuce and shredded carrot pieces .
ill provide the salad .
i brought a bag of salad , i said .
i guess the salad will have to do .
she dragged him out the living room door and down the corridor , him squealing , her telling him that if he did nt shut up , shed serve scotilly a salad with his nuts in it instead of radishes .
they went into the kitchen , where stella made a giant salad in a large wooden bowl , and served it with a baguette and unsalted butter .
on her desk is a big colorful salad .
janice hangs up the phone as she glares at the carrots and avocado in her salad .
the woman stopped chewing her bite of dill shrimp salad , and looked at gwen .
the woman ate more of her shrimp salad , trying to figure out if this was a joke .
he remembered he had a salad for dinner the night before and completed a three - mile run before work .
because that is probably how he is going to treat me in five years , she explained cheerfully between bites of a papaya salad .
i laughed and started to fix myra a healthy , nutritious salad .
tad ordered chicken salad and a lager .
why get a chicken salad ?
tad poked at his chicken salad , but soon he was humming again .
she had a nice goulash , and a fresh cucumber salad , yes .
over at the other table , it sounded like wayne and vladi were discussing caviar , and how to match them to the right crackers and the different styles of russian salads .
he probably really did love russian salads .
quantum physics , macro - economics , micro - economics , yo gabba gabba and why some people actually like salad .
you know like fresh air , companionship , exercisea salad ; stuff like that .
with a menu full of burritos , enchiladas , tacos , nachos and other meat and cheese based dishes i chose the tortilla chicken salad .
day 2 the mishap being new to salad i learned quickly that all salads are not the same and it is crucial that you read all that is in them .
day 2 the mishap being new to salad i learned quickly that all salads are not the same and it is crucial that you read all that is in them .
we found ourselves at an uncharacteristically upscale establishment , after a brief perusal of the menu i selected the chopped salad .
unlike the previous night this salad did not fill me and now i was left with the taste of toe jam in my mouth .
getting a salad was easy as i only mildly dabble in sushi and have no real pull towards it .
this time i read the descriptions carefully and once again selected the chopped salad being that i could find nothing that might possibly be foot fungi in the ingredients .
the salad arrived with pieces of breaded chicken and bacon sprinkled about ( remember you can improve anything with either bacon or chocolate ) .
i worried that i may have become possessed by some salad loving demon turning me into one of those people who profess to love eating salad .
a ) salad , no matter how good it tastes , can only momentarily pacify the beast inside of me .
surveying the menu i found only three salads .
none of them were particularly appealing and my gut told me that none would quell the hunger pangs , so i settle on their house salad .
i know that the nutritional and dietary benefits of a salad draped in two kinds of cheese , croutons and ranch dressing are minimal which is why i chased that salad down with a bacon cheeseburger .
that salad went down easier and faster than any salad i d had all week .
that salad went down easier and faster than any salad i d had all week .
eating that much salad is just not right .
case no.2 , my wife ( who also keeps herself in fine shape ) made a nice looking and fine tasting chicken salad for dinner a few days after i returned home .
she confessed that the salad did not hit the spot and shed felt ornery the rest of the evening .
see there , salad leaves even the nicest person in the world feeling unfulfilled and grouchy .
okay , show of hands , you ve got one meal left to eat before passing on ; who s picking a salad ?
my parents did nt like people who used organic kale in their salads , or wore self - winding watches , or had too many calcium deposits , but i did nt have time to ponder that thought , i had my blind date to rescue .
we walked the short distance for lunch and sat down with our salad , shepherds pie , pecan pie and iced tea .
i found a hole - in - the - wall that sold pizza and subs and salads .
i had an hour before seeing sister bonita , so i ate a salad very slowly and still had forty - five minutes to waste .
matt , deep in thoughts forked a starter salad .
i bought a salad and ate it in the park and then returned to the conference hall .
heidi had ordered salads for both of us .
a waiter came , introduced himself , poured chilled water in the goblet and took her order ; green salad and stuffed chicken .
when the waiter came over with menus she waved them away and ordered a small porterhouse steak with baked potato for herself and grilled salmon with a salad for roger .
the fifth course appeared , a dill shrimp salad that demanded a return to white wine , a chenin blanc from sancerre .
now busy removing the cling wrap from a chicken salad sandwich .
moved the plate aside and made room for his salad .
a dense ball of half - chewed salad got stuck in traffic .
i grab a menu someone left behind and we both order chicken salad sandwiches .
i order the burger that called me with a side salad and an extra large strawberry daiquiri .
i pick at my salad , scarf down the primed rib and glazed carrots , and savor for tiramisu for desert .
` ` how about tuna fish on toast and fruit salad ? ''
` ` with fruit salad , '' ruthie adds .
the fruit salad is next to it .
not being particularly fond of salad before , grass was definitely not the best option .
will decided to play it safe and ordered a cold meat salad , while alice ordered a mixed seafood salad .
will decided to play it safe and ordered a cold meat salad , while alice ordered a mixed seafood salad .
will had long since finished his salad and was still hungry .
umm salad ?
two burgers , fries , and side salad , please .
they tucked into a tasty burger , cold wrinkly fries , and a rather insipid salad .
white vinegar for my salad is actually clear sour apple juice .
they did , but i could see it was rotgut , so i bought a salad , sat down , and proceeded to pour five thousand calories of blue cheese dressing on it , triple my allotment of calories for an entire day .
i said , get a grip , girl , tossed the salad in the trash , debated again buying three or four of the little bottles and downing them consecutively , one after another , walked out of the cafe and went to the curators office .
the plate had what looked like baked potato and a salad and a glass of water .
lunch for illia was a salad .
she did n't look in my direction , so i shouted , asking if she 'd like to share my simple meal of hamburger and salad .
i gave her my salad and i ate four burgers with onions , tomato , cheese and ketchup .
in it were grilled cheese sandwiches wrapped in aluminum foil , a large bowl of potato salad , some nachos and melted cheese and two bottles of cold beer .
` ` uh ... could i have a small salad with fried eggs and black coffee and a glass of orange juice , please . ''
` ` tuna salad . ''
then she came to the table with an herbed pork roast , cauliflower in a cheese sauce and a salad with spinach , tomatoes , cucumbers and a marvelous dressing that she invented .
hank arranged the collection in a mud - brick salad bowl and set it out for the bats .
she put a finger to her upper lip to block his view of masticated chicken salad .
needless to say , we eat a lot of salads .
since he was famished after his ordeal , one of the young students gave him a bite of her chicken salad sandwich .
i really like chicken salad , jules said looking at the wall above alans head .
an hour later she carried him back downstairs and placed a salad in front of him .
he gazed in disgust at the salad .
he s also made a salad and a sauce to go over the steaks .
i think ill have some tuna and avocado salad tonight , she said flatly without offering any of her disappearing smoothy crunch bar .
every so often you hear of mysterious deaths at family gatherings , usually put down to bad potato salad , or sudden heart attacks .
all you can offer is a bunch of relatives arguing around a picnic table about who was supposed to bring the potato salad . ''
she ordered a salad of heirloom greens grown right on the hotel property .
she forked up some of her spinach salad and then asked , have you picked out names ?
cooks did not add two cups of salad dressing to anything ; they added spin blend .
i poured sue a glass of wine and began chopping vegetables for the salad .
` ` if i had as much determination as that cat , i could rule the world , '' i said to ben , as i put the salad on the sideboard .
she was meticulously comparing calorie counts on the various salad dressing bottles , and putting the rejected ones back in all the wrong places .
in any event , he sure was nt preparing egg salad .
for , they reasoned , no great creator had the right to fashion rabbit - sledges and elf salads , which were a perversion of the great source of all .
` ` i 'll have a soup and salad , ma'am , blue cheese dressin ' , with crackahs .
jeannie shortly brought his soup and salad .
the salad , however , had brown leaves , wilted edges , and was a teeny bit dry .
hamburgers are the out - and - out mainstay at the fantastic , and cost a mere $ 1.99 for a third - pound of beef , with a toasted sesame - seed bun , all condiments , letters , a dill pickle or sliced sweets , onion , and a side of potato salad or a bag of chips .
` ` how 's the salad ? ''
i finally decided on salad as it was a hot day .
tuesday june 5th 2012 i d booked today off so i made sure i was ready with breakfast in the morning for alison , fruit salad and a bowl of cereal .
i made a chicken salad for lunch then we watched a film this afternoon .
since its mothers day , my sister and i made my mom and dad spaghetti , garlic bread , salad and a carrot cake for dessert .
she had a picnic basket full of fried chicken , country ham biscuits , potato salad , snap peas , and coconut cake .
flaco the smuggler recruited lump woman from a local vegetable stand where she barely scraped by from day to day selling low cal taco salads , the little bighorn battlefield national monument management having to let go most of the tour guides because of congressional budgetary cutbacks made necessary to finance a congressional pay raise .
she had a salad .
chicken parmigiana with all the trimmings : pasta , caeser salad , dinner rolls .
now , this seemed an easy task for our heroes , but the part that transfigured the quest from a simple journey to an epic task was not the ocean , not the exorbitant amount of walking or climbing , not any of the challenges that they would encounter on the way , but that the shooter of the ball only had one shot to make it in , and if they failed , both the shooter and the ball would turn into a salad .
far away from the tax - wolf - man , they bounded oer stone paths and fields of salad , until they collapsed from exhaustion and took their lunch from a salad bush , which unfortunately reminded arthur of what would happen to him if he could nt make that free throw .
for salad is one of the most difficult materials to walk through , almost rivaling quicksand .
after taking a bit of extra precaution not to step on the neonatal salad plants waiting in the foyer , they gazed up when they saw that arthur had trod upon concrete , and bari floated above the very same substance , and it seemed that they had no entered a labyrinth , but a vast warehouse , bereft of anything that might take up any amount of space and thusly make it seem even a little bit smaller .
contents chapter twenty four .. as the customer its my right not to want salad .
and it still costs the same without salad .
pfeffer , shoveling in a late - night snack of potato salad , almost choked when i said i meant ` ` female in my bunk '' as a compliment to orta .
his fork danced on the potato salad , and his head wobbled on his neck .
we unpacked the groceries and began preparing a salmon filet and a robust salad .
ok , but you just put half of the plastic carrot wrap into the salad .
ok , lets revisit this one after were done eating , she suggested and then when she saw me liberally spreading cheese over my salad , she said jesus , look at all the parmesan cheese you re using !
that being a pasta salad for kim and a meatball feast for me .
but i do nt appreciate it for the simple fact that he makes me eat the good stuff like porridge and fruit salads , when i ve got a mighty craving for a greasy fry - up or even a bowl of those sickly sweet honeybees cereal .
hurry up and change so you can make a big salad .
* * * i passed the bowl of salad to my dad , as i nervously awaited the dinner conversation .
i turned my gaze to eleanor , who somehow appeared to be enjoying her little salad .
its a salad .
eleanor poked at her salad , never looking me in the eye .
greet the parents , feed the cat , make a salad , set the table .
i told him its like a big group thing , she said , while picking out the grungy - looking lettuce from her salad .
asked laura , through a mouthful of asian peanut salad .
coleslaw , potato salad , rice and peas , you know .
and the weird american brought an actual green salad , having learned that you can just barely get anything green in a meal here .
oh , please , i say , tearing the lettuce for a salad the kids will whine about .
wash lettuce for the salad , salmon ready for the grill , couscous and broccoli off of the stove .
over salads and quite a bit of chardonnay at the overpriced caf that she has chosen , she tells me her woes .
emily unwrapped the plastic from two chicken salad sandwiches and placed them upon the table , and then laid out a large apple pie and two cans of coke .
no apple pies or plastic - wrapped chicken salad sandwiches on fancy crusty bread ?
so if you wan na find us for a miracle , just look for the wheezing faded blue honda sedan with two kids in the trunk ( legally , promise ) faithfully yours , valentine wolfe -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- pizza hut order # 3 10/29/08 6:54pm items price 1 large pep pizza ... ... . $ 5.99 2 garlic bread st ... ... . $ 2.99 3 salads ... ... ... ... ... . $ 3.99 6 sodas ... ... ... ... ... .. $ 5.99 total $ 19.32 subtotal $ 20.00 change $ 0.68 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- to : slayerboi2001 @ yahoo.com from : admin @ slayerscore.net subject : strike one lord benjamin wolfe , it has been brought to our attention that you ve been playing against the rules of medieval slayers .
she remembered that her friend lynn macarthur and her son phil were coming for lunch today and that she was serving egg salad sandwiches .
he had picked it up with his hands holding the top with the result that much of the egg salad fell out onto the table , his lap and the floor .
for a salad fiona made a waldorf salad of apples , walnuts and raisins .
while lowell was showering and she and bill made tuna salad sandwiches for lunch , she broached the subject .
chapter 8 a chicken lasagna baked in the oven as lydia tore lettuce and chopped vegetables for a salad .
lydia had finished the salad and put it on the table .
in the kitchen margie put the finishing touches on the simple meal of salmon baked with lemon and herbs , salad and hot rolls .
the thought that that young man , chris andrews , was just the beginning of an interesting day lifted his spirits , and while he heated the lasagna and made a salad he found himself whistling a tune from tchaikovskys swan lake .
he was going to enjoy the lunch of smoked salmon and pasta salad washed down with a good wine ; then for the rest of the day he was going to relax .
the beer was cold , the grill was fired up and ready , the salad and hors doeuvres of onion dip , baked pita - bread chips and sliced vegetables that becky brought were on the table , and the adults were sitting at the table under a parasol and keeping an eye on the boys .
yes , after we make a salad and boil the pasta , becky said .
turning to myron , she asked , you could use some help with the salad , could nt you ?
the boys helped myron make a salad by washing the lettuce , an operation they had been taught to do , and as they ate the meal they shared their day .
the girls helped them bring the meal for tonights meeting into the kitchentuna casserole all prepared and ready for heating , the salads , the buns , the desserts and the like .
she buttered a piece of french bread they were having with the spaghetti and salad .
he loosened his tie and put on his slippers while gruffly saying , hello , charlene , and then he and his briefcase went down into the basement office , where he remained while the boys returned to the family room floor to play a game of chess , martha and aunt cora made a salad , put the roast and potatoes in the oven and simmered some green beans , and charlie unpacked and called her mother .
the potential for danger simply gave an edge to their ethical duty ; it was the vinegar in their salad dressing .
in the kitchen , he remembered that his mother asked him to make a salad and get a rice dish going for their supper of chicken barbecued on the grill .
he got the material out of the refrigerator to make a salad .
while he washed the produce , made the salad and put the pan and the box of rice mix out on the counter to remind him to put it on the stove at five oclock , he thought about charlie and the chances for a relationship .
walter had given himself the rare luxury of a day off , and devoted some of his morning to preparing salads .
he is good with the salads , yes ?
with the salads , he s an absolute marvel , emily said .
at one end of the enormous kitchen table , judith had set three places , and a large bowl of salad protected from stray insects by a beaded gauze cover .
salmon salad , water , then tea , chamomile .
tonights repast called for sliced broiled flank steak and scalloped potatoes and seven - bean salad .
grandmas potatoes were exceptionally delicious because she used a bit of half and half in addition to straight 2 percent milk and the bean salad was always fun with her addition of nopalitos ( deneedled , skinned , spiced , and julienned prickly pear cactus ) to the mix .
the nopalitos were a labor of love since , as mucilaginous as they are , repeated washings are required before they re suitable for the salad somewhat reminiscent of fresh okra .
caesar salads followed by rare filet mignons served with a delectable mushroom sauce , french fries ( larger , but certainly a worthy match for mcdonalds fries that wade thought were the best in the world ) , and absolutely crave - inducing toasted and buttered hint - of - garlic slices of french bread constituted a truly delicious dinner .
the salads are especially nice here .
they devoured their salads with gusto .
every day between classes , i drag my classmate carrie with me to the burger king on the edge of campus , where i religiously order four things from their dollar menu : a salad , onion rings , french fries , and a pie .
coleslaw , jello salad , taco dip .
i smile , realizing the chunks of fruit in the jello salad are distinguishable only by their color .
she opens gift after gift as i excuse myself to prepare a breakfast of fruit salad and the overnight blueberry french toast that i started last night .
if we want a salad , well just go outside and pick the ingredients .
the bread was thick cut and liberally centred , the filling beef and salad .
they both sat , steven took a sixth bite and matt ordered an egg salad sandwich .
they attended all the lectures he gave and accompanied him to dinner every evening , which invariably consisted of salad and baked potato .
a few weeks later when we went on a picnic ( he refused to lunch in a restaurant ) she brought pasta salad and radishes .
chicken salad , hold the extra mayo , radzinsky replied matter - of - factly .
i was alarmed when she sat down , apprehensive as she addressed me by name , and even more disturbed when , in that familiar little girl voice , she calmly ordered a chicken salad , hold the extra mayo as if it were the most normal request in the world .
asking someone to ` just say no , whether its to crack or driving drunk or scarfing bacon and egg salad , or a sausage grinder , is nt a real strong incentive for someone to change behavior .
the alcoholic salad man , harold , was laying down a frantic buddy rich beat as he used two ten - inch chef knives to chop up a heads of iceberg and romaine lettuce .
despite dozens of admonitions to cut the greens to a certain size , the consistency of harolds salads was determined by a music only he could hear .
when the kitchen was hit with a dinner rush , rather than panicking as the salad and dessert men often did , pete moved even faster and became more efficient .
at the end of the night , as peter piled crackers with blue cheese , onion and pieces of leftover bacon and raoul picked at a sparse spinach salad , raoul said , dearie , was there a point ?
he ordered nime chow and a beef and noodle salad .
you could make a salad .
being close to the house someone was always running down there to get a handful for iced tea or to steam with fresh peas or put in carrot salad .
he should eat more salads and use his cane and get out and cry about evie and pick up a pen and hang his pants when he pulls them from the dryer .
i have only eggs left , and some salad , she explained .
want some salad ?
soon after noon , the forensic team arrived at the house , washed , and gathered around the kitchen table where tony and emily served them a range of homemade pies with salad .
she dumps the cooked potatoes into a cafeteria sized metal bowl , where it joins two previous similar batches of boiled potatoes , waiting to be converted into potato salad for the big sunday dinner late that afternoon .
so the afternoon passes , until by 4:00 there are dozens of loaves of fresh warm bread , big bowls of potato salad , big platters of fried chicken and sweet corn , a bit of tomato and lettuce salad , two trays of carrot sticks , scallions , pimento - stuffed green olives and cubes of a very mild cheddar cheese garnished with fancy toothpicks , all the makings of a gala home - cooked dinner .
` ` miss zoe jalissa zamora ate two entire miniature pancakes , and about an ounce of pineapple banana salad . ''
he drank his fruit salad as a smoothie .
the tray contains a platter of salad - like antipasto items : black and green olives , celery and carrot sticks , radishes , bits of lettuce .
she sets out a big bowl of tossed green salad .
she takes a few bits of the salad .
she looks at the salad , remembering that earlier in the evening she had looked forward to eating it .
that night during dinner , a dinner which consisted of roasted pork tenderloin , rice pilaf and a green salad with four colors of tomatoes , maryellen planted the seed by making up a conversation that jeannine and she had had about how the profits they made from the sale of yarn , needles , patterns and classes was almost exceeded by the appreciation of their unit , assuming the new assessment was correct .
steve remained silent as he continued to stare at his salad , now using his fork to half - heartedly poke the bulbous end of a large slice of hard - boiled egg .
steve could feel fear , hopelessness and frustration coursing through him , and he felt like he was going to be physically sick as he continued to lightly jab the hard - boiled egg in his salad , realizing as he did so that the glistening - white and grayish - yellow of the egg reminded him of allan elliotts eyes .
and every time i was almost ready to give it up , some stranger would happen by and take some lettuce for a salad , or a watermelon for a picnic .
agnolotti stuffed with pumpkin , a salad of baby artichoke and artichoke pure , and for the gentleman , a gigantic t - bone steak with spunta potatoes and garlic .
they have salads , too .
in his voice was the hope that one of the chickens would fess up to jettisoning a weird exotic baby animal or a portion of unfinished potato salad , but no go .
it always consisted of meat , potatoes or rice , never pasta though , a salad and homemade dessert .
as melissa was fixing a fruit salad , ananda said , are you certain that you are using a knife right now ?
: ananda had finished the delicious fruit salad , and melissa was now serving tea in the dining room .
he set about attacking his dinner as if time might run out before the bowl was clean while harry washed the fruit , rinsed the spinach , fixed the salad .
: he finished tossing the salad , brought it over to the table and sat down .
tossed the salad one last time .
and now , as he entered the kitchen , he looked down with feigned disgust at harrys as yet barely disturbed salad .
harry returned to his salad , another couple of careful bites , then blew on his tea to cool it .
harry resumed his salad , harman - karman scratched vixer behind his ears .
salad , tea , and some fruit .
an ambrosia salad .
and because i felt untouchable i agreed and found myself at a hastily prepared saturday lunch , cold meat and potato salad , a little limp lettuce and one of those relentlessly grey days when there is no sky at all .
: nachiketa , she began halfway through lunchwe shared a large , delicious salad .
she picked up her fork and took another bite of salad .
she picked at her salad a little more , as if not knowing exactly how to continue .
i shook my head slowly , and looked at the remains of my salad .
at which point , very much on cue , she returned , this time with a tray of sandwiches , two salads , tea and some sparkling water .
the salads were sprinkled with mozzarella .
a minute later the girl returned with an avocado and sprouts sandwich and a green salad without cheese .
ordered a salad from room service which was not all that bad .
over salad she said , she told me about it after you left last night .
yeah , like a nun , she said , and took another bite of her salad .
she knows i m looking for the figure i used to have , so she brings salads and soups made with her fresh herbs .
instinctively , i quiet the crunching of my salad .
this salad is delicious .
shoulders , now golden from the sun , arms , still a bit flabby , but toning thanks to the salads and hikes with laska .
mother had prepared the salad of rice , you / he / she had done her for me , because i adore him .
there is inside everything in a salad of rice sort as it is owed : gherkins , carciofini , olives , wurstel , ham , cheeses , peppers , peas , corn , everything .
yet the salad of rice does n't know neither of gherkins , neither of carciofini , neither of olives , neither of wurstel , neither of ham , neither of cheeses , neither of peppers , neither of peas , neither so much less than corn .
the salad of rice , knows about salad of rice and , to want to see , the people are some as the salad of rice .
the salad of rice , knows about salad of rice and , to want to see , the people are some as the salad of rice .
the salad of rice , knows about salad of rice and , to want to see , the people are some as the salad of rice .
let 's eat a sandwich in truck stop or a salad or a cappuccino or a toblerone !
cannon ordered bratwurst and german potato salad and beer all around , unswayed by interrogation of the menu or any survey of preferences from his companions .
appetizers of dolmari , hummus , olives , baby dill pickles , and turkish salad surround the main dish .
nathalie handed carolyn the bowl of couscous and took the plate of chicken and a bowl of salad and pointed out to the dining room .
she s making a salad .
ok . with giant wooden spoons , dianne energetically tosses the salad .
katie ordered a green salad a la carte and a glass of water .
a liquidated form of her dinnerfruit salad , tuna , perrierejected from her throat and spewed out of her mouth , falling into the blue scented water below .
you make a vegetable salad , bob .
she can hardly look at the salad in front of her , and wonders if she 'll be able to conjure enough hunger to eat anything at all .
everyone else has already started eating their salad .
` ` if everyone 's done with their salads , you can pass around the turkey , '' annie says , motioning to the dish of sliced turkey , and picking it up , passing it to eric .
toms menu included baked beans from the deli and a huge green salad that looked like a lot of work but was really two large containers of toppings from the salad bar at the supermarket dumped on top of bagged lettuce .
in toms opinion adding expensive deli olives and roasted red peppers to the potato salad was a big improvement which also demonstrated that he could nt be completely bossed around .
bring out the salads , will you ?
they brought the salads out and the kids tore into the food .
said elaine , when the salads arrived .
said tom , picking bits of blue cheese out of his salad .
she shook it off and polished off the rest of her salad .
allison picked her pita bread into pieces and mopped up leftover salad dressing with it .
a salad .
i put some of your goat cheese on my salad last night .
glasses of wine are ordered , followed by salads , entrees ( oysters rockefeller for the ladies , sirloins for the gentlemen ) , more wine , and lively conversation .
i thought a picnic would be nicer than the buddha , i say , without mentioning that this change in plans had come about through dr . goodleighs insistence and that the hampers contents the greek olives , devilled eggs , cheese straws , strawberries , honeydew slices , cheese , crackers , chicken salad , chocolates and a cleverly camouflaged bottle of white wine that would probably escape the notice of any campus cops who might be about were all of dr . goodleighs selection .
the ladies have prepared fire grilled tempeh steaks , skewers of caramelized vegetables , an artichoke salad , sourdough bread with pumpkin and sunflower seeds , and a chocolate mousse for dessert , all washed down with a jug of good red wine .
i m cleaning out the refrigerator , and have some nice lettuce and bread and chicken salad that s just going to go to waste .
i gaze about the hotel room at the debris from last night the dirty dishes , the covered trays that held the caesar salad , oysters rockefeller , steak and crepes , the three empty bottles of pouilly fuisse .
still , the boys are throwing a barbecue hot dogs , hamburgers , store - bought potato salad , chips as a welcome home party , to thank dr . goodleigh for her hospitality .
they started with a urek , a traditional polish mushroom soup , followed by a garden salad .
she called me into the kitchen to make the salad and cook rice .
i had to be slower in chopping the vegetables for the salad or i was liable to cut my finger .
when i finished making the salad , i set the table .
i dished out very small portions of the stir - fry , rice and salad .
i put together the salad myself .
they were putting together a salad in the tiny kitchen of his midtown apartment which they now shared .
say , you d better mind what you re doing or well be having sliced - nger salad .
tina was battering chicken in the back and , in the tiny ofce at the rear of the store cynthia , the stores co - owner and by day a bank teller , was watching the evening news and eating a salad .
sally ca nt help it , anthony said , starting a salad in a big polystyrene bowl .
he s still your brother , i said , sampling a green salad .
a couple minutes later she returned with a big platter full of italian salads and cold cuts .
while she haphazardly perused the menu for the third time , she finally decided on a bowl of fruit and a small salad .
the table was impeccably set , cut slices of a pot roast rested on top of each other while stephens plate had a chicken breast , some steamed vegetables and a small salad beside it .
the marinera is an oval bread stick , with a type of potato salad spread on top , capped off by an anchovy , the best anchovies i ve ever had , made by the people in the bar , small glasses of beer , the hunger and thirst continued to rise .
* numbers , margins , percentages , net , grossall af - ter a potato salad and roast beef sandwich lunch .
* the salads were lofty with blue cheese dressing and bacon bits .
were having steak , potatoes , and a nice salad .
should we do a big salad for dinner ?
maggie turned back to the sink and continued making the salad .
the coleslaw and potato salad was already made , so apart from cooking the barbeque , there was nothing left to do .
the coleslaw was done , as was the potato salad .
faye was bringing lemon meringue pie and fruit salad for desert and mary was bringing a tossed salad .
faye was bringing lemon meringue pie and fruit salad for desert and mary was bringing a tossed salad .
ill go get the salads , she called .
head down , arms swinging furiously beside her , she almost bumped straight into jane who was walking down the back steps , cautiously balancing a bowl of salad in each hand .
lamb chops and mint sauce accompanied with a tossed salad , a glass of cold cordial and a violet crumble bar for dessert .
katy approached with a paper plate weighed down with potato salad , a cheeseburger and tossed salad .
katy approached with a paper plate weighed down with potato salad , a cheeseburger and tossed salad .
` ` the other day , phillip stabbed at the potato salad , you mentioned the second continental congress and made it seem like the colonists did n't trust each other any better than the british . ''
phoebe ordered a greek salad while her aunt chose the lasagna dinner with a side order of garlic bread .
half her aunts lasagna was already gone and the girl had hardly touched her salad .
kirsten slit open a packet of creamy poppy seed dressing and drizzled it over her garden salad .
claudia and her new friend were sitting off in a secluded corner eating salad and bread sticks .
` ` do n't you just love the way they do salads here ? ''
returning to the living room with a salad , linda said pointedly , it does nt feel right to have dwight move in so that s that okay ?
her mom nodded to her salad avoiding the issue .
putting her salad to one side lindas hand fell to her tummy knowing it d never be pregnant again .
they were inside soon after , enjoying cold mutton slices , and plenty of well prepared salads .
she prepared the tastiest fillet steak , rocket salad and crispy chips i have ever eaten ; followed up with my first ever bombed alaska .
i plan to eat salads and eat stuff that does nt come in a styrofoam box .
sunday night was quiet with amanda still in her room with her salad and bagel and her phone network from school .
they had agreed that their lunches would be a demilitarized zone where they turned off pagers and cell phones and ate salads and appetizers and drank dry russian vodka martinis because it was only once a week .
i m just going to make a salad .
ill watch while you make the salad .
he moved between the refrigerator and a cutting board preparing the ingredients of the salad , and when he was almost finished chopping pieces of red pimento , she walked up behind him and reached around his waist , undid his belt and button and zipper and slowly slid his designer jeans down his legs .
the rest of the salad was put together while he walked around in his socks and fresh tight underwear that were obviously starting to strain .
making salads and baking a cake for the first time in her life was nerve racking fun for amanda .
the cold salmon and wonderful vegetables salads were an unexpected delight , and as amanda went on about her week , ian felt like a lost boy who had been found .
from beside a tree , tranh took a rough looking folding table that obviously stayed where it was all year long , and he opened it and began to prepare the meal , as everyone watched in anticipation as he opened plastic containers of salads and fried chicken and fruit .
wedged between mick and a harvard boy named andrew , i ended up ordering a salad .
my caesar salad arrived , mostly caesar and not much salad .
johnson invited bunnu along to an all - night salad bar to which the three were headed in the under city , only to draw scornful glances from his associates .
the all - night salad bar was brighter than the heavens , or at least so it seemed to the dilated pupils of its night - adjusted occupants .
the judges , in particular , were proud of their selection : the work of bussaba lek would finally be known to the civilized world ( actually , unbeknownst to all present at the all - night salad bar , wherewe must rememberthis account of his life was being given by the lesser t.p .
but of course , all of this was still far ahead in the future , and therefore unknown to the gentlemen dining this eve in the all - night salad bar ) .
naturally , in spite of what anyone here in the salad bar said , silver thread representatives from the republic would flatly deny any allegations made refuting the official version , and would have further laughed off any assertions that bussaba had instead been a penniless bus boy in an all - night salad bar in yamis under city ; that he had additionally been a member of a murderous graffiti gang there called the petite pinky wastrels ; that he had taken up painting only as a means of survival to appease a murderous old brothel madam who had wished to have him castrated in order to satisfy the obligations of a debt his father had left unpaid .
enjoy your salads .
something about it reminded him instantly of that bussaba lek painting he had seen with bhakti in the all - night salad bar .
he wants lunch : a big sandwich at least , if not something hot , with a salad on the side .
it was friday and pasta salad went fast .
cindy had a salad and nibbled with a squirrels cuteness , well a squirrel with ds .
naturally its a slow process , but georgia loves her salads and her greens , do nt you dear ?
threw some salsa in a lobster salad , rolled it up in a tortilla like a burrito and we had ole lobster , sold on tuesdays .
margaret stabbed at her salad and ranted about common courtesy and how her time was valuable .
i ended up in a steakhouse cleaning tables , mopping floors , and serving up salad with an unrelenting plastic smile .
i think she does nt like her hair like that , said the white - haired lady as a way to pass time before we reached all those different rice salads , drumsticks , potato salads .
bobo was eating lunch at the bar - linguini with white clam sauce , a glass of chianti and a small greek salad , according to the newspaper .
the police had to fish bobo maronis brains along with feta cheese , anchovies and greek olives from the half - eaten salad .
i ve spent the last twelve weeks farting my brains out on tofu salads , organic bean sprouts and whole grain breads heavier than paving stones .
she checked messages then fixed herself a caesars salad and cup of tea .
the food , pasta with meatballs and a tossed salad , arrived and the guests began passing the dishes around the table .
sure enough , they like to nibble on a fresh strawberry , or discuss the best variety of tomato for their salads .
even the discount meal , pastas and splitting a salad , is extravagant compared to the rest of the trip .
i just need some coffee and maybe a little of that fruit salad .
chapter 10 by the time min had arrived at polly and jims place , polly had prepared a fresh fruit salad of pineapple and papaya to cool them down .
polly told him to help himself to the salad and she told him what they had been talking about .
jim took the bit between his teeth and while eating the salad with gusto , he plunged into an analysis of motives in general .
- this salad is great poll .
peter said he d brought the whisky and some wine for their delectation and min invited michael to stop and have a drink and some of the tuna salad which she had prepared , but he said he would accept the offer some other time .
the genial waiter appeared with large plates with colourful salads taking up much of the surface .
robert reported everything to min that evening as they devoured a fruit salad of bananas pineapple and papaya .
so there i was , dressed to kill ( excuse the pun ) , zooming towards the buffet table when s lady hailed me to bring her some salad and a man at the next table asked for more ice .
mommy is a housewife and she cooks the most delicious fresh lumpia vegetable salad mix in the world .
however , while drying the big broad blue ceramic salad bowl that he liked to use for mixing , he dropped it .
just your standard salad bowl suicide attempt , chuck answered .
and if its not helen , then of course gladys might call up and whisper god knows what demands into the phone with her failing voice ; or ruth might just remember that she had meant to make a batch of her infamous raisin bran muffins and take some over there , because she worries that gladys does nt eat enough gladys being a classic stick figure , with calves no thicker than the legs of her aluminum walker and much less flexible even though pam is there at least four times a week to clean and bring in groceries , and always leaves her some kind of casserole or a tupperware full of tuna salad .
over our salads i told them about my three years in walnut creek , drawing out the experience as much as i could , wondering to myself how three years of ones life could sink so suddenly down the drain .
a waiter offered me a reverse salad , which turned out to be a small plate of vegetables with precisely one spinach leaf on top .
crap , i whispered to myself , setting down my reverse salad and hovering awkwardly behind them , wondering if it was ethical to use a quote that you happened to overhear .
i had brought mine , but accompanied her to a small caf where she bought a premade edamame and carrot salad .
we had ordered dinner at that point , and i was trying to eat forkfuls of salad without spilling too much with each bite .
after three hours , my father has returned , the table is set , the lamb is roasted , the potatoes are cooked , the salad is made , the wine is poured , and the bread is broken .
or perhaps the silence was just an opportunity for the word - less digestion of their supper of tunafish salad , sliced tomato , and an english muffin .
the table was laid with bottles of wine , bowls of salad and plates of meat .
see salads ?
their food arrived , a pot pie for grace , fields special salad for rachel , and a cheeseburger for niklas .
nik got chicken tenders with dipping sauce while izzy and beth had spinach salads .
i never saw a boy eat a salad , nik commented .
this potato salad is great , mr . larkin .
okra and tomatoes , cornbread , fried chicken , potato salad , blackberry cobbler ( he can smell it cooling off ) , a veritable feast with leftovers for the whole week .
i mean , you ate half the cobbler and three pieces of chicken , a hunk of potato salad .
there were pans and dishes of casseroles and cakes and salads .
i may just be crazy , but it seems like at one time , we had seven colors of congealed jell - o salads lined up beside the sink .
i do nt want to have to hurl into your salmon salad .
~~*~~ in fact , the salmon salad was quite good .
and here are the salads you asked for with oranges from the orchard .
their soups and her salad arrived , so lyssa did nt have to think of a reply .
so i should buy some carrots , too , and add a few carrot leaves to the salad ?
the actress smiled at the waitress as her own order of lamb chops , roast potato and green salad was placed on the table in front of her .
missed not having their tossed salad together in the cafeteria .
` ` the salad ... what about the salad ?
` ` the salad ... what about the salad ?
i have n't had a salad since you left . ''
the wine was so - so , but the salad was also great , tangy , with lots of garlic , olive oil , oregano and not too much vinegar .
just the same old roasts and potatoes and salads .
bryan was impatient and they forgot about the chinese dinner and just heated up some roast and made a salad .
it slid off the table bringing with it a platter of roast pork , two bowls of salad , two glasses of sweet white wine and assorted plastic containers filled with hot vegetables .
they ate egg salad sandwiches and noahs sausage with cheese until 7:30 and sam left before 11 o'clock .
cooks began setting out hams , with a tub of potato salad and a cauldron of beans .
miss benjamin ordered a pastrami on rye with a side of cole slaw and abra ordered a salad even though she was at the mecca of delicious deli food .
while beth made the traditional friday supper with turkey salad leftovers , abra took zack for a walk in his stroller and clay accompanied them to make sure that they did nt get lost .
it was the main meal of the day , soup or salad followed by a main course and desert or fruit .
chicken salad sandwiches , lots of coffee , caffeine - infused energy drinks , and bottled water were scattered across the cherrywood conference table as jamison reviewed the final presentation with the group .
i d ordered a salad , thinking about cholesterol , but it was awkward to eat .
by the time he made it home , the salad was wilted , the main course a bit dried out , and i had nibbled a bit .
zoe stood at the counter putting together a salad .
they are if you like a good salad , he said .
he decided he 'd do linguine in oil and garlic and a salad .
kemp ordered a shrimp salad , and paula langdon asked only for perrier water .
by the way , your salad was delicious .
she pushed bits of salad around with a fork while she formed her answer .
you know -- one house for the drinks and appetizers , another for soups and salads , a third for the main course , and dessert at the end .
she probably ate some of her own chicken salad sandwiches .
although her chicken salad is excellent , i know for a fact that she ran low on time and purchased this batch , miles said .
the women looked at miles curiously as there was suddenly a run on the chicken salad sandwiches .
the best part is that y all all live on the same street ; we can easily walk from the appetizers to the salads , to the main course , to the dessert .
remember , were going to willow pearces house next for soups and salads , then to jills , before ending up at myrtles house for dessert .
she had bowls of covered tossed and pasta salads set out on the tables .
she could at least be asking us if we need tongs for the salad .
because , for heavens sake , we need some tongs for the salad !
she manned the salad table and started helping plates .
much of the salad seemed to be falling onto the floor .
she was busily eating a tossed salad when i saw her , said miles .
being irritated at her perfectionism is one thing , but smashing her over the head with a cast - iron skillet then coolly eating a salad a few minutes later is something else .
and eat a salad afterward .
i made a salad , ate it in the den , watched some tv , then came out here to lift weights . ''
in the kitchen , jean prepared twice - baked potatoes with gruyere while her aunt chopped lettuce , cucumber and tomato for a salad .
occasionally , we catered lunch at her office - sandwiches and salads - when they would have a company meeting .
jean was still in her healthy mode of cooking so tonights dinner was a moroccan stew made with textured vegetable chicken substitute , carrots , and green olives served over couscous with a green salad on the side .
mclean opened a newspaper and glanced at the headlines while waiting for her salad .
frances had nt touched her salad and now looked down at it as if it was a foreign object materializing from the ozone .
inside , marlowe was making the salad , oriole was doing the vegetables and summer was setting the table with the good china and crystal .
and for me , ill have the veggie burger with a side salad .
then i m going to make a tossed salad with white balsamic dressing and follow it with apple pie .
lets meet for lunch about 1:00 at say lone spur , i m dying for a chicken salad and it is so huge i ca nt eat it by myself so you can have half .
summer had pulled a chicken out of the freezer for supper , made dumplings for her world famous chicken and dumpling casserole , added salad and corn on the cob .
summer prepared a celebratory supper of baked cod with garden salad , fresh garden vegetables , and homemade bread .
fred left oriole twisting in the wind , placed a call to the deli for sandwiches and salads and drinks for saturday , then called the florist shop to have them deliver a big bouquet to crimson ranch house , and finally fred drove into town to buy a new pair of jeans and a resistol for the occasion .
after a few minutes we sat down and were served our salads .
since i ' ve been cooking just for sarah and me i ' ve made mostly salads and vegetarian stuff .
it turned out that several of the guys were pretty good cooks and they whipped up potato salad and sandwiches .
if you would n't mind stopping at a store for some good bread and a bag of mixed greens for salad , we can have dinner here .
he also bought some gorgonzola and pine nuts because he liked them in salad .
she had set the table in the kitchen , which was much more intimate than the dining room and seemed more appropriate for the casual dinner of soup and salad .
she covered the sausage and moved to the counter to chop celery for the salad .
we ordered , maggie settling for chicken salad , and i asked for beef on weckrare roast beef , piled high on a salty , caraway seeded kimmelweck roll , served with a kosher dill , sinus - clearing horseradish , and au jus .
for answer , tyana conjured herself a medium rare steak with french fries and salad .
i had made fabulous chicken salad sandwiches with a hint of lemon , no bread crusts , and the edges rolled in crushed cashews .
a few minutes later with an egg salad sandwich and a fresh tea in hand i sat at the table across from george .
she had a salad and she ate without any gusto .
at home that evening after a fun time playing fetch she made a big salad and added goodies .
she made a big salad and put into the refrigerator .
he had made one of his artisan salads with dry cranberries and feta cheese .
you 're still picky about your salads miss holy boly .
bootsy went back to eating her salad .
the lined the contents up on the counter ; salad fixings to the far left , the items that could sometimes be used in salads , then vegetables , and at last fruits .
she had a large salad with shrimp and crab before cleaning the two and a half baths .
the salad was made .
i 'll have the broccoli soup and the salad please .
she also had a fruit salad and rolls .
a chef salad and a little television were her plans for the rest of the evening , she said , then on to bed .
while we conversed we ate salads and chicken noodle soup , then we talked some more while i helped her clean up the dishes .
well , yes , they do , marie did the agreeing this time , but i looked up sharply from the salad i had been stabbing with my fork .
during the salad i politely asked him about his own day .
i left early enough to stop somewhere to eat a salad and to browse for something to bring to the soiree .
it was dark , but i knew my way about well enough to find a small grocery store to purchase a salad and a roll .
katrina sat at one of the tables and opened the chef salad .
she ate the entire salad and drank two cans of diet dr . pepper .
on the third round to get salads , chris bursts into the kitchen , excitement written all over her face and exuded from her pores .
several of the people on my side requested the chilled soup in place of the salad .
i left the kitchen to deliver my next batch of salads to table twenty - three .
the salads were shaking a little in my hands by this point .
i arrived at my table and quickly served the salads then i fled the ballroom .
the cold from the refrigerator was chilling her legs , but she was nt even looking at the chicken or potato salad .
lets see , chicken , potato salad , kidney bean salad .
fruit salad .
jake opened the refrigerator again and located the fruit salad .
i brought her some ham salad .
she likes ham salad .
kroger makes good ham salad .
she prepared my favorite meal of steak , baked potatoes , and garden salad , with fresh peach cobbler for dessert , plying me with food as though buying my confidence .
i bet glenda and i could mix up a great salad and maybe a light dessert .
he has been a tremendous help with the salads , emily said nervously .
pilar looked up from her salad .
when she first spotted him , she dropped the fork into her salad .
prewashed gourmet three leaf lettuce made up the salad , to which shed add a couple of chopped vine ripened , yellow tomatoes .
sam helped him put the finishing touches on a salad and he took four good - sized steaks out to a grill on a back deck .
in the kitchen , she tossed the salad and noticed that he d put ears of fresh corn into a steamer , so she pulled them out and located a serving bowl .
they ll pick a bunch of unknown greens and make up a salad .
i was ravenous by the time we got there , and i managed to wolf down a gourmet burger and two sides in less than half the time it took her to sip a glass of lemonade and pick two leaves out of her salad .
i was more careful , choosing the least expensive option on the menu , a garden salad ( which was still twelve - fifty- for that price i was expecting some pretty fancy ingredients- if they brought me some wedges of iceberg and a couple of shredded carrots i intended to stage a revolt ) and added a water with lemon .
i was wondering whether there was a mcdonald 's within walking distance of the gallery , ( because i was certain the pansy salad i had ordered was n't going to hold me over for very long and the thought of a big , fat double cheeseburger had me practically drooling on myself ) when pia started the conversation by asking corey if he had brought the pictures with him .
salads were garnished with twisted carrot slices and cut tomatoes .
one person had overall responsibility for the order , while others worked in their little sections ; one person did nothing but salads , one did pasta and another monitored the fried foods .
fred ordered the salmon salad claiming he was trying to drop a few pounds .
not enough salads , fresh fish and that type of thing .
our turkey and havarti was usually a big seller , as was our curried egg salad .
i put out some parmesan cheese in a dish and then the tossed salad in smaller bowls .
chapter 17 ambre and pete at saddlebrook pete fell in love with ambre while picking at a ceasor salad ; at least he thought it was love .
lets get a salad or something and get out of here .
taino was its own version of the island soup , kallaloo , that i d had instead of salad at lunch .
she crunched on the croutons in her salad and let out as big a sigh as her poor , lovesick dog .
so are you going to tell me what happened today or just sit there stuffing your face with salad ?
kate shook her head and took another bite of salad .
rufus might have been just as excited by his roast beef , mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans , side salad , and spoonbread but he was able to talk between bites .
the menu was mostly sandwiches and salads , some being variations of the othersa grilled chicken salad or sandwich , that kind of thing .
the menu was mostly sandwiches and salads , some being variations of the othersa grilled chicken salad or sandwich , that kind of thing .
bobby ordered a salad and water to drink while i ordered the oc sandwich and iced tea .
after we got it straight that the salad was hers , the sandwich was mine , and the waiter could leave , i repeated what she had said .
the salad was in a bowl so large that it partially blocked my view of bobby .
she was serenely using her fork to poke at the salad uncovering the goodies that had been included with the bleu cheese and blackened steak slicessun - dried tomatoes and avocados , no doubt .
she looked up from her salad , saw the total confusion writ large on my face , and took pity on meshe put down her fork .
beef tips , noodles , a salad , bread , and a cabernet .
baked potato and a salad would fill out the menu .
they were sitting at a table directly across from me , about eight feet away ; him finishing off a slice of pizza , her picking at a green salad that was probably only twenty calories .
liam slid into the empty space , carrying a tray of two slices of pizza with a salad drowned in ranch dressing and lots of cheese .
i bought a slice of pizza , picked at my salad , and scarfed the three cookies liam had waiting as an appetizer .
i was huddled between dylan and rudi , who was picking at a salad , convincing my taste buds the mystery meat inside the tacos was actually ground beef .
* * * penny scurried around the kitchen preparing well - seasoned steak , baked potatoes , and a salad as her father brought her up to date on the days activities .
after a late , healthy tea of salads that he made himself he sat and surveyed his transformed home .
sarah is sitting in a small downtown caf close to the courthouse with half an egg salad sandwich on spelt bread in front of her and a cup of coffee , talking to her boss on her cell phone .
they d deep fry a salad if they could , she thinks .
their salads were fresh , the creamed spinach to - die - for , and those honey - glazed croissants simply too tempting to pass up .
` ` i hate those girls who always pick at a leaf or two of lettuce in their salad and say , ' oh , i ' m full . '
i took a bite of my grilled quail salad and replied with as much nonchalance as i could muster .
i m going back for some salad .
i returned to the small elaborate luncheon buffet to refill my plate with several delicious looking salads .
marianne placed a serving of roasted red and green pepper salad on her plate and sighed .
she took the tongs , selected a smoked ham and pepper cheese sandwich and placed it next to the salad on her plate .
taking a container of leftover lasagna from the freezer , i put a sizable square in the microwave to reheat , tossed a salad , then set my kitchen table .
connie brought our salads and gave me a small wink .
jonathan started on his salad and missed the whole exchange .
i smiled sweetly and tipped the grilled salmon with hollandaise and asparagus down the front of his suit and into his lap , stacked the plates on top of his salad , and swept out of the restaurant , past a still stunned william .
she ordered the herb - crusted salmon salad , which reminded me of jonathanin a manner of speaking .
she stuck her fork into her salad .
they have n't even started serving the salad yet .
jane set an elaborate salad spoon covered in deeply carved grapes on the polished side of the counter .
i might order a salad .
you ca nt get a salad here .
they have several options including smoked salmon , apple and bacon , and vegan legume salad .
just get me a salad , okay ?
jane ordered two salads and the biggest burger she could find for her dad .
janes mom set her folk full of salad back on the plastic bowl .
i did nt know if you were a vegetarian or not , so there s a cheeseburger and a salad .
damn , i guess ill eat the salad .
ill have the spicy grilled fish and a garden salad , she said , surprised at how normal she sounded .
he pushed his half - eaten salad aside .
she mixed the vegetables and lettuce together for a salad , poured some olive oil on top of the leaves , and tossed the salad .
she mixed the vegetables and lettuce together for a salad , poured some olive oil on top of the leaves , and tossed the salad .
still , i thrived on the work and was glad for it even though many nights i only had energy for a salad and about thirty minutes watching the colorado rockies on tv before being ready to climb into bed .
thinking of new mexico , i continued , ill have the green chile chicken with jack cheese , melon salad , ice tea .
only merican cheese today , no fruit salad , some lime jell - o for you instead , okay ?
soon we had greeted each other at bangkok thai , and were sharing spicy dishes that filled the table with chicken satay , cucumber salad , larb gai , phad thai , and panang curry .
bridget had hounded and harangued local restaurants into cateringsimple salad , antipasti , meatballs and shrimp on toothpicksher ayuda benefit for free .
the boys devoured two salads eachone egg and escarole , the other pear and endivethen had two french onion soups , and two entres each : polenta lasagna with roasted vegetables and a mushroom cassoulet for colin ; eggplant parmigiana and a spinach and cheese omelet for darren .
two of his friends were at the kitchen table with big salad bowls full of noodles .
lurlene had ordered another salad .
this is very good salad , she said brightly , showing her teeth like a pit bull about to go for the femoral artery .
it was cheeseburgers for frank and me and a caesar salad for the lady .
she had finished her salad .
chapter three part one : nick the following morning i prepared some sandwiches and a salad for sally to take on the picnic .
when i went into the kitchen , she was defrosting some lasagne in the microwave and preparing some salad .
i wished he d spent his last year eating ho hos and lying around , instead of eating salads and working out .
we went in and i asked rodney for a salad at the bar .
got your salad and pie .
i have a salad in the glove compartment .
why do you have a salad in the glove compartment ?
what do i do with the salad ?
mom flipped my salad out the window and it flew straight back .
a buick swerved and dodged it and my salad splatted onto the escorts windshield .
i yelled as mom crawled into the back and murmured soothing sounds into dads ear while he spewed into my salad box .
i had a salad and it was a good thing .
they were out of cheesecake , darn the luck , but had plenty of carrots on salad , not that aunt tenne ordered one .
i , in one of my finer moments , had a salad .
libby said as she speared a piece of lettuce and egg from her salad and with her fork and delicately pulled it off again with her perfectly formed lips .
jeremy at the barbecue , eyran and tessa swimming , allison and amanda sipping long island iced teas and preparing a salad .
he changed at home , fried two veal steaks , tossed some salad and fifty minutes later sat with his mother on the back porch , sipping some chilled white bordeaux in the fading evening light .
i hope you enjoy your meal , she said as she smiled in return before serving sophie her tuna and sweetcorn salad .
she picked at her salad for a few minutes then reached for her glass and took another sip of wine .
constance pushed aside the sad remains of what was supposed to have been a cobb salad .
the salad was edible , but it had been devoid of avocado , shredded colby had taken the place of the roquefort cheese , and the only dressing they had was prepackaged pouches of ranch .
just a couple of sandwiches and a thermos of coffee , but i hafta say , kathy does make a mean egg salad sandwich .
` ` i ' ve cheese , tuna and one egg salad left . ''
` ` a salad is fine this weather , '' millicent said .
` ` and i 'll have a tuna salad and three rolls , '' gary goss added .
` ` you can have cheese salad , tuna salad or cheese and tuna salad , '' tommy joked .
` ` you can have cheese salad , tuna salad or cheese and tuna salad , '' tommy joked .
she tidied up a bit , made herself a tuna salad and buttered a crusty bread roll she had bought on the way home , tossing the salad in olive oil and cider vinegar , in time with the beat of blanket on the ground .
she tidied up a bit , made herself a tuna salad and buttered a crusty bread roll she had bought on the way home , tossing the salad in olive oil and cider vinegar , in time with the beat of blanket on the ground .
you got ta eat , irita said while they waited in the chow line where the mayor and several city commissioners were dosing the crowd with baked beans , potato salad , and hotdogs .
it makes a dandy salad , he chuckled , quite pleased with himself at the pun .
a long glass case ran the length of the cafe displaying both breakfast and dessert pastries along with sandwiches and salads already prepared and ready to be purchased .
by the time i brought out the fruit salad and raspberry sherbet , the homicide investigator was rather quiet .
the tossed salads were arranged at each place setting in the dining room just as the doorbell rang .
he marinated his steaks while i made twice - baked potatoes , sliced fresh tomatoes to scallop with saltines and butter , and tossed a big salad .
oh , said ronni , in a voice like a bowl of wilted salad .
steve was just putting away the last plates and thinking about an egg and cheese salad for supper when he saw the police constable cycle across the field .
or any salad for that matter .
a bowl of potato salad and another bowl of three bean salad sat along side .
a bowl of potato salad and another bowl of three bean salad sat along side .
bev chose a turkey sandwich and loaded up on the potato salad which she could tell from looking at it was made according to the recipe on the hellman 's mayonnaise jar .
he looked up from his fruit salad .
i ' ve been thinking you do n't want your filet to cook very long , so why do n't we finish our salads before i put the meat to the fire ? ''
he ate every last bit of salad , just in case that would have any bearing on the quality of his steak .
it was a silly thing , a wooden salad bowl , but it always reminded me of my mother .
we placed our order for the poppers followed by a philly cheesesteak sandwich for me , a bourbon burger for pepper , and a taco salad for jackie .
they served pizza , soups , salads , stromboli , calzones , hero sandwiches , pasta , and seafood .
i should probably have a salad for lunch .
i had nt had anything to eat since the salad at mcdonalds earlier in the day , and now i was burning calories to the max .
the kids were quick to order burgers while pepper and i ordered salads .
i continued to enjoy my salad .
i rarely ate fresh greens , and the salad tasted wonderful probably more so because we were eating outdoors .
the salad from lunch did nt stay with me for very long , so tonight it was either ribs or an entire pizza .
ill have a southwestern salad and an unsweetened tea , i said .
inside , the a / c cools me off while i make myself a chicken salad .
when i go in the back to grab salads for a table , he follows me .
i shake my head as i pour the salad dressing .
you could have a salad .
i suggest a salad if you re on a diet .
soon they sat down to a spread of fresh rolls , assorted salads , marinated cold roast beef , fresh fruit and everyones own choice of wine served in the finest plastic stemware .
` ` jane ann , could you get me a serving spoon for this salad ? ''
` ` not while we still have that corn salad and those rolls , '' frannie scooped another helping of the corn and snagged a roll as the basket passed .
i make amazing potato salad .
and i think we have several salads left from last night . ''
she returned to the picnic table where larry , donna , and mickey were laying out sandwich makings and condiments along with corn salad from the night before .
` ` its about ready , and here comes the potato salad , '' larry lowered his voice .
larry had his mouth full of potato salad , so frannie answered .
` ` i think we have lots of salads left too , '' frannie said .
nanna and mom headed into the kitchen to add finishing touches to the salad , and i trailed after them .
mom said a quick grace and we began helping ourselves to the roast chicken , grilled veggies , salad and mash .
i m working on my salad when the master of ceremonies , a young pony - tailed guy from santa cruz , steps to the microphone .
they had salads , sandwiches , as well as heartier dishes such as veal parmesan and filet mignon .
so she tried to cross the waitress returned with a tray , laying out salads for me and richard .
the salad looked delicious glistening cherry tomatoes , fresh greens , and a good mix of other items as well .
getting a decent salad was becoming a lost art .
richard was stuffing a forkful of salad in his mouth .
my salad finished , i brought the bowl and glass into the kitchen , then decided on a special treat .
gold - chased plateware , glass salad bowls , and jewel colored napkins adorned each setting .
i shook my head , taking in a forkful of the salad .
i decided on a cobb salad , while jason got a bowl of chili .
our salads with ranch dressing showed up almost immediately , and simone smiled in amusement as i pushed the croutons off to the side .
we finished our salads , and the waitress brought over our main dishes .
can i have a garden salad instead ?
the steak arrived , and the salad was just right .
our salads came with the traditional maple dressing along with the cloth - covered basket of bread baked in their very own bakery .
all that was left of her salad was an empty bowl .
she still could nt get used to english food , so she usually just stuck to her plain salads .
but , chalcey , its just homemade stew and biscuits and cucumber salad .
i have a pork roast that should be done and we can whip up a salad .
summer and marlowe set the table while oriole gathered the makings for a tossed salad .
as fred had his second helping of meat and third helping of salad , he remarked , larapin , summer , just larapin .
chapter 14 summer and chalcey fixed pork chops with scalloped potatoes , a crisp salad with homemade dressing , and fresh bread for supper for the troops as chalcey like to call the new additions to the ranch .
she ate supper of salad and chicken strips and cheap wine .
salads of every kind were on the huge dining room table : chinese cabbage , potato salad , tossed salad and fruit salad .
salads of every kind were on the huge dining room table : chinese cabbage , potato salad , tossed salad and fruit salad .
salads of every kind were on the huge dining room table : chinese cabbage , potato salad , tossed salad and fruit salad .
salads of every kind were on the huge dining room table : chinese cabbage , potato salad , tossed salad and fruit salad .
she had fixed lasagna with homemade noodles , a nice caesar salad and chocolate cake for dessert .
pierre took malicious pleasure in serving him green salad dressed with vinegar , ryebread , and a fruit for dessert . '
the house is surrounded by beautiful profitable white cotton plants , a grove of sour oranges by mouth but yummy in salads , a peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables .
i 'll stick with fish or a salad .
considering that you 'll order a burger and i 'll order a salad or a grilled chicken wrap , we could stop about anyplace and it would be okay .
they stopped at a grocery store and bought a vegetarian take - and - bake pizza and bagged salad .
it was just herself and shed usually pick on a salad or make a sandwich .
they went back to her mothers house where mary had arranged to have some cold cuts and salads delivered .
how about you make the salad ?
this meant coffee , cigarettes , occasional salads and a binge every now and again , followed by a period of self - flagellation with the latest toxin cleansing diet which was making the rounds .
he was clutching a chicken salad sandwich in one hand and tucking his shirt in with the other .
stacy shushed me briefly while the waiter brought our salads .
she chewed at her salad slowly before speaking again .
they had a ham , two plates of fried chicken , potato salad , green beans , and various jell - os in several colors .
i ordered one with mushrooms and black olives and a greek salad .
i found a table in a deserted corner and waited there , crunching on the salad .
the salad was crisp with a tangy italian dressing .
i did nt think that salad would fill you up .
we watched nancy prepare a salad .
she squinted and said , lithuanian mixed vegetable salad .
he carried a tray of assorted wraps and a plastic bowl of pasta salad .
we moved up the line past salads and wrapped sandwiches , past the fruits and gelatins , farther still past puddings and cookies until we came to the iced tea .
i had pastrami on rye , macaroni salad , and a beer .
falkner took the lid off the salad .
he could no more live on them than a cat could , but as he d said to her once when shed raised eyebrows over his lunch of a greek salad you could swim in and an entire loaf of garlic bread , just because i m going to die of major organ failure by fifty , does nt mean i need to hurry the process .
now , carrying a grocery sack with a six of coors , two steaks , frozen hash browns , and chopped salad toward the kitchen , he thought , yeah , man .
i pigged out until i noticed katy toying with her salad .
a crisp salad set in front of the two unused place settings .
i reached for a silver pitcher of salad dressing .
i buttered a still - warm yeast roll , and managed to eat every bit of half of it and a few bites of salad before all hell broke loose .
pansy was standing at the sink washing vegetables for salad , her cane resting against the counter .
and , the salads in a high school cafeteria.ew .
let ariel order a diet coke and a salad with nothing on it .
ethan and troy ordered burgers and shakes too , so ariel was the weirdo with her salad , dressing on the side .
the burgers and shakes came ( with a salad and diet coke for ariel ) and ethan and troy had monopolized the conversation moving on from steampunk art to talking about cyberpunk novels like snowcrash by neal stephenson .
yeah , said hunter , opting for the pasta salad .
i still think there s more going on here , said hunter , stuffing some salad into her mouth .
a salad with chicken and a creamy dressing with white wine .
in moments he was back at the table with a bread basket and our salads .
bigger than my apartment , nick said , stuffing a forkful of salad into his mouth .
i pushed the remainder of my salad toward nick .
a huge salad arrived first , followed by the entre , and completed with coffee .
todays special is roasted chicken and dressing with a salad and two sides .
its just that , i do nt know , your parents are thinking she s still dead when she s sitting in your apartment drinking perrier and making tuna salad sandwiches ... just feels wrong to me .
she watched them extricate their tuna fish salad sandwiches and little charles chips bags from their lunch sacks .
maggie ordered the veal with a salad , and a spicy eggplant gratin .
the waiter came with their salads .
she made a peanut butter sandwich and a salad using slightly wilted lettuce from her mothers refrigerator .
the hair itself now a carrot and cabbage salad of orange and grey , pulled back and tied like george washingtons .
you gon na finish that salad ?
good salad .
if you ll make a salad too , ill do the sauce .
stuffed cabbage , tossed green salad .
ensalada tibia de pan , queso ytomates ( warm salad of tomatoes , homemade bread loaf and ovelheiro serra cheese w / garlic vinaigrette ) .
i always have the tofu , fresh vegetable salad with the house dressing on the side .
the blending of a double rusty nail and tofu salad made a perfect mixture for lisa to purge when the meal was over .
she pressed her thumbs back into her throat and up came tofu salad and what was left of the rusty nail .
chicken soup with matzo balls , halvah bread , beef brisket , stuffed cabbage , tossed green salad and the yiddish standard , mogen david kosher grape wine .
after mass i stopped in the faculty dining room , ordered a salad and a turkey sandwich , and suffered through twenty minutes of conversation about the economy at a table with faculty from the business school .
my meal was a simple one , a glass of red wine , a medium - rare t - bone , tossed salad , and baked potato .
having filled their stomachs on the tasty food , henry had an oriental chicken salad , and irma had a tri - tip sandwich .
he had been to jensens supermarket on sunrise way the day before and bought salad makings at their extensive salad bar .
he sat at the dining room table , ate his salad and drank his glass of wine thinking that charles was right about looking into thornbirds past customers .
he finished his salad , drank the last of his wine and brought his plate and glass to the sink .
henry sat down on one of the bar stools on the other side of the counter that opened to the kitchen while elliot slipped the chicken into the bowl and dug into the refrigerator for salad fixings .
even elliot stopped working at the salad , and you say that by the time you interrupted him in the conference room at the office , it was eight thirty in the evening ?
wayne said as elliot stopped working on the salad and turned to see what henry would say .
he would serve grilled zucchini , eggplant and peppers and a salad with it .
actually you can , would you make the salad , and ill go clean up the towels and throw them in the laundry , we may want to use them again after dinner .
a few minutes later he walked back into the kitchen where rosie was now tossing the salad in the bowl .
enquired ian err it was kind of okay , not exactly sure it was a proper caesar salad .
i do nt actually think otters lay eggs ian you idiot laughed nicola as she picked up her wine and took a sip and anyway a caesar salad has nothing to do with the emperor caesar .
* they prepared a salad and scooped some cottage cheese out of a container from one of the refrigerators .
ill have the salads out right away , she said as she turned and walked to the kitchen .
duff you are in for a treat , jack smiled the salads arrived and so did the salad dressing tray .
just as the salad was done the waitress brought out the steaks .
you know , a salad , coffee , anything . ''
` ` a cold pasta salad .
we prepared three plates of spaghetti , waldorf salad , and green bean casserole , and set the table as best we could , what with having to search for the forks and napkins and glasses .
i trailed into the kitchen to make a fruit salad and checked my calendar .
the bottle was empty after the salads , and they needed more wine .
she was famished , and ordered a shish kebab with salad .
lunch consisted of black coffee and a meatball sandwich with beetroot salad , which she took back to her office .
then i set to work , tossing a salad , preparing the fettucini , heating some garlic bread , chopping the ham .
the salads were served almost immediately , and dill properly asked jess to say grace .
a salad was placed in front of me , and i stared down blindly at it .
i took a bite of salad , then remembered that jack needed to know more about this man .
the salad dressing was thick as sour cream , and sweet .
i ate a bowl of leftover fruit salad , all that i could find in the refrigerator since everyone else in the house was going to the supper .
i had more phone calls to return , so i ate a salad and some crackers to get supper out of the way .
maybe it had had a great recipe for chicken salad on the other side - but on the whole , i doubted that .
the stir - fry would provide two meals , i figured , the stew at least three ; one night , i would have a baked potato and vegetables ; the remaining meal could be the tortilla casserole and a salad .
* * * after a light lunch that consisted of grilled chicken fillets with salad , jett headed for his private office to catch up on his workload , leaving me with the instructions not to bother him with any calls unless they were from his brother or father .
over salad he had set forth in all seriousness his intention to recruit her as editor in chief of the company 's largest daily newspaper , the svenska morgon - posten .
dad was having a salad with cottage cheese .
these were not the type of men who tended to congregate in the more elaborate places munching salmon , herring , and beetroot salad , while armed lieutenants guarded the front door and roulette and blackjack were played for thousands of dollars in an adjoining room .
i was having chicken salad on whole wheat .
i took by a chicken casserole this morning , franklin farrell said he was going to take a fruit salad of some kind , and mark russell from russell and dietrich says his wife is making a broccoli casserole .
` ` i brought a fruit salad with jezebel sauce , '' he said , to change the subject .
sally was working on a hamburger and a salad , and i had virtuously opted for the salad bar only , though i could certainly get enough calories from what was spread up and down its length .
our salads arrived and we began eating , very conscious of each other .
the salads left , and the main course came while i was telling martin about real murders and what had happened that spring .
i can never manage to get all the elements of a meal ready simultaneously , but we did eventually eat our salad and garlic bread and spaghetti with meat sauce .
` ` do you like this salad ? ''
both watched their diet , especially salemme , who avoided the high - fat prison offerings and preferred salads and fruits .
for lunch , we all ate handmade pizza , but daisy picked at a salad instead .
they both requested water and salads , the customary model diet .
oh yeah , she had n't actually eaten her salad during her meeting with cassandra .
he quirks his brow skeptically as he starts to scoop salad and chicken onto one of the plates .
` ` i ordered some chicken salad , french bread , cheese , and fruit . ''
my chicken salad is really good .
then came a course of braised lamb followed by a goat cheese and walnut salad .
` ` you like him , '' she says , stabbing her fork into her salad with relish .
she munches happily on her salad while i sit and watch her , my appetite having fled a while ago .
` ` favorite would be a grand overstatement , '' gretchen said , morosely jabbing her fork into her salad .
gretchen stabbed another forkful of salad into her mouth , thinking .
gretchen toyed with her fork , thinking of the expensive salad on her plate that she could n't pay for , at least not until a payment came in .
she 'd made a feast for their guests - delicate pastries , savory appetizers , and a light salad .
pleased , audrey set the pan down on the table and returned to the kitchen to make a small tossed salad to accompany it .
cade pushed his plate aside and focused on his salad .
they stopped at bert 's and will ordered his with the works , along with a side salad and fries .
she sensed the undertone there , that maybe this was n't all water under the bridge , but she let it go when their salads and bread arrived .
after a light dinner of either a salad or a sandwich ( we were desperately trying not to gain the freshman fifteen everyone had warned us about ) , we spent the evenings either reading or playing around online .
opening my menu , i studied the selections of salads and sandwiches .
` ` a cold crab bisque with raspberry salad and seaweed - wrapped grouper , fresh off the boat . ''
` ` help you with the salad ? ''
both she and dad have clearly had too much coffee already as they dash around the kitchen , peeling potatoes , roasting pumpkin seeds and chopping fruit for the fruit salad .
picking up the salad from the fast food joint up the street , i plop down with a smile .
i pick up my fork and return to my salad .
i said , thanking angel with a nod when she dropped my salad in front of me .
avery grins and lowers her gaze to her salad .
when i sit down , millie 's picking at a salad as though one piece of lettuce might be tastier than another .
she stabs another piece of salad and turns the leaf over , examining it , before popping it in her mouth .
our salads come out .
i shrug and stab my salad .
i poke my salad and shove it into my mouth .
i stare at my salad for too long , but i feel peter 's eyes on me .
he pushes the salad away and leans back in his chair .
chapter 14 at lunch a few days later , i grab a salad , some baked chicken , and sit down next to tia .
but then he digs his fork into the salad he ordered along with his sandwich and eats .
an uncomfortable silence fell over the table , and i finished my salad just for something to do .
we took our time , sharing a salad , soup and an entree , as well as huge piece of cheesecake for dessert .
i rinse out a huge bowl that once held a delicious fruit salad .
twenty minutes later fin sat down at their table with a small pile of salad .
jake looked down at her modest salad with disgust .
he looked the menu up and down and decided on a salad .
` ` you can not sit in a pizza place and only get a salad . ''
` ` we 'll have a large deep dish with pepperoni , mushrooms and black olives , a large antipasto salad and an order of bread sticks . ''
the waitress brought our pizza and put it in the middle of the table along with salad and bread sticks .
we ate more pizza , talked and ate some salad .
just as i placed my order for an antipasto salad , ellery reached over and grabbed the menu from my hands .
` ` you ca n't sit in a pizza place and only get a salad . ''
` ` we 'll have a large deep dish with pepperoni , mushrooms , and black olives , and a large antipasto salad with an order of bread sticks , '' she smiled .
` ` i 'll have the chicken sandwich , a bowl of french onion soup , and the chef 's salad with italian dressing .
` ` let 's go to that restaurant where we get those really good salads . ''
you can make the salad . ''
` ` there 's really no way to mess up dicing veggies for a salad . ''
` ` dinner is about ready , '' she said softly , ` ` would you mind putting the salad on the table ? ''
most likely , he 'd bring me fruit salad and a piece of non - buttered toast riddled with birdseed .
wants to know if you need anything for the salad . ''
um , i had n't planned on making salad .
oh , i 'll do a greek salad .
i abandoned mac for the kitchen and started rummaging through the bag to make a start on the salad .
` ` let 's go push all those wankers out of the way and grab something before there 's nothing left but shitty salad .
as the waiter made his appearance again , setting a couple of wedge salads in front of us .
[ 2 ] rose calloway i juggle a box of old invoices and a bag of salads and chicken primavera that 's hooked on my arm , searching for my keys in my clutch .
lily tags along by my side as i bustle around the kitchen and make a cobb salad to bring with me to the calloway couture offices .
i relax when i see her focused on my salad , slicing cucumber .
lily looks up from the salad bowl , eyes big with questioning .
` ` i forgot to ask what you wanted , so i got pizza , a burger , and a salad . ''
i pulled a slice of pizza on my plate , and he opened the salad .
` ` you are not seriously going to sit there and eat a salad while i stuff my face with greasy goodness , are you ? ''
she ordered a salad and kept tossing her blond hair back and forth so much i was surprised she did n't have whiplash .
jesse snuck up behind me where i fretted over the fruit salad .
rose settled the fruit salad on the table , then stood back to inspect the table .
my eyes shifted to my perfectly imperfect fruit salad .
` ` let 's order a pizza and a salad , '' i said .
gretchen had already torn into the breadsticks while giselle opened the salad .
he started making the sauce , and i started on something a little more simple - the salad .
he hugged me and went back to making the sauce as i finished slicing the tomatoes for the salad .
maddie , you 're in charge of making the salad , and i will make the potatoes . ''
` ` ok everyone , the potatoes are in the oven , the chicken is in the skillet , the salad is made , and now you can rest until it 's ready ! ''
i took down a couple plates and handed him a beer while looking in a futile attempt to see if the boys had anything in the fridge to make a salad with .
i take out the containers from the fridge and make his salad .
matt drove like a bat out of hell to the nearest king soopers and proceeded to buy an embarrassing amount of potato salad and chips .
he leaned into me and whispered in mock horror , ' she ordered salad . '
' a salad and water .
melissa added a basket filled with garlic bread to the mix , and gran followed carrying a huge salad .
he was a slim man in his fifties and held a pepper cracker poised over her salad .
` ` i ca n't wait to hear what you have planned , '' lexi said , waiting to pick up her fork until the waiter had peppered casey 's salad and left the table .
you girls just go ahead with your salads and i 'll do what i do best - talk . ''
martina picked up her wine , ignoring her salad , and settled her gaze on lexi .
she toyed with another piece of salad , but she was only eating to be polite .
with two gourmet chefs and twelve different food stations that change their type of cuisine served on a weekly basis - not to mention the salad , juice , and dessert bars - it boasts something for everyone .
she drags me inside to watch crazy stupid love , and sometime between eating greek salads , hummus , and stuffed grape leaves and discussing how awesome it would be to lick ice cream off ryan gosling 's abs , i get roped into helping tori dye her hair .
i dropped my face to look down at my salad and counted to five before slowly lifting only my eyes to find him engaged in a conversation with chase .
looking down at my salad i grimaced .
i set my bowl down next to her salad and planted my hands on either side of her plate .
` ` make a salad with kat .
when the boys yelled that the steaks were ready , kat and i brought the salad and wine outside to the table on the deck which overlooked the pool .
plus salad is for pussies , so no harm using the fork now and letting the waiters carry it away .
` ` it 's awkward , that 's all , '' i say , and poke my salad .
the coconut rice and mango salad was amazing .
` ` salads and tofu ? ''
` ` no way in hell would i ever eat tofu and salads are just weight - loss fads . ''
` ` now look , i agreed not to make you eat the fast grease , '' i tilt my head to one side and turn at the waist on the seat , ` ` but i draw the line with salads . ''
she puckers her lips and chews on the inside of her mouth and then says , nodding , ` ` alright , i wo n't eat a salad , even though salads can come with chicken and all sorts of good stuff that someone like you probably never thought of . ''
she puckers her lips and chews on the inside of her mouth and then says , nodding , ` ` alright , i wo n't eat a salad , even though salads can come with chicken and all sorts of good stuff that someone like you probably never thought of . ''
her index finger slides over the plastic and lands on the tiny salad section .
` ` see , look , '' she glances up at me , ` ` they have grilled chicken salad and chicken apple pecan salad . ''
` ` yeah , well i just do n't see that salad doing it for you . ''
i could n't really be grumpy towards her , but she 's right : the salad 's not going to do it for me .
i pick up my fork and poke the salad around a few times , pretending , just like camryn , to prepare it .
she 's lost in some memory , poking her fork at the last piece of chicken in her salad .
there were roasted scallops with black truffles , pan - fried sea bass in a zesty lemon caper sauce , freshly sauteed dandelion root with onion salad , and for dessert something called la sfera .
i found myself humming as i put water on to boil for the potatoes and set out the cutting boards to prep the salad .
` ` cheeseburger pie , a salad , and cookies . ''
i had to improvise on the salad a little bit , but i think it came out pretty good .
they do n't serve salads ? ''
avoid cold cuts , salads , watermelon , puddings . ''
even though it was my idea to get married on thanksgiving , it was humorous to me , and i had a serious case of the giggles when the nurses started bringing in trays of turkey dinners complete with stuffing , mashed potatoes and gravy , cranberry salad , and green bean casserole .
` ` i 'll have a chicken salad sandwich and a diet coke , please . ''
` ` shrimp alfredo , garlic bread and salad . ''
` ` mom left a couple chicken salad sandwiches in the fridge , '' logan said as we walked through the front door of his family 's old farmhouse .
he joined me just a moment later , carrying two delicious looking salads .
he asked me after he 'd finished his salad .
` ` i made the salad .
i ' m not the type of girl to order a salad because she 's afraid of the guy she 's with seeing her eat , and i do n't drink anything that says diet .
before she finished her drawing , the waitress delivered our orders - a salad and soup for her , and a burger for me .
mckenna picked at her salad , using the tines of her fork to push a cherry tomato around the plate .
there was a bowl of soup from the night before , a ridiculous amount of condiments and salad dressing , and what was left of half a gallon of milk .
tonight , it was a simple pasta dish with an alfredo sauce , a rosemary focaccia , and a tossed salad , with something chocolate from a bakery for dessert .
everything was set up in the kitchen , the salad was tossed , the bread was ready and sliced , cooling on the counter , and she had the pasta and the water and the salt all ready to assemble and boil once alex arrived .
a salad , some sort of bread , and pasta , about to be boiled .
` ` you could put the salad on the table , '' she said .
she looked down at the bowl of pasta and grabbed a bit of salad , putting it on her plate .
he reached for a handful of salad to cut the spice .
deflating , josie said meekly , ` ` i 'll just have the fried green tomatoes and a tossed salad with italian . ''
` ` i would like the fried green tomatoes and a tossed salad with italian dressing , '' josie repeated , over - enunciating the words .
laura and mike dug in immediately , while dylan did the one - handed parent eating thing , nearly dropping part of his salad , a giant cherry tomato falling off his fork and narrowly missing the baby 's head .
he 'd bet none of them knew rena was a sucker for a dare , or that she ate before she went out because she wanted to appear satisfied by a salad .
` ` would you like to talk about whatever is on your mind before i wear your entire salad ? ''
i put it on the salad .
his dad and other random men worked the grill while all of the women clustered to make their famous macaroni salad or swap recipes for the forty different types of pies and cookies on display .
i ' m thinking tainted lobster - either that or it was the salad . ''
either that or it was the bagged salad . ''
i ' ve been at it since seven this morning , and i ' ve had three bites of a caesar salad and half a bottle of water since then , and it 's now past six in the evening .
quickly i head outside , grabbing the clear plastic box that contains my six - hour - old salad and the half - empty bottle of warm water .
i perch on an overturned milk crate around the corner and force the salad down my throat .
i ignore him and keep eating the flat , limp , disgusting salad .
dinner is four courses of light but filling fare , a citrusy soup , a garden salad , some kind of flavorful , flaky fish with jasmine rice and steamed vegetables , and then dessert .
so they order a green salad just because they think that will make them look skinnier or some shit , when really , all they want is that cheeseburger '' -he winked at me- '' so , you skipping over the bullshit is really refreshing . ''
and , since i do n't cook , i eat pitiful meals that consist of lean cuisine microwaved meals or premade salads i pick up at the local grocery store .
i already had room service for dinner , ordering a delicious pasta dish with shrimp and a salad on the side the moment i got back to the hotel .
` ` i 'd say , ' i like going to bob 's java hut down by the ball park and getting an egg salad sandwich before a yankees game .
as we raced towards the eiffel tower , passing cafes full of people lingering on salads and breads and coffees , and bakeries peddling croissants and tarte normandes and chocolate eclairs , i replayed my three days in paris .
it 's the same dimly - lit restaurant , with the same red pleather , same puckered booths , same orange chandeliers , and probably serving the same steak and baked potatoes and garden salad .
the waiter appears with our salads , sandwiches , fries and sauces .
a waiter passes by bearing small salads for another couple at a nearby table , but i barely notice them .
i have another dress fitting in a week , and it 's salads and celery until then . ''
instead , she stared at her salad with a disgusted expression .
when she got to the part of conceiving naturally , casey shot out of her chair , sending her salad flying .
and i 'd like a salad too with honey mustard on the side . ''
he 'll also have a salad , but make his caesar .
he reached out for her hand , but jenny appeared with their salads .
by the time emma had daintily cut her lettuce , drizzled on her dressing , and taken a bite , aidan had scarfed down his entire salad .
she swallowed her bite of salad .
not knowing how to respond , she pushed her salad around with her fork .
` ` you need to eat your salad , '' aidan finally said .
` ` so eat your salad . ''
` ` you 're only eating salad ? ''
my anger took over , and i dumped the tray of leftover salad and pasta sauce right on his lap .
` ` not caviar , but he likes weird salads with beans and sprouts in them . ''
at one point , as recently as a year ago , it had been a family restaurant , with schnitzel for the fathers , spaghetti for the kids , and lots of salads with heavy dressings for the mothers .
his mouth tasted like he 'd just eaten caesar salad , but after a moment , it was n't so bad .
i was still finishing my salad when he reached under the table and slipped his hand between my knees .
our food arrived : sour lemon salads and more wine than anyone should drink at noon on a workday .
i pushed my salad around my plate .
i was also cutting out sandwiches and eating salads for lunch , just in case the rest did n't take .
he just came back with a bowl of salad .
` ` you 'll be in my bed , anya , '' he told the plates as he mounded salad on them .
then he came back with a couple bottles of salad dressing , dropped them on the counter in front of me then rounded it and took the stool beside me .
i asked cuttingly , spearing into my salad with my fork .
` ` i think last night your brother taught her that lesson , '' i informed him and shoved salad in my mouth .
` ` no salad . ''
i put the bread down , picked up my fork and stabbed at my salad , saying , ` ` maybe , when luci gets here , we 'll ask her and she 'll want to join us .
i made a salad of raw spinach , arugula , cucumber , carrot , mandarin orange slices and pistachio nuts and prepared some wild rice .
sam ate his with an extra breast , double the amount of rice and salad and zero roll .
i was surprised that maris served a fabulously succulent pork roast , buttered and herbed new potatoes and a delicious salad and not something mexican .
i 'd learned last year that high school football players really did n't care if the potato salad , macaroni salad and brownies were homemade .
i ' m going to have a cup of rejuvenating green tea and , probably , a salad . ''
` ` i ' m going to have a cup of rejuvenating green tea and a salad and i ' m going to do both when you 're done with your pizza and beer and you 're gone . ''
` ` no , tack , you drink your beer , eat your pizza and live a little and i 'll make my salad when you leave . ''
` ` all right , tyra , i 'll give you a quick lesson seein ' as you drink tea , eat salads , do yoga , live in a fancy - ass house with a fancy - ass yard , you probably do n't get how this is gon na go 'cause i ' m seein ' you probably never f**ked a man like me so i 'll help you out and tell you how it 's gon na go , '' he began .
because i ' m wild and , you let loose from that green tea , salad and no tv shit , so are you .
i saw on the bar that someone , most likely one or several of the women , had unearthed bowls and in them they 'd dumped chips , dip , potato salad and macaroni salad .
the salad in the fridge , the beer and white wine chilled .
you could n't shoot the breeze over salads ?
then i suggested , ` ` how about you come over here and i 'll make salads . ''
then his semi - smile faded , his arms squeezed and he asked , ` ` you want me here for salad ? ''
` ` do you want to be here for salad ? ''
needless to say , salad did not really go with confessions of the soul so martha ate four of the dozen cupcakes i brought home for brock .
dad got me a diet grape , himself and hawk a fresh beer , replenished meredith 's red wine and meredith and i loaded up the table with fresh , hot garlic bread , a huge salad and every bottle of salad dressing known to man .
dad got me a diet grape , himself and hawk a fresh beer , replenished meredith 's red wine and meredith and i loaded up the table with fresh , hot garlic bread , a huge salad and every bottle of salad dressing known to man .
i looked down at my plate and forked into my salad .
his face was gentle but his eyes were intense , heated and i felt them burning into me even then as i shoved salad into my mouth and looked anywhere but him .
` ` store - bought potato salad and chips . ''
take you any way you come but if you came with me havin ' to eat a lot of salad , got ta admit , that would suck , '' was even better .
* * * * * i was in tate 's kitchen chopping cucumbers and tossing them in the bowl with the rest of the veggies i 'd prepared for the salad we were having with dinner .
* * * * * we had pork tenderloin with gramps 's famous glaze , boiled new potatoes , salad and delicious rolls with sunflower seeds crusting the top , eating it at the wrought iron table on tate 's back patio .
i was focused on getting ingredients for chocolate chip cookies and the pasta - dijon mustard - mayo - pickle salad that was another one of my specialties that brad hated due to its abundance of calories and fat .
tate was going to grill burgers for dinner that night and my pasta - dijon mustard - mayo - pickle salad went perfect with hamburgers .
after tate and i made out on the deck , i supervised jonas 's hamburger making at the same time making my pasta salad and we did this while tate showered .
* * * * * the chicken br**sts were set to marinade , the salad was prepared , the homemade dressing was fermenting in the fridge and i was sitting out on a lounge chair with my kindle , reading a romance novel and thinking sex with ty was way better than what the chick in that novel was getting when something caught at the corner of my eye .
roast chicken , crisp salad , and creamy mayo on fresh white bread .
for the next five days , i spent my mornings relaxing in bed with fresh pastries and fruit salad reading about alpha males and swooning heroines , while my afternoons were spent with kes and the boys in his quarters .
plates of delicatessen hors d'oeuvres , salads , gourmet breads , dips , gnocchi , prawns in ravioli , lobster fettuccine , tiny lasagnes , and feta wrapped with aubergine decorated the table .
` ` do you mind having spicy chicken with salad ? ''
` ` baby , i eat a lot , and chicken and salad is not going to cut it . ''
` ` while you make the salad i ' m going to go and make a call .
* * * * eating the potato salad , judi could n't taste it .
he ordered a coffee and a burger while ripper ordered half the menu and judi settled on a salad .
smiling , she tossed the salad together and put some on a plate for her mother .
` ` i 'll go and get the salad . ''
she handed william the salad , and he served for all three of them .
she watched him pull a salad out of his inner pocket .
she pointed at the fish salad he started eating .
` ` would you like to try some of my salad ? ''
no matter where he went he did n't have to worry about her offending a chef with asking him to remove something from the dressing or the salad .
the women had gone to the fuss of preparing salads and little fancy stuff that he 'd never eat .
tiny refused to eat the salads .
all she needed to do was cook some pasta , toss together some salad , and dinner was made .
leaving the two in the garden , kelsey filled a pot with water and started to prepare the salad along with several other items .
when she got to the salad , killer stepped up behind her .
when she entered the kitchen , she saw he 'd begun to chop some tomato and cucumber for the salad .
with his last words hanging between them , he let go and began chopping the salad .
the silence well and truly broken , isaac stared down at his salad .
he watched her wipe her mouth on the napkin before picking up the tub of potato salad .
she asked , eating some salad .
she put the empty bowl of salad down and started to pace .
he placed a plate filled with chicken salad and bread in front of her .
` ` i ' m not an expert cook , but i can put a salad together in no time . ''
she moved her salad around the plate .
she dropped her head and concentrated on her salad .
she noticed their mothers both ordered a salad with everything removed .
calling down to the kitchen , she ordered two club sandwiches and a plate of fries for liam and a side salad for herself , then , moving to gaze out the glass wall that overlooked the strip , she deliberately kept her thoughts from straying beyond the penthouse .
he pictured greasy burgers , soggy , squeaky fries , withered salads .
spying the bottle of ranch dressing on the table that only her father was permitted to eat , she picked it up and doused her salad with it .
swallowing a bite of the delicious egg salad sandwich , kara 's eyes jerked up to his face in surprise .
` ` do you want to help cut the vegetables for a salad ?
she breezed out to the dining room to put the salad on the table , calling out behind her .
mr . risinger asks , suddenly appearing beside me while i have a mouth full of tuna salad .
adrian shrugs , picking at the fruit salad that came with his room service breakfast .
just as i give him a smile , we are presented with a sculpted caprese salad .
they do n't have a salad anywhere on this thing . ''
i stabbed at my salad with swift , vicious strokes .
` ` i 'll take the train out to the city and we 'll eat at one of the places where a salad costs thirty bucks . ''
` ` how did you know i did n't want the salad ? ''
` ` because no one really wants the salad , '' i answered simply .
` ` the salad is about appearances .
i swallowed a forkful of caesar salad .
the pasta was piled high , the salad was bright and tossed , the bread was buttered and savory .
she makes both of them a simple meal of salad and butternut soup .
` ` i love potato salad , '' she murmured .
` ` how about you start with the salad and i will try and figure out how to grill this steak in an oven . ''
` ` you could make the salad and i could fire up the barbecue i have on my patio .
` ` well , thankfully , i ' m not a huge fan either but my entire life i had to avoid a three - bean salad because people always seem to put garbanzo beans in it .
the very idea of ... a delicate shudder tripped down his spine but he covered well by returning to the salad , saying , ` ` okay , grill queen , get ready to show your skills because my salad is going to win awards . ''
the very idea of ... a delicate shudder tripped down his spine but he covered well by returning to the salad , saying , ` ` okay , grill queen , get ready to show your skills because my salad is going to win awards . ''
` ` tough competition but i think my grilling skills are going to make your salad look like amateur hour , '' she boasted as she disappeared out the door .
i ' m sure your salad is wonderful . ''
if only his worries were about the quality of his salad .
he watched as shannon began cutting tiny pieces of meat for aubrey and shredding the salad into smaller , toddler - sized bites and he was struck by how the simple scene made his eyes inexplicably water .
there was no fancy catering company tending to their every need , just good , old - fashioned potato salad , burgers and beers .
she popped the last bite of fruit salad in her mouth as she awaited a response .
` ` why do n't you make us a salad ?
darcy wandered into the incredibly out - of - date kitchen and began gathering up ingredients for a salad .
` ` now finish up that salad before the lasagna gets cold . ''
but holly prepared a whole bunch of yummy dishes - there 's like five different kinds of salad , mini sandwiches , appetizers and a bunch of other finger foods .
six different kinds of salad , homemade bread , a cheese tray , mini - sandwiches , pigs in a blanket .
but after spending more than an hour with her , he doubted the girl had ever seen a football game in her life , drank anything other than the daiquiri she was sipping , and since she 'd ordered a starter salad for dinner and claimed to be a vegetarian , he could n't envision her ever scarfing down a burger or a rack of ribs at a barbeque .
several hours later , sophie tipped a pre - bagged salad into a bowl and splashed a little dressing over it as she placed it in the middle of the dining table .
dan reached for his knife and fork and launched into a work - related story as they ate , and sophie pushed her salad around with ever increasing despondency .
she breathed a sigh of relief when he retrieved a huge bacon quiche , a bag of salad and a bottle of champagne from the fridge and closed the door .
` ` i need you here during the shoot , '' christian said as he took a bite of the salad david had brought for him .
i m just about to tell him i will leave when a woman walks into the room , carrying two plates of salad .
she smiles at us both , goes over to the dining room table and places the salad on the table .
sebastian looks away from me and starts eating his salad .
after taking her bottle of water and the salad that she ordered from the deli down the block from the table , anne went into the living room of her cambridge apartment to eat and watch the evening news .
while gary took care of grilling steaks , carla and anne worked together in the kitchen pulling together a salad and broiling vegetables .
then she dropped everything off , except her purse , in ben 's room and walked into the dining room just as salads were delivered .
i ordered a salad , a fruit plate , and then decided emily was a cheeseburger girl .
i kept the knife , and began cutting the sandwich in half , and she followed my example by dumping the condiment bowl and portioning out salad .
when the salad was removed and a plate of some small not - quite - beige thing that could only be fish was set in front of me , i glanced at the other end of the table .
is everyone finished with their salad ?
we can only hope its better than her salad , brendan said , sneering at sam .
everyone had laughed a few minutes ago when fin fin tripped over his own feetand dumped a plateful of potato salad , pistachio pudding and baked beans all over her .
chapter 60 mrs . ebner had just brought up tuna salad sandwiches from the cafeteria when the doctor entered the waiting room .
i can toss a salad and make fresh garlic bread to go with it .
i turned on the oven to warm up the lasagna then started collecting the ingredients for a salad .
ill have the cesar side salad , double bacon cheeseburger , medium rare , no tomato , french fries with cheese , and a chocolate milk shake .
luckily , there was a deli that had delicious looking salads and sandwiches .
yeah , take this stuff , i put a bunch of veggies on the counter , and chop it up for a salad .
now , i do nt want you having prime rib today , but a sandwich or salad or soup would be good .
god , in boston i would eat sandwiches for weeks and then switch to salad or ramen noodles .
i made it through the line , grabbing only a small salad , a pack of crackers and a bottle of water .
you re going to eat more than a salad and water , are nt you ?
he added a plate of fries to my tray ( which held a cup of soup and a salad ) and made me take two cookies instead of just one .
he grabbed a crouton off the salad on one of the trays and crunched on it .
he was nearly finished his own lunch of pizza and fries and was eyeing the roll that came with my salad .
glumly i poked at my salad .
he handed the slice to me and also pushed over a bowl of salad .
she was hoping maybe you d whip up one of your famous salads to go with it .
i like an interesting salad , with as many different tastes and textures as possible .
we decided to share a chicken and fruit salad and sipped sweet iced tea .
i pulled over the salad he d brought me and added the dressing .
i shrugged and made designs in the salad dressing with a carrot stick .
i blew out a breath and pushed away the half - eaten salad .
for a salad , or maybe a sauce .
she had been ' good ' the entire week , consuming mostly salads and oatmeal , and shunning sweets , the diligent regimen resulting in her having shed two pounds .
he had to take another swallow of his drink when he heard paul 's order : a salad for christ 's sake !
lisa got fresh fruit and vegetables out and helped grandma madge make a fresh salad .
when they woke up and joined them in the kitchen , mandy put them to work setting the table and cleaning vegetables for a salad .
the others wandered off to get cleaned up while madge and mandy finished making the salad and fixing cold drinks for everyone .
when the waitress returned with their water and silverware , mandy ordered a salad and a petite steak ; buddy ordered the same .
they ate their salads and were finishing their steaks when two guys came over to their table .
the kids came in and helped prepare a tossed green salad .
the women would fix a meal of fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , three kinds of salads , hot dinner rolls , and mixed vegetables .
the ladies of the church and the youth helped serve the delicious dinner of fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , pasta salad , coleslaw , fruit salad , mixed vegetables , hot rolls , iced tea , coffee , and punch .
the ladies of the church and the youth helped serve the delicious dinner of fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , pasta salad , coleslaw , fruit salad , mixed vegetables , hot rolls , iced tea , coffee , and punch .
it was some kind of watery looking soup , a package of crackers , and a green gelatin salad .
they continued down a narrow passage until they reached the back room where the landlord had laid out a table with plates of cold meats , salads and pats .
look there s some salad and a bit of pat and toast .
a salad at lunchtime , that s all .
in the summer she poached salmon and made salads or marinated steaks for ian to cook on the barbecue and no matter what the season , there was always a wonderful range of desserts to enjoy .
i bought some pork chops , i thought we d have them with a salad .
right , ill make the salad .
meryl had made a large bowl of greek salad , and barbara was fighting ella to carry the chicken cacciatore .
delicious food always softens the heart , he says casually as he serves the salad .
change the subject all you want , but i 'll have my kiss , he tells me as he dishes me my salad .
i brought some chicken salad and bread .
when this chore had ended , maria made chicken salad sandwiches , and i ate one , realizing i was absolutely famished .
like salad ?
carly was on a ceasar salad binge , she was crazy about it right now so that little comment randy had made was very sarcastic .
i thought i 'd make you a little salad and '' a commercial for an auto repair shop flickered on and del tore her eyes from the television set .
` ` sophie loves your greek salad .
okay , well , i m going to get a salad .
come on , becca says , walking with me to the lunch line to get our salads .
becca asks , glancing across the caf at summers table as we sit back down with our salads .
oh , well , i m sure the problem is solved now anyway , becca says , ringing out a packet of ranch dressing over her salad .
as we sit there in silence for the next ten minutes or so , scarfing down our salads -- because we rarely talk while we eat -- i m still reeling over everything that just happened .
you gon na eat , or should i take that salad from you ?
she needs a beating is what she needs , becca mumbles , stirring her salad .
once we get our salads , large water bottles , and a delicious peanut butter brownie -- which typically only comes with the hot lunch tray , but the lunch lady has been sneaking us one with our salads ever since we expressed interest in them last week -- we head over to our table .
once we get our salads , large water bottles , and a delicious peanut butter brownie -- which typically only comes with the hot lunch tray , but the lunch lady has been sneaking us one with our salads ever since we expressed interest in them last week -- we head over to our table .
becca looks up at holly , off - gaurd and mouth full of salad , like she s wondering if the question was for her .
i glance at holly , but before she can respond , brysons hand suddenly comes down between us , putting two peanut butter brownies on my plate next to my salad .
becca looks down at her salad and cracks another smile .
but luckily , before i m able to act on that impulse decision , he puts his brownie down next to my salad , then looks right at me and says , there s an annual car show tomorrow night at the mall of louisiana .
then i read the note : i m not gon na eat em , which is what he said to me in the caf the first time he put his peanut butter brownies down next to my salad .
i sit here , hunched over my salad , popping croutons in my mouth one at a time and grinning as i listen to summer , alison , and alex talk about the party saturday night .
you know me , i like a little salad with my thousand island dressing .
the same was true for him , except he would say , i like a little salad with my salad dressing and bacon bits and croutons .
the same was true for him , except he would say , i like a little salad with my salad dressing and bacon bits and croutons .
new years eve was a fun spread of salad , pickups , and homemade pizza .
she was reaching up into the cabinets and brought down two dinner plates and two smaller ones for salad .
mind getting the salad out of the fridge ?
a traditional cuban meal was spread out on that white linen tablecloth , complete with a citrusy salad of avocados , tomatoes and red onion on a bed of green lettuce , coated with a drizzle of lemon juice and olive oil .
by the time the salads had been removed , he had the whole table eating out of his palm .
i end up ordering a salad , even though luke assures me that the company is paying for the meal and that i should order something big and expensive and that comes with a toy .
she asked for a glass of wine , ordered the crab legs with a salad and a baked potato , and sat back to wait .
just as the waitress was placing her salad on the table , the tall , good - looking stranger walked into the room .
she took a bite of her salad and pretended to be enthralled with her salad fork .
choking on her salad , amber looked up into those glorious blue eyes .
can i help you , she asked as politely as she could after taking a sip of her wine to wash down the salad .
oh , a small town girl , eh , he asked as he started on his salad .
plateful oflasagna , bowlful of salad & half a tub of ice cream .
mostly i pushed the mushroom ravioli around on my plate and rearranged the lettuce of my salad .
i said going over to the countertop to pick up the bowl of salad to put on the table .
my dinners went back to being simple : tuna salad , spaghetti , fajitas , and lasagna .
i had been in the kitchen for around ten minutes , about to make myself a chicken salad sandwich in order to keep busy , when the doorbell finally rang .
swallowing a bite of the delicious egg salad sandwich , karas eyes jerked up to his face in surprise .
she looked in the refrigerator , found a caesar salad heidi had made and the leftovers of a squash casserole .
they sat in the dining room , eating chicken , salad and bruschetta i think well be okay .
i miss salads and fresh fruit and vegetables that do nt come out of a glass jar .
steven asked , and anna put him to work making the salad .
to him , it meant ribs slathered in sauce , pork with beans , grilled corn , and various kinds of mayonnaise - based salads .
i want to make my tomato and green bean salad , spicy cucumber slaw and chocolate - filled raspberries , but i always get avocados , broccoli , spinach , and cauliflower too .
you eat a salad or light entre even though you are starving .
elizabeth called after her , stop at the store , get some salad and dressing , please .
you should try a salad ; sadie makes a wicked cobb salad .
randy rose and joined in saying , they also have a great chicken salad sandwich .
when they returned elizabeth ate the salad , and then they sat back to wait .
i d like to check on the horses and give them some oats , so why do nt you two go get a pizza , and ill make some cheesy garlic bread and a salad , elizabeth offered .
amy set molly to work making a salad while she called elizabeths cell phone to see where she was .
and some of us prefer the occasional treat to wheat grass salad .
she lived on raspberry zingers , rice crackers and salad .
danica watched the waiters bringing salads to the enormous round table set up in the middle of the room .
not after having cake and champagne as appetizers then a summer squash bisque to start followed by the apple , pecan , and goat - cheese salad wrapping up with prime rib and lobster i do nt know how you girls can eat like this and still keep your figures .
peter 's girlfriends dieted on pasta instead of salads .
the salad had come by this point and she speared a piece of lettuce .
she pointed at her salad with her fork , rolled her eyes in ecstasy , and ignored him again .
krista thought a minute , eating another forkful of salad .
i make a garden and pasta salad while he seasons fresh ground beef and shapes it into patties before bringing them to the grill .
but now back in the deli with different salads still laid out in display cases and dripping , disgusting hunks of lunch meat only partially eaten away by mice , maggots or worse , i felt the familiar gag reflex that seemed to haunt my every waking moment during this apocalypse .
he ordered two beef sandwiches , a salad , fries , and a milkshake to her sandwich and cup of soup .
not wanting to feel left out , eve and kevan had done up a quick caesar salad and garlic bread .
ignoring the looks from his friends , he added to kevan and eve , i have to say that salad is addicting .
ill get the salads .
bowls containing pasta salad , baked beans , and a potato dish flanked it .
i took a last bite of salad , dabbed at my mouth , then laid my napkin on the table .
she paused and took a bite of her salad .
his burger came , and i excused myself to make a salad from the famous bathtub salad bar .
his burger came , and i excused myself to make a salad from the famous bathtub salad bar .
he dished out the meal , along with a salad that was already prepared in the fridge and opened a bottle of sparkling water .
she found fresh vegetables in the fridge and prepared a salad while the noodles boiled .
she made a pot of rice , timing it precisely , and prepared a salad .
james drove up to the menu board and ordered a cheeseburger kids meal for isaac , a grilled chicken salad for joni , and a twenty - piece chicken nugget meal for himself .
~~~ the waitress brought their salads and james shocked her when he bowed his head and said a short blessing over the food .
later , when three steaks sizzled on the grill , he slipped into the kitchen and watched her slice vegetables for the salad .
after the game , alex was just settling down to a salad and a slice of broiled salmon when the phone rang and flashed sabrina 's number on caller i d .
she returned to the kitchen , dug around in the crisper and threw together a rather wilted - looking salad .
she poured a whole glass , tossed the salad in the compost and defiantly grabbed a bag of popcorn from the cupboard .
` ` i know it 's a clich , but all i have are the makings of a pasta sauce and some salad . ''
she nodded yes to the salad he offered .
she was n't talking about the salad .
` ` it 's going well , '' she said , evading the topic by taking another forkful of salad .
kara scooped up a spoonful of potato salad , but did nt put it in her mouth .
i nodded so he d know i heard him , but i was still pretending to focus on the salad .
he set the pasta bowl down beside the salad and pulled out a chair for me .
tentatively , i reached for the salad and put some into my bowl .
she was talking to babs and putting together a salad when i came back from getting soupy settled in a room .
i stole a cherry tomato from the bowl dana was assembling her salad in ; she shot me a look but kept peeling the carrot .
the waiter brought our salads and set them in front of us .
i looked down at my salad .
i took out some chicken breasts and salad fixings and put a pot of water on to boil for pasta .
babs came into the kitchen and helped me finish up the salad .
i ordered a greek salad , and nick the steak and potatoes .
when he left , i pressed the fork into my salad as nick cut into his steak .
chapter 9 pass the macaroni salad .
have a taste of the macaroni salad .
luke caught dorians gaze and handed the salad directly to her .
the waitress stopped by their table and took their orders , with becca getting the lasagna and a salad , and zach ordering north carolina barbecue with fries , slaw , and hushpuppies .
they ate the dinner zach had preparedeggplant parmesan atop spaghetti , a tossed salad with bottled italian dressing , and garlic breadin an easy familiarity and intimacy that contrasted their initial awkwardness .
when he called becca to the table , the lights of the kitchen were off and the tables lone candle lit , the wine glasses were full ( beccas with ice water , his with french burgundy leftover from making the entre weeks before ) , and the foodbeef burgundy over noodles and steamed broccoli tossed in fresh lemon juice on warmed plates , tossed salad on salad plates , and crusty french rolls in a bread basketwas carefully and lovingly arranged at the two place settings .
the mix of distinct ingredients had become a homogenized salad dressing .
he poured half of it on beccas salad and the balance on his .
i made a salad .
that night , while sophie picked at her chicken salad and michael ate pizza in front of the television , she told him about the job in the states .
the essex girls are eating their salads and eyeing my plate with disgust .
after speeches and entertainment we had to go through the buffay line for lunch , so we are standing in the line which is broken up into different sections : fruits and salad , meat , side dishes , rolls and bread , and those machines that shoot out soft chocolate ice cream that looks like diarea coming out a pigs behind .
you have the right to express yourselves in whatever way you decide , in whatever way seems most fitting for you ; and you have the right not to have anybody take that expression or your pleasure from that expression away from you , not any man -- and this she said like a dirty word , or something , something she had to spit out of her mouth like shed found a cockroach in her salad at howies barbeque out in west columbia or unintended result of your actions .
mikey and sam could eat their weight in cheese dip , and kelly loved their salads .
kelly ordered a beef taco salad and a large margarita .
kelly asked as she walked into the kitchen and saw andrew preparing a salad .
two bowls of soup , two plates each of salad , steak , pasta , a bottle of wine , two bottles of beer , and chocolate cake .
she grabbed a steak and salad and beer and he did likewise .
marissa looked down at her salad .
tonights offering was spareribs , baked potatoes , green salad , and cornmeal muffins .
john jeffers was setting salads on the counter .
they ate bread and salads and picked at the entrees , taking their time , because eating was really beside the point .
at first he was self - conscious , knowing she was watching his every move , but as he put together a salad , warmed the bread , and washed a filet from the salmon he d caught that day , he relaxed .
i helped him by tearing up the lettuce for a salad .
as he dug into his salad , mia left her fork on the table .
next to him mia sat and picked at her grilled chicken salad as a new action movie played on the flat screen television .
mia put her salad down on the table .
more than half mias salad should still be in the other room , too .
mias aunt asked from the counter where she prepared a salad .
besides you re a guest , mias aunt answered before carrying a salad outside .
not a huge fan of pasta salad , he added some to his plate anyway .
a grilled chicken salad minus the dressing and cheese .
another piece of her heart slipped away , as she accepted the salad .
she stabbed the lettuce in her salad , but her eyes never left the cookies .
the darn thing all but called her name , but she raised her forkful of salad to her mouth .
shed caved and had a quarter of a cookie once she finished her salad and then wrapped the rest up and returned it to the picnic basket .
a salad once in a while would nt kill us .
she wanted to change into jeans and sandals , have a salad and a burger , and sleep in her own bed .
cathy was standing at the counter in michaels kitchen , softly humming a half - forgotten ballad to herself while preparing a large bowl of mixed salad .
cutting onions into thin rings , halving baby tomatoes , slicing a green bell pepper and washing huge salad leaves as well as dark olives felt like a surprisingly attractive pastime .
with astonishing energy , she tossed the ingredients of the salad in olive oil and vinegar , added some salt and pepper and checked on the two steaks that were frying in a pan , sizzling away quietly .
she busied herself with searching for two bowls from which they could eat the salad .
while the old lady was picking her way through her salad , they made several efforts at small talk , and gave them up almost immediately .
the past hours had been spent wolfing down a dinner of salad with warmed - up spaghetti with tomato sauce , and rummaging through cupboards , boxes and bags .
lauren walked over and picked up the knife and started chopping items to go into their salad .
lauren went back to making the salad as haley pulled the dishes out of the cupboard and set them on the table .
she motioned towards the table , where there was a tall pitcher of tea and a bowl of salad .
haley swatted his hand away from the bowl of fruit she 'd been mixing for fruit salad .
i hope you do n't mind , but i thought we 'd just do a salad and sandwiches .
well throw these on the barbie , mix up a salad , and call it a day .
they huddled in a small table in the corner of the restaurant eating cold pumpkin soup and a salad .
missy took another bite of her salad and chewed thoughtfully .
missy forked the last bite of her salad .
sarah thought about that while munching her salad .
he began eating his salad .
here , put your salad in this bowl .
maybe she put the salad shed made into a refrigerator .
she showed him what all shed collected to start the salad .
she looked down at her vegetables and continued making the salad .
she put the salad down and took out the cornbread ingredients .
i ve almost finished the black - eyed peas and the salad is not hard .
he had a hearty soup going with fresh bread and a garden salad .
yeah , i m thinking salad or anything without meat for me , melissa kidded back .
she did not , however , but waited patiently until he finished the specials list before ordering a caesar salad and diet cola .
even the salad smells terrific , she said .
after eating their salads , gabriel cleared the emptied plates and vanished into the kitchen .
when the salads were finished , paul started to question katryn about the volleyball team .
when the salads were served , katryn started to speak .
she waited till the waitress served their salads and left before answering .
okay , you re telling me you are going to show up here this afternoon with enough steaks to feed the 59 adults and six kids we have in - house , plus baked potatoes , plus salad .
you and me , we will do the salad .
here , we put this on the cart ; then i will show you how to make lots of salad very quickly .
marie was certainly right about one thing ; they made a lot of salad and in a hurry .
i say we have a grilled chicken salad , with lots of veggies and light dressing .
melissa shook her head as she sat back in her seat and shoved the remains of her salad aside .
lilli poured the ranch dressing around in swirls on her salad .
her mom started chopping tomatoes for the salad .
several fast food chains carry salads now .
the sandwiches and wraps would be custom - made and served with a side of either one of three salads or a soup .
soup and a whole grain bun will also be a staple of the menu , as well as meal - sized salads .
chicken fettuccine , with spinach salad and the chocolate cake .
the water was heating for pasta , the salads were prepared and in the fridge waiting for dressing , the cake was in a domed dish on the counter and frozen yogurt was in the freezer .
she picked up a glass bottle and shook it vigorously , at the same time removing individual salads from the fridge .
you can start on your salad , she said quietly .
he chuckled again and picked up the bottle of salad dressing , giving it a little shake and pulling out the stopper .
the salads well make up fresh midmorning , and i wo nt make all my own dressings .
she spun to retrieve a meal - sized salad from the refrigerator behind her and handed it to karen .
stop it , you ninny , she chided herself as her hands paused over a salad .
i m thinking a hot dish , perhaps a small assortment of wraps , a couple of salads and the cake for dessert .
halfway through his salad , jack wished he were anywhere but sitting next to sam , listening to eugenia and richard deeling carry on a lively conversation about the joys of children and the institution of marriage .
i ripped open the bag and when i saw the salad , i got up and got mom a fork .
she took another bite of her salad .
` ` salmon , green salad , new potatoes , '' she muttered , watching him pour milk into a glass .
suzie put some marble - sized , pre - washed potatoes in water to boil , got the salmon out of the fridge and started shaking mixed salad into a wooden bowl .
leaving lyn to finish the bed - night ritual , suzie went down to the kitchen where she turned the grill off , poured dressing over the salad , tossed it and went to lay the table .
can you just tip some salad into a bowl and heat these pizzas up ? ''
` ` mommy , rickys feeding his salad to hammy ! ''
she nodded at him , handing plates round and doling out tomato salad .
` ` mom , judys put all her salad into the dishwasher ! ''
she ducked into the fridge , pretending to hunt for the salad and only finding a tiny bag of miniature vegetables that were past their best .
then she remembered she had nt asked luke if he could take one of the grey lizards reports off her plate and phoned him , which meant she did nt notice the kids leaving their salad and finishing nearly a whole pot of nutella , which meant that judy got it in her hair , which meant suzie had to bath her .
get the salad out . ''
rare steaks with green peppercorn sauce , jacket potatoes , green salad , house red .
` ` examining his feelings and eating salad ? ''
shellfish and salad and chips and chicken wings and milk shakes and a dish of stewed vegetables and a bottle of chilled white wine .
` ` his pockets are full of blood and he walks the ramparts when the moon is full ... '' ` ` do n't talk such nonsense , and take that salad out of your pocket , '' said rosie .
and any of the salads .
ill take the meat loaf , mashed potatoes and side salad .
she continued to wait while the woman ordered a variety of cheeses , potato salad and cole slaw .
a salad doused with italian dressing followed , then the aromatic scampi served over a bed of rice .
she took a barefoot walk on the beach , working up enough of an appetite to enjoy the dining room lunch of salad , clam chowder ( homemade , she suspected ) , big hard rolls and butter .
the salmon was delicious , of course , as was the caesar salad , green beans soaked in butter and bacon , and the ice cream with blueberries for dessert .
fried chicken , bologna sandwiches , potato salad , cole slaw , watermelon .
i ve got some fried chicken , a couple bologna sandwiches , some potato salad and cole slaw .
i ve got some exciting news , leslie said over her salad .
he finished his salad and pushed the plate away .
after salad and before the entree , jasmine asked if leslie would show her where the rest room was .
about the only thing she could afford , and still have a few dollars left over for traveling home , was a small salad .
tooty waited for cecelia to order and sighed with relief when she asked for a caesar salad .
miles ordered a pasta dish with soup and salad .
wine - soaked portobello mushrooms for appetizers , a variation on a caesars salad , and a hot beef consomm to ward off the chill .
i set out the food i had packed , cheeses , breads , olives , meats , and a salad .
justine asks , swinging by my cubicle with a couple of salads for lunch .
tacos or a salad .
or , i gave a mischievous smile , taco salad .
` ` i ' ve never seen a girl get so excited over a taco salad . ''
he smirked and stood next to me as i made him a similar salad .
enjoy your salad . ''
the bell rang a few minutes later , meaning i only got to enjoy part of my salad .
i stood in line for a salad .
the lunch lady gave me a tiny bit of salad , enough to feed a small bunny , and put a carrot on top .
meat surprise , an apple , some sort of salad that looked more like macaroni than leafy greens and an alarming amount of french fries .
i have nt cleaned out the fridge yet , and i ve got lunchmeat in there , and some salad .
` ` actually , '' he takes a bite of salad .
he grins before taking another bite of salad .
she beams , forgetting about the plate of salad in front of her as she waves her hands .
she finally looks down at her plate of salad , eyeing a specific bite .
she takes a breath and forms another perfect bite of salad on her fork .
holly looks down at her salad .
armando came over for dinner and i made fettuccini alfredo and a green salad .
maria had brought over steaks , salad and pasta to share with melissa and scott , while tyler had brought a few bottles of granger winery chardonnay .
she passed the salad on to tyler .
then we rack it to remove any sediment please come by she swallowed her bite of salad and chuckled .
finish your salad , honey .
its not the salad i want gotcha can you wait until ten or eleven ?
he opened the frig and found salad and french bread shed made his favorite mealjesus he did nt think he could feel any worse , but seeing all her loving preparations made him sink to a new low that s when he ran into the bathroom and threw up tyler found him holding a cold beer bottle to his forehead , sitting out on the deck .
) , potato salad , and a crisp apple pie .
yes , your skeletal appearance shows that you ve been eating salads and apples .
in the end , i ordered moqueca de camaro , a dish of shrimp with coconut and palm oil , while gabriel ordered vatap , or fishy cream , and victor ordered a conservative salad .
jessi passed the tossed salad .
then a big tupperware bowl full of cold fried chicken and another one with leftover chili , and one with fresh tossed salad .
i created fake gmail accounts for elisha and that redheaded kid who came to our table yesterday , she explained as she ate a salad she had prepared at home .
* * * at lunchtime , kate walked into the cafeteria with her green stella mccartney bag which contained a homemade salad and a filled lululemon water bottle .
he stared at his salad for a moment as he knocked a crouton around with his fork .
we negotiate back and forth and agree on a large salad to start , with lasagna for the main course .
over the salad , i launch my information - gathering offensive , thinking of melody as i do .
i do nt know what to say , so i opt for a forkful of salad .
the grilled chicken salad here is really good .
anthony places a salad down and i see the cider bottle on the table .
his tone is so sarcastic that i want to throw the salad at his rising figure .
pushing the salad and coffee away from me , my head flops into my hands .
he put the basket down and invited me to sit , then served me lunch from the selection of cheeses , salads and cold meats .
it only takes a few minutes for me to realize he 's making a salad .
all i have left to do is make the salad .
he goes to the fridge , pulls out some tomatoes , washes them , and then begins chopping them up for the salad .
he finishes the salad , setting it off to the side before he pulls what looks to be a casserole out of the oven .
he stabs at his salad with his fork .
i redistribute my salad on my plate , quickly losing my appetite from nervousness .
both men washed up at the sink then sat down to enjoy pot roast , mashed potatoes , steamed vegetables , and fruit salad .
hunter and janet were provided a light meal of chicken salad sandwiches and some cut up fruit prepared by mrs . mckinney .
~ chapter seventeen ~ i made a simple dinner of spaghetti , salad and bread .
tomorrows menu will feature cereal , soup and salad .
* * * i was standing by the kitchen sink , chopping up some vegetables for a salad .
shaun was in the shower so mike helped make the salad .
she turned her back to him while she worked on preparing a salad .
abbey pushed the button on the coffee pot to start the brew when duncan came in carrying two plates with rolls piled high with ham , couple forks of potato salad , one or two meatballs and a couple of pretzels stuck on top .
even after everything lindsey packed there had been more green bean casserole and ham salad than anyone should have to deal with .
i chowed down on a tuna fish on rye with a few extra pickles on the side , because of the weird love affair i had with pickles , and she nibbled on a chef 's salad .
i requested the chicken sandwich , frannie wanted a chicken salad and the boys both ordered hanger steak sandwiches with double onion rings on the side .
feeling the need to start my day right , i decided to make a quick fruit salad with grapes , strawberries , pineapple and cantaloupe topped with a banana and sour cream dressing .
i did nt think i d ever eaten in a place that served seaweed salad .
after being surrounded by sugar for the last couple of hours , a salad was sounding really good to me .
since i was searching for a salad , i really did nt care where we stopped , which meant it is was up to nate to pick .
mamma served her famous chicken salad and it was delicious .
an ongoing affair with the same woman who had brought the salad and dessert when we d broiled steaks .
two foil - wrapped baking potatoes sat on the kitchen counter next to a bottle of merlot and the makings for a caesar salad .
half an hour and two martinis later , my family joined the two hundred people who sat down to eat an exquisite meal of cucumber salad and she - crab soup followed by a pork and shrimp dish with a lemon ginger sauce , served with rice .
she busied herself setting out the cold cuts and salads and bread rolls , and they had another rather noisy and chaotic morgan family meal , which she cleaned up , also , because it was better to keep busy when she was feeling like this .
he showed up just as she was about to wind down and settle with a bowl of chicken and rice salad and a dvd .
she picked at the arugula and lemon salad that came with it , scared of the unknown that awaited her .
forty minutes later gabriel was chopping cucumbers and putting the finishing touches to a fresh green salad that he d made to go with pasta and sauce .
lunch usually is nt a big meal part of the day , so how about some chicken salad sandwiches and chips ?
i 'll bet you even eat salads . ''
okay , now you can make a salad up while i get the garlic bread ready , i said , starting my task .
shed asked every question she could think of the one other time i tasked her with a salad , so i hoped she was right .
she laid out the ingredients i would need to make a salad and handed me a knife .
while she put the steaks and the lobster on the table , i tossed the salad i made with some vinegar and oil and put that on the table .
yes , and that salad i do nt even have words for how fabulous it is .
the waitress dropped off our arugula salads , and we ate them while bandying about nothing specific .
can you check the provenance of the tuna in the nicoise salad ?
the salad for me too , thank you .
i offered to make the salad .
when he was in the shower , i started making a light dinner for us with omelette , greek salad and cold beer .
picking up my fork , i stabbed it into the bulk of my salad , hoping she was right .
they ve got soups , salads , and sandwiches .
cassie sits down on one of the stools and starts to assist molly in making a salad .
i leave the ladies to make their salad and walk up the flights of stairs to chris 's study on the second floor .
i noticed cassie stuck mostly to the salad and it made me wonder if she was still dieting and trying to lose weight .
beds of seasonal salad .
i opened the refrigerator and bent down to get the container of fruit salad .
i looked up for my fruit salad .
he grilled three chicken breasts then made a chicken salad filled with lettuce , spinach , green olives , tomatoes , onion , snow peas , walnuts , apples , mandarin oranges , and dried cranberries .
when she sat down again , her hand hit the lip of her bowl and tumbled her salad to the floor .
sherelle dug into her salad and at every opportunity concentrated on the beautiful waves in his hair , the even color of his skin .
how s the salad ?
she had piled potato salad , corn on the cob , baked beans , ribs and chicken on her plate .
have some garlic bread and salad but you both are gon na have my dumpling .
paul jr . returned carrying a basket of garlic bread sticks and salads .
cheyenne clenched her teeth and had to do everything in her professional will power to not throw the bowl of salad across the room .
we have ready - made salad in the refrigerator .
the waitress brought her caesar salad .
half way through the salad , she looked at the bottom line and whistled softly .
kira did nt remember nicole having such an appetite as she dug into a tuna melt , chips , a salad , and some browned butter double chocolate cookies she picked up from the bakery down the street .
kira tasted bitterness and it was nt the arugula in the salad .
kira and ian celebrated over a sumptuous dinner of grilled pizza with fresh herbs and mozzarella along with a giant salad .
` ` my mom gave me the recipe for the chicken salad and betty crocker did the brownies .
lucy served a mediterranean salad and bread sticks with the pizza .
they had runner beans and courgettes and whole rakes of salads and herbs .
there were very elegant salads with asparagus and avocado , walnuts and blue cheese .
there had been a set of matching luggage , some colourful garden lights and a carved wooden salad bowl with matching servers .
` ` lasagna , french bread , and a salad .
it was a family tradition , one john had started when , at the age of two , he had used his mother 's favorite lipstick to recolor the impressive rows of fruit salad on joe 's dress uniform .
they bought fried chicken , potato salad , rolls , coleslaw , an apple pie , and some green stuff sunny called pistachio salad .
and there was joe , decked out in his air force uniform with more rows of fruit salad on it than should be allowed .
` ` my grandma says grandpa married her because her german potato salad was so good .
` ` i ' ve got chicken i could make into a salad .
` ` no , '' meg said , opening the refrigerator and taking out lettuce for a salad .
robin glanced up from the salad she was mixing .
she was more interested in peeling potatoes for the salad than discussing fancy cars .
once the salad was ready , robin ventured outside .
` ` taco salad . ''
` ` a shrimp salad , '' angela elaborated .
` ` i was thinking chinese food myself , '' robin said , ` ` but , now that you mention it , shrimp salad sounds good . ''
once they were seated , robin and angela were waited on quickly and ordered their shrimp salads .
the huge shrimp salads were all but forgotten as angela , eyes narrowed and elbows braced on the table , confronted her .
doing her best to pretend she had n't seen him , robin took another bite of her salad and chewed vigorously .
she paused to study the salads before selecting a mound of cottage cheese and setting it on her tray .
she took the small bowl from robin 's tray and replaced it with a fresh fruit salad , shaking her head the entire time .
` ` i talked to frank on sunday afternoon , '' angela continued , dipping her fork into a crisp green salad .
he spread a pretty french provincial patterned cloth - which must have been a rather expensive purchase back in danes mill - and unpacked the deli bags filled with gourmet salads .
` ` after that greasy food last night and now this , i ' m going to have to eat salads for the rest of the week , '' i said .
but i recommend the salad instead of the vegetable .
gavin waited and wondered if she 'd admit she only had a salad .
` ` i 'll make a salad . ''
a wide variety of casseroles , as well as salads , cheeses and sliced meats , were served .
` ` i did n't offer to buy you lunch in a fancy restaurant for nothing , '' lesley commented brightly , forking up a slice of chicken in her chicken - and - spinach salad .
neither of her friends had touched their seafood salads .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' she whispered brokenly , staring down at the bowl of pasta salad .
rosa came around the corner , carrying a glass bowl of salad , with a bottle of dressing tucked under her arm .
she waited until he 'd drowned his slice of meat loaf in catsup and loaded his plate with fruit salad and mashed potatoes before she broached the subject of his letter .
` ` with green beans and a tossed salad . ''
her mother was busy cutting fresh fruit for a gelatin salad , one of her brother 's favorites , as joy recalled .
and my special garden salad , minus tomatoes . ''
` ` oh , great , you have n't decorated your tree yet , '' paula said after setting the salad on the table .
` ` i do n't know , '' phil said , carrying over the tossed green salad .
julie wilcoff asked her father as she set the salad on the dinner table .
home now , her spirits soaring , she stood barefoot in the kitchen chopping vegetables for a huge salad when the phone rang .
and she 'd even made dinner again - black - bean soup , corn bread and a salad .
anne and julie both ordered a glass of chianti with their spinach salads .
` ` i take it roy was once in love with aimee , '' julie said as the waiter brought their salads .
to cover her embarrassment , she dug into her salad .
the salad sat on the top shelf of the refrigerator .
he carried the salad out and set it on the table .
` ` the salad is served . ''
` ` why , they had a choice of two soups and a salad , plus fish , chicken or meat loaf .
in the past week , beth had learned that they both read the same books , liked the same kinds of food - mexican and chinese - and adored anchovies on caesar salad but not pizza .
i felt like i 'd just stepped into an avocado salad .
his brothers had told him to expect anything ; one sister - in - law had craved spinach salad , another wanted pastrami and olives , still another would wake up in the middle of the night to eat tomato soup and cheddar cheese .
the weather usually proved to be hot at this time of year , so a variety of seafood and salads was the order of the day , followed by an english - style trifle that her mother made to perfection .
the chef had gone a little overboard with the array of tropical salads , dishes teeming with prawns and lobster , tasmanian salmon and barramundi fish .
and maybe a limp salad .
` ` all that 's left is the salad .
homemade pasta , meatballs , salad and garlic bread was probably the most stereotypical italian meal he could have cooked , but it seemed to hit the spot for everyone .
mike was making a salad , dylan checking on a roast , and both turned to her , smiles at the ready , so amused and playful she almost burst into tears at the hope it all inspired .
before too long she 'd left and sasha and nick were tucking into their steak and salad .
she finished her salad and had the casserole in the oven , so she decided to go work on the library .
the man from the beach was sitting at a table , in an enormous room , removing lids from what looked like a very good salad and seafood pasta .
she grabbed the bowl of salad and started shoving bites into her mouth .
` ` this salad dressing is sensational . ''
appetite returning in full force , i took a healthy bite of my salad .
i picked up my fork and started in on a chicken , cranberry , walnut , and feta salad .
the deli i had in mind was a couple blocks up and offered smoothies , salads , and a variety of made - to - order paninis with quick service .
we looked over the choices and i placed the order , a chicken salad for me and chicken soup for him .
` ` can you finish the salad for me , please ? ''
he brought the salad over , smacking my ass before pulling out my chair .
' three observations about today : i did n't get everything done on my to - do list , the salad you made me for lunch was delicious , and , most importantly , i love you , ' ? ''
as usual , the fish was incredible , and the salad with tiny tart onions and little cubes of a sharp , white cheese packed so much flavor that before i knew it , my wineglass was empty and dominique was at my side , quietly refilling it .
` ` you guys , '' i protested , digging into my salad .
she dug into her salad , taking an enormous bite , and i tried not to study her .
when i returned to the table , ziggy had nearly polished off her salad and was watching people move down the sidewalk .
bennett and chloe pretended to hate each other over the salad she insisted they split for lunch , in some confusing form of flirty foreplay .
behind her i see the waiter get ready to bring some garlic bread and salad .
the waiter puts her salad down on the table in front of her and bella 's blush deepens to real mortification .
right now a tray of tony 's famous tarts and a birthday card with jacey 's name on it sit on a table , along with three salads .
i groan and swat at her before i turn to follow her inside , but tony snags my elbow and points at my salad .
cage asked walking into the kitchen and jumping up to take a seat on the bar right beside where i was chopping vegetable for my salad .
i unroll my knife and fork and plunge straight in to the colourful salad doused in that yummy dressing .
i look up around a forkful of salad and see jesse pop his own fork into his mouth .
i stay facing the bar and start poking at my salad with my fork .
i swivel back to face the bar as soon as i can to recommence poking at my salad .
gina 's potato salad is a perfect side dish . ''
` ` potato salad and submarine sandwiches .
i thought about ordering salad , so i could be cool too , but when the waitress came and i actually opened up my mouth , i said ` ` lemon pie . ''
jeff had put together an impressive spread of food , sandwiches , potato salad , pasta salad , fruit salad , key lime pie , sparkling mineral water , and a bottle of expensive champagne .
jeff had put together an impressive spread of food , sandwiches , potato salad , pasta salad , fruit salad , key lime pie , sparkling mineral water , and a bottle of expensive champagne .
jeff had put together an impressive spread of food , sandwiches , potato salad , pasta salad , fruit salad , key lime pie , sparkling mineral water , and a bottle of expensive champagne .
` ` i will serve your salads after we have taken off , '' lana said and then left them to eat .
` ` mmm , i hope mom made her famous chicken salad , '' lucas said .
` ` let 's head on in so we can get some of mom 's salad and alex can get those steaks on the grill , '' he continued .
` ` if the rest of your food is anything like some of those salads and desserts you made last night , we would ' ve most certainly enjoyed your breakfast .
it 's nice to have a make your own sandwich lunch , plus i found a couple bowls of your salad that somehow did n't make it out to the food table last night , '' amy said , looking pointedly at mark .
i have n't had this good of homemade salad since ... well hell since never .
the hands all decided to barbeque at the bunkhouse that night , so she finished making them salads and sent everything down with trevor and mark .
it 's just a salad , not a gourmet dish , she though , but he leaned the full length of his body into her backside , and she tensed .
he was satisfied , though , when he noticed that she finished her entire fruit salad .
the waiter slipped in and took away her barely touched salad as he set down their next course , seared sea scallops with spring onion soubise .
a menu of cold salad , lobster fettuccine and chocolate mousse was ready to be served when they were , and overflowing vases of flowers sat on the two end tables .
when he watched her pick up her fork with her long , slender fingers and begin to nibble on her salad with her luscious mouth and tiny white teeth , moaning her approval , his body had no choice but to tighten .
a quaint tablecloth , with a spread of sandwiches , potato salad , and sliced , raw vegetables are between us .
not bad , especially when you added in she 'd dined sensibly on the grilled chicken salad in the hotel dining room , had not given in to temptation and inhaled an entire pizza but had limited herself to half a slice .
just a bit ago , i was in the hotel dining room , considering ordering the green salad and the haddock , along with a nice glass of white .
i make a really good salad these days .
quinn gave up the dream of two slices of pizza , settled on one and a bowl of layla 's salad .
she went into the living room , abandoning the salad she 'd set on the counter .
dinner consisted of a delightful guacamole and blue corn chips , grilled brisket and potato salad , which was surprisingly good .
carol had made a lovely lunch of cold tomato soup - a spanish recipe , she 'd said - and a seafood salad .
martha had left a chef 's salad in the refrigerator for her dinner ; she sat down at the kitchen table and nibbled at it , but she did n't have much appetite .
while david and maverick chatted , drinking their wine , the women carried the salad , sliced roast , mashed potatoes and gravy to the table .
maverick brought a caesar salad , redolent with garlic , into the dining room .
when they 'd finished their salad , he removed the plates and served the lasagna .
elise finished the salad and vigorously stirred the tomato and meat sauce simmering on the stove .
the waitress came by , and bethanne ordered the fajita salad , while paul chose the chicken enchilada plate .
one slice of pizza and a small salad would be fine .
she chose a chef 's salad with low - fat dressing and skipped the soda , selecting bottled water instead .
` ` courtney , '' annie shouted and hurried over to her as soon as she 'd finished paying for her salad .
after they 'd eaten their salads , annie took out an apple and munched on that , but they barely exchanged another word .
susannah parked by the three - car garage and reached for her contributions : a package that contained the makings for a caesar salad and a bottle of wine she 'd picked up at the grocery store on her way out of town .
susannah quickly prepared her salad .
the five women chatted and laughed nonstop through the appetizers , followed by a dinner of salads , creamy stroganoff with buttered noodles and fresh green beans .
le gourmand was new to colville , and vivian had heard that they served an incredibly good chicken salad .
` ` it 's new , but apparently their chicken salad is excellent .
she 'd finished her entire salmon cake and small salad , but she did n't much care for the rice dish .
two thick steaks sat on the kitchen counter , and the green salad made with lettuce from her garden and fresh tomatoes , green peppers and slivered carrots was in the refrigerator , ready for her green goddess dressing .
i made a batch of potato salad , following a recipe tammie lee donovan had given me .
in addition to the potato salad , i doctored up baked beans with brown sugar and mustard and baked a carrot cake for dessert .
brad had marinated them in a mixture of soy sauce , italian salad dressing and herbs - a blend he could probably never duplicate again .
every course , from the roasted tomato soup with hot rosemary - scented rolls to the hearts - of - palm salad to her entree was so delicious it practically dissolved on her tongue .
elizabeth smiled as doris came into the room , carrying two lovely salads , heaped with fresh scallops , shrimp and large chunks of dungeness crab .
jordan picked her up before church and placed the salad in a cooler he 'd brought in his trunk .
` ` i brought a cake and a salad , '' she told her , setting the cake on the table .
their lunch consisted of macaroni and cheese , a gelatin salad , carrot sticks , milk and an oatmeal cookie .
she chose a fresh salad and canned peaches for herself .
there was a knock at the back door just as anne marie put the salad in the middle of the table .
of all her friends , she trusted jacqueline most , and yet ... a waiter came to their table , and lillie decided on the oriental salad ; jacqueline ordered blackened scallops .
lillie had yet to try a single bite of her salad .
the buffet started with a selection of cheeses , olives , brie - stuffed dates and three different salads - a seafood pasta , a caesar with home - made croutons and a fruit salad .
the buffet started with a selection of cheeses , olives , brie - stuffed dates and three different salads - a seafood pasta , a caesar with home - made croutons and a fruit salad .
the salad , waiting in the refrigerator , was already mixed .
the soup , tomato basil , smelled delicious and was accompanied by a caesar salad with homemade croutons .
` ` could you get me a salad with a side of cottage cheese ? ''
she made a cobb salad for dinner , with grilled chicken strips , blue cheese , hard - boiled eggs and sliced pickled beets , one of her favorite vegetables .
i prepared the salad and asked casey to clear the table so we could set it for dinner .
i grabbed lunch when i could between customers , bringing back a take - out container of salad for casey .
once she got to the lake house , she picked fresh lettuce from their small garden patch and made a cobb salad , a favorite of jordan 's .
when she 'd f inished preparing the salad , she put it in the refrigerator , then set the table outside .
the soup was beet with ginger and the salad was spinach with blue cheese and dried cranberries .
i 'd ordered a greek salad from the deli across the street and it sat on my desk .
i set my salad aside , scooping up a kalamata olive and popping it in my mouth .
we 're also having a salad . ''
the salad , which included several leafy greens , was full of green peppers , red onions and radishes , plus pine nuts and goat cheese .
i asked as i poured a small amount over the salad .
macy put me in charge of the salad .
the salads were already on the table and the noise of clanking silverware and conversation rose to the vaulted ceiling .
she chose the tex - mex salad , while grant ordered chicken enchiladas and a bean burrito combination plate .
everything was delicious , from her salad to the rich dessert they shared .
bethanne was put to work opening bags of potato chips and emptying them into plastic bowls while susie made a salad .
anything other than a salad was greeted with ' you 're going to eat all that ? '
` ` i already have a salad made .
as colin worked on the salad , he could n't help noticing that she was getting quieter and quieter .
he rummaged in the fridge for fruit salad and several wedges of gourmet cheese .
the two older women ordered the ubiquitous grilled chicken salad with dressing on the side .
` ` he 'll have the salad , as well .
he ate his salad , and jenner figured it was n't the worst sacrifice he 'd ever made in the name of getting what he wanted .
if she could be a prisoner , he could eat a salad .
the room service restaurant here serves great salads and grilled shrimp , but their cheeseburgers are truly subpar , and the fries are soggy .
i should be eating the salads and grilled shrimp , but with the stress of this whole situation i ' m feeling the need for something more substantial .
last month we buried marion parsons , and a lady from her church brought the most incredible noodle salad made with - and this is the kicker - whipped cream .
instead , laura stuffed hard - boiled egg whites with a crabmeat - and - shrimp salad .
using one of her mother 's favorite recipes , she prepared a main - dish chicken salad .
olivia removed the salad from the refrigerator , filled two plates , and carried them to the table .
then as if nothing noteworthy had transpired between them , they went back to eating their salads .
the waitress brought them menus and grace chose a chef 's salad and coffee , while kelly ordered a chicken sandwich and a glass of milk .
she returned a moment later , carrying out a large salad .
` ` cream of potato soup and a green salad with ranch dressing on the side .
` ` a salad and scone . ''
olivia was still far too thin ; she needed more than just a salad .
mary jo had set the table and placed the casserole in the middle , together with a green salad and fresh bread , by the time mack returned .
she dished up the casserole and passed him the salad .
she 'd take the salad out of the refrigerator just before they sat down at the table .
` ` everything 's ready , '' corrie finally said , and stood to bring the salad to the table .
she carried it into the kitchen , where shirley was preparing a curried chicken salad .
needing to occupy her hands , she unpacked the picnic basket , setting the empty potato salad container in the kitchen sink and filling it with soapy water .
he 'd finished a plateful of crab salad , broccoli quiche and smoked salmon canapes , but he was ready , as usual , to indulge his sweet tooth .
she asked for crab cakes with rice pilaf and a green salad .
both bruce and jolene chose the full steak dinner , complete with baked potato , soup and salad .
that was followed by a mixed green salad with homemade poppyseed dressing .
all she had to do now was boil the potatoes and finish preparing the salad .
the salads and vegetable selections had n't altered much from the time olivia was a child .
` ` meat loaf , mashed potatoes , corn on the cob and a fresh salad . ''
olivia added a comment every now and then as she nibbled at her crab salad , but her spirits were n't high and she struggled to keep her thoughts away from jack .
olivia would ask justine to provide the fruit salad and whatever else she wanted to contribute .
she planned to mash the potatoes with garlic and serve broccoli and a small salad .
after that , he brought out a salad - lettuce with sliced fresh pear , shaves of roquefort cheese and wonderful honey - coated roasted walnuts .
they had one glass of wine with the salad and another before the entree of baked salmon with a dill sauce so creamy maryellen closed her eyes to savor the first bite .
the waitress arrived with two cobb salads .
` ` i was thinking of making an oriental chicken salad . ''
` ` but it was n't that way in the beginning , '' james said , patting his wife on the behind as she walked past with a large green salad .
the evening was unseasonably warm and she dug around her refrigerator , deciding she 'd just have a salad .
dinner - roast chicken and gravy , roasted root vegetables and salad - was wonderful , although olivia felt slightly on edge .
` ` mom said you took her to lunch , '' olivia said when their salad with shrimp piled atop bibb lettuce was delivered by their efficient and unobtrusive waiter .
hannah picked at her salad .
` ` i made us a taco salad . ''
` ` i ca n't wait to see which dog janet paired him up with , '' she said , leaning close to olivia as the waiters started to circulate with salads .
without being asked , allison set the salad on the table and brought out two bottles of dressing from the refrigerator door .
after saying grace , they passed everything around and allison served herself some salad and just enough spaghetti to deter any comments or questions .
the picnic basket boasted fried chicken , potato salad , rolls and coleslaw , which nate had picked up at a chicken franchise before coming to collect her .
despite her lack of appetite , justine ordered the crab cakes and a small salad .
fortunately she did n't need to say anything , because diana arrived with their salads .
lunches would be soups , salads and sandwiches , with a special each day .
dinner was in the oven , the salad was made , and a bottle of wine was cooling on ice while she waited for seth 's return from the boatyard .
when she turned off the phone and set it aside , she was surprised to see ellen in the kitchen , preparing a salad for dinner .
forty - five teri took a bite of her taco salad and realized that her appetite just was n't what it used to be .
she immediately set aside her salad and got to her feet .
he could n't remember the last time he 'd actually made a green salad or eaten fresh fruit .
three barbecued chicken , a green salad , garlic bread - a perfect dinner for a perfect summer day .
seth would be home soon and he 'd barbecue the chicken while she put the finishing touches on the salad .
he could barbecue a steak , nuke a potato and pour salad dressing over lettuce with the best of 'em .
jolene prepared a green salad while bruce fixed tuna sandwiches .
moving into the kitchen , olivia found her husband preparing a salad .
who would ' ve dreamed that jack griffin , editor of the cedar cove chronicle and renowned junk - food fanatic , would care about low - fat salad dressing ?
` ` anyway , after all this time you should know you do n't need gifts of salad dressing to get me into your arms . ''
after a quick kiss , olivia went into the bedroom to change while jack finished making the salad .
seeing that she needed to watch her calorie intake - the doctor 's words , not hers - teri decided on vegetable beef soup , with a plain green salad .
she 'd chosen the cream of broccoli with cheese , plus a caesar salad .
i needed it for that green jell - o salad i make every christmas . ''
` ` my favorite salad , '' he informed her .
there were three different kinds of salads , deviled eggs and freshly baked bread with ham , turkey and cheese slices for sandwiches .
then he took out the container that held the chicken and placed it in the middle , followed by the bowl containing the potato salad .
` ` just the lunch salad , '' she said .
vaughn glanced at buffalo bob as he brought their salads and nodded his thanks .
they were silent as they ate their salads .
david had managed to get the generator running , cleaned up the cabin so that it was livable , carried in all the supplies and thrown together a dinner of salad and turkey sandwiches .
i ' m stunned to realize that the cheese and vegetables have been cleared away and now there 's a salad sitting in front of us .
lucas spears a fork into his salad and takes a bite .
he 's pushed his salad away , and has his arm draped over the back of the booth , expecting me to sit back down .
` ` tuna salad and fresh tomatoes , light and cool . ''
elizabeth set the table and made the salad , then called for anita .
within minutes , they 'd covered it with food -- a bowl of pasta salad , ears of corn wrapped in tinfoil , and a loaf of homemade garlic bread .
avery chose a spinach - and - bacon salad as a starter , while guy had wild mushrooms .
with a dreamy look in her eyes that told haylie the woman was well and truly in love , while they 'd picked at their salads erica had shared the story of her whirlwind romance with her husband - to - be , christian hanford .
arnoldo had ready - to - cook lasagna and a salad delivered . ''
` ` i laughed , leaning back as the waitress put my side salad in front of me .
` ` it would be kendra that got the rock star , '' miranda said in a disgusted tone before taking a bite of her salad .
i thanked the nurse as she handed me the bright red tray filled with macaroni and cheese , which appeared very edible , grilled chicken strips , a caesar salad , green beans , a large wheat roll , and a small slice of some sort of custard i already knew i would n't be trying .
he hated to take a woman to a restaurant and have them order water and a salad .
` ` the outcasts also purchased hummus , pita , pickles , a container of something called tabbouleh , cucumber salad , and fresh pomegranate juice .
she 'd ordered lobster salad .
she stopped playing with the remains of her salad and looked him square in the face .
` ` mrs . collias would n't let us leave without her chicken salad .
` ` that does n't mean they know how to fix mrs . collias 's chicken salad , '' kathryn said .
freaky strangers who steal your tampons and smell like salad dressing and take cell phone photos of you while you sleep ... '' wren sighed .
why would anybody smell like salad dressing ? ''
reagan took a big bite of pasta salad .
he stormed around the kitchen , adding dressing to a tossed salad and retrieving dishes warming in the oven .
he popped a bite of carrot from the salad into his mouth .
when she offered to help with dinner , he pointed to the refrigerator and put her in charge of the salad .
before she could answer , the waitress returned with their salads and lemonades , put the lunch on the table , and left .
at six o'clock , she tossed the salad , put the biscuits in the oven , and set the table .
nat has already organized the food and placed three wrapped parcels and three salads in front of three of the four seats .
i take the lids off all the salads and dress them .
i start moving the olives in my salad to one side and notice nik moving his cherry tomatoes to the side of his container .
nik leans over me to my salad container , takes it over to his , and dumps all the olives into his salad .
then he lifts his container and puts his cherry tomatoes into my salad .
nik puts the tomatoes from his salad on my plate and i put most of my french fries onto his .
after our facials , manicures , and pedicures tanya brings us a lunch of sandwiches and fruit salad .
there 's pancakes , palainke , fruit salad , orange juice , coffee , butter , syrup , and jelly on the table .
the cantaloupe in the fruit salad is perfectly sweet .
i remove the olives , feta cheese , and bacon out of my salad .
a salad with pears and goat cheese .
she placed the ingredients for a salad on the counter .
despite the elaborate decor and the perfect music , dinner was a simple affair by gabriel 's standards : lobster bisque ; a pear , walnut , and gorgonzola salad ; steamed mussels with frites ; and then finally and most gloriously , a blueberry tart with sour lemon ice cream .
gabriel asked aaron as he assembled the ingredients for a salad .
gabriel smiled smugly and went back to his salad .
gabriel regarded the way that julia 's countenance fell and quickly abandoned his salad ( which was laden pretentiously with both fruit and nuts ) , and hastily embraced her .
` ` their caesar salads are quite good , as are their neapolitan pizzas .
perhaps you do n't want salad and pizza . ''
` ` i 'd like to share pizza and a salad with you .
gabriel played the part of the host , serving julia her salad and pizza first and taking great care to make sure that she received more shaved parmesan and croutons than he did .
gabriel watched her over his salad but said nothing .
if she had to know what the correct fork was to use for her salad or spoon for her soup , she was so screwed .
` ` the salad .
in addition to turkey and all the fixings , there were a number of salads and vegetable dishes , plus fresh - baked rolls still warm from the oven .
` ` i 'll have a turkey sandwich on rye , no sprouts , a diet soda and a side of potato salad , '' maryanne said with a smile , handing her the menu .
` ` cabbage rolls , with soup or salad , '' barbara said , pulling out her pad and pencil while maryanne quickly scanned the menu .
the cat followed me to the kitchen and we shared dinner ; kibble for him and a salad for me , with a nice glass of chardonnay .
there 's enough for two and fixings for a salad .
with seemingly minimal effort or mess , a salad appeared in front of me , dressed with a simple balsamic honey mixture that made my mouth water .
i pushed my salad around on my plate , aimlessly trying to spear a tomato that resisted the tines of my fork .
when i declined , she came to my office , bringing the requisite salad and large iced tea .
i decided on a caesar salad with grilled shrimp .
i 'd stopped at the neighborhood diner , and not knowing what alexa would like , i 'd picked up a burger and a grilled chicken salad for her , along with my usual burger and lily 's grilled - cheese sandwich .
once we were all seated around the table , alexa chose the grilled chicken salad for dinner and lily announced she wanted salad , too .
alexa graciously shared the salad , dividing it onto two plates while i stuffed the extra food in the fridge for dinner another night .
when my mom was n't in the pool with lily and was the one to order lunch , she 'd come back with salmon salad or something equally as foreign to cade and lily 's palates .
` ` do you want me to make a salad ? ''
she preferred salad with meat courses but garrett obviously did n't waste stomach space on lighter fare like lettuce and tomatoes .
then she returned inside to prepare a small salad for herself , get more beer for garrett and sliced the brisket and arranged it artfully on a chipped platter .
in this family business , the pharmacist 's wife ran the front register , his children the lunch counter , where people could buy tuna salad and a cherry soda , or hot - fudge sundaes and chocolate malts , made with real malt .
as she put her coleslaw down on a table already groaning under the weight of salads , casseroles , desserts , and condiments , owen ` ` smitty '' smith offered her a glass of lemonade .
` ` a salad , maybe ?
the salad was delicious , but i could barely taste it .
gen glanced at me briefly , then went back to her salad .
we ended up at a hole in the wall deli a few blocks away , sitting in front of some ` ` world famous chicken salad sandwiches '' so we would n't get odd looks for sitting down without ordering anything .
damn , the chicken salad was pretty good .
they descended upon ruby and elbert 's house like reverse locusts bearing casseroles , fried chicken , coleslaw , potato salad , banana pudding , and two chocolate cakes .
sarah stared down at what passed for a green salad at the kountry kitchen cafe - iceberg lettuce , a few cherry tomatoes , and buttermilk ranch dressing .
the waiter came along , and they ordered : roast beef for him and a small house salad for her .
the waiter returned and placed a huge portion of roast beef in front of his lordship and an itty - bitty salad in front of caroline .
for all that , caroline , who was constantly watching her weight , would have preferred a restaurant closer to orangeburg where she and rachel could get a decent salad .
the churchwomen of last chance wore flowered dresses , drank tea , and brought chicken salad sandwiches to their meeting .
` ` i 'll have one of your garden salads and an iced tea . ''
ricki came back with two iced teas and caroline 's salad .
she 'd ordered a salad .
ruby took a big breath and continued , ` ` annie 's bringing a salad , and rachel is bringing cookies .
she popped the lasagna into the oven and started pulling together a salad .
a week later , lil was eating a salad at a small table in a cafe of a downtown office building .
harry asked von namtzen over the salad .
after an awkward pause , they resumed eating their salads , grey gesturing to the steward to remove von namtzen 's plate .
while taryn set about consuming the remainder of her salad , cole warred with himself .
around thatched food containers sat cracked coconuts filled with salads , tomato flowerets and frangipani leis .
i sure as heck would n't order a salad on my birthday .
golden waffles dusted with powdered sugar and topped with a with mixed - berry compote , fluffy omelets with goat cheese and mushrooms drizzled with truffle oil , thick cuts of ham and a green salad on the side .
` ` fettuccini alfredo with shrimp , garlic bread , and a salad . ''
i 'll just have the salad . ''
` ` i ' m tired of females who order a salad , then look as if they deserve a medal .
she bolted out of her chair and grabbed the ingredients for salad .
seems you like skinny women and accept them eating a salad . ''
` ` well , i ' m going to eat this salad and i do n't want to hear any more comments about women . ''
the full salad bowl remained on the table between them , untouched .
` ` well , the salad looks awfully good .
` ` oh , nick , do n't forget- '' ` ` the salad . ''
the salad . ''
she took out ingredients for the salad she would n't eat and cut up vegetables for a stir - fry .
she hoped he had made dinner , then realized she could n't have anything but a salad because she cheated on her diet at lunch with a delicious , greasy cheeseburger deluxe and large fries .
` ` i just want a salad . ''
he set the table , dispersed his food and her salad , and began to eat .
she left her salad in front of her and stared hungrily at the bowl of spaghetti .
she pretended to be engaged with the leftover leaves from her salad to take the pressure off .
and the salad of course . ''
mama placed heaping bowls of man - icotti and fresh salad in front of them and beamed .
carina slid onto the breakfast stool and worked on the salad .
she lifted the salad off the counter and carried it to the dining room .
max asked as he spooned a few bits of salad onto his date 's plate , then was told to stop .
then definitely a salad for dinner .
` ` i hope you like sandwiches and cold salads .
she put some potato salad and coleslaw along with his sandwich on his plate and handed it to him , conscious of the fact that he was sitting closer than he had before .
i bought one of those prepackaged salads , and there 's not anything else on the menu . ''
theresa stood off to one side as garrett put the last of the potatoes in the oven and got the salad out of the refrigerator .
from the corner of his eye , he glanced at her as he emptied the salad into a bowl .
the salad came next , and she set it in the middle of the table , along with a couple of different dressings she had found in the refrigerator door .
as on their first date together , they had sandwiches and salads , but this time they were treated to a family of porpoises that frolicked around the boat as they ate .
` ` what 's wrong with wanting a salad ? ''
she 'd eaten lunch hours before , but with her limited funds she could n't afford a fancy restaurant meal and had opted , instead , for a fast - food chicken salad .
` ` and enough vegetables to open our own fifty - item salad bar . ''
` ` you get the salad together and i 'll manage the steaks . ''
lindy resisted the urge to swat his backside as he returned to the lanai , and turned her attention to the variety of fresh vegetables for the salad .
the table was arranged with a variety of salads , buffet style .
` ` what do you say we start off dinner with a caesar salad ? ''
the table was loaded with sliced turkey , creamy potatoes , giblet gravy , stuffing , fresh broccoli , sweet potatoes and fruit salad .
her hair needed washing and hung in limp blond strands , and her maternity top was spotted with dressing from the salad she 'd eaten at lunch .
erin was in the kitchen with ginger romano , slicing pineapple into a large stainless - steel bowl for a fresh fruit salad they were making for the evening meal .
the salad , crammed full of sliced fresh vegetables was a small work of art .
` ` i made all our favorites - macaroni and cheese , tater tots and salad .
uncle adam , there 's no tomatoes in your salad and , aunt shana , no croutons on yours . ''
alison was carrying a large green salad and nearly dropped the bowl when she saw the velvet cases .
her daughter came out of the kitchen clutching three bottles of salad dressing .
you 're an entire fruit salad . ''
` ` leftover veggies from the salads i make all the time .
tough to louse up a salad .
but she usually put beets and purple cabbage on the salad , to give it visual zip .
they ate yankee pot roast , homemade rosemary bread shaped like a pair of br**sts , and a salad better than anything eve had ever made for herself , and she knew her salads .
they ate yankee pot roast , homemade rosemary bread shaped like a pair of br**sts , and a salad better than anything eve had ever made for herself , and she knew her salads .
the cart held two plates covered with metal domes , two salads , two dishes of chocolate mousse with whipped cream and shaved chocolate on top , two wine glasses , a bottle of red wine , two candles in candleholders , and a rose in a bud vase .
loaf and leaves was a trendy little place with small oak tables and chairs , lots of hanging plants , and a menu of salads , soups , and sandwiches served cafeteria - style .
but when she returned to the table with a turkey sandwich and a caesar salad , she could see that rational discussion of the prime rate might not be possible .
` ` enjoy your salad and sandwich .
` ` i 'll take the first round if you prep the salads and make the sweet tea . ''
i took down their orders and poured them both a cup of coffee before heading back to check on the salads .
` ` thanks gorgeous , '' i replied taking the salads into the dining room .
i delivered the salads and took the drink order of new guests .
` ` so , '' she said , lifting a silver lid and serving up the salad nicoise , ` ` what are you doing with yourself these days ? ''
she turned the sauce down to simmer and made a salad .
the salad is in the fridge . ''
` ` are you interested in salad , too ? ''
` ` there are tomatoes and cucumbers for the salad in the refrigerator . ''
as she spoke , paul threw the salad together , topping it with the croutons she 'd bought earlier , asking questions every so often , just enough to let her know he was interested in what she was saying .
a steaming pizza , two salads , a tray of cold cuts and cartons of chinese takeout .
she got caught up on the latest gossip just as the steaks were finished , and beth went to get the roasted potatoes and the salad from the refrigerator .
there were community gardens , and if you were a seasonal camper , you could get your own little eight - by - eight plot of land that would be good for growing your salads , your beans , and your tomatoes .
` ` a grilled chicken salad , please . ''
the young girl looked at her , tilted her head , smiled , and said , ` ` the women all get the grilled chicken salad . ''
` ` as for the icelanders , most of them , the women , get the grilled chicken salad , too . ''
she ordered an orangina to go with her salad , and it was all ready in minutes .
as she munched her way through the salad , her body allowed her to finally feel how tired she was and how overwhelming this really was going to be .
a picnic with chicken and milkshakes and jell - o salad ?
she wanted to say , we could have milkshakes and jell - o salad , but she did n't .
first , dinner on the porch ( lasagna and green salads from vittorio 's ) , then they quickly washed the dishes together .
the salad came out of the refrigerator and onto the table , as she pulled the toasty garlic bread from the broiler and the juicy fillets from the oven .
the salad was crisp , the meat savory .
` ` you 'll eat a few more bites of your meat and salad . ''
colby reached for a serving tray and slid it along the counter , collecting a green dinner salad , a cellophane - wrapped turkey sandwich and coffee .
norah took another forkful of salad .
she slowly chewed another bite of her salad .
their father was n't expecting poached salmon and dill sauce with salad and rice , but he 'd adjust to healthier eating habits soon enough .
then the salad and cheese .
his appetite was coming back ; he 'd finished his helping of fried mush , though he pushed aside the salad of dandelion greens and pokeweed .
add a bagged salad , a bottle of wine , and voila !
grabbing the salad and a can of soda i headed for the living room .
i stared down at the salad in my lap trying to work through my head the fact that leif had been in my house .
` ` cause he wanted to talk to you , i guess , '' gee replied before shoving another forkful of salad into her mouth .
the salad had raspberries , pecans , and goat cheese in it .
` ` i'l have the greek salad , '' i said .
my attention was diverted to the waitress walking up behind him , bringing our sweet potato fries and salads .
we joked and laughed as we eliminated the remaining fries , and politely discussed the weather through our salads .
i pick at my salad and keep hydrating with natural fruit juice , merely because my temples have been throbbing all day .
after some whoppingly large salads and panini , i take her to the presidential suite with two rooms that remington booked for him and me .
inside the hot drawer are two warm plates of parmesan crusted chicken and a spinach and beet salad with a side of red potatoes .
` ` they have salads and pasta too . ''
and i could whip up a salad . ''
he had n't taken her suggestion of a salad , but that was okay , this was plenty as it was .
` ` mom , '' peter said thoughtfully as she brought a fresh green salad to the table .
peter took a bite of his own salad .
when the waitress came to take their order , it took bambi five minutes to explain how she wanted her salad served .
she shook it over her salad with a vengeance , then slammed it down on the table .
he motioned toward her salad .
carol was busy slicing tomatoes for the salad , and her sister - in - law , paula , was spreading garlic butter on thick slices of french bread .
adding serving utensils to the salad , carol set the wooden bowl on the dining room table .
right down to the salad dressing .
nothing fancy , maybe just a salad .
still feeling stuffed from her late breakfast , she ordered a garden salad and earned an approving nod from her mother that made her not want , but need to tear the woman 's hair out and then order the most fat - laden item on the menu .
while she may eat a salad with gabe , she had no reservations with jace and ash and she ordered nachos fully loaded .
drake opened the fridge and found a giant bowl of salad and a casserole dish with a note taped to the top that gave heating instructions for the lasagna .
he set the salad on the counter and slid the lasagna in the oven , following the carefully written instructions .
helen washed her hands and dished up some of the salad for both of them .
` ` a salad with grilled chicken or fish .
as she heard the shower come on , layla grabbed her salad and crawled between the cool sheets .
layla asked , watching as rachel pulled the vegetables for a salad out of the fridge .
after debating her options , she 'd put a pot roast in the oven and a salad in the crisper .
she smiled when she saw the white roses in a vase on the dining table and when she went to pull out the salad , she found one of victoria 's famous cheesecakes in the fridge .
she was tossing the salad when she heard jake pad into the kitchen behind her .
he washed his hands at the sink and set to work , not surprising her in the least by having all the necessary components of a dinner setting - cloth napkins , salad and dinner plates , silverware , and placemats .
i have some chicken salad in the fridge , corn on the cob and black - eyed peas , and biscuits on the stove , keeping them warm .
friends and neighbors arrived bearing casseroles , breads and salads , which soon covered the dining - room table .
in addition to lasagna , she served a garlicky caesar salad , another of his favorites , and crusty french bread .
tomorrow , she 'd definitely go jogging , then have a salad for lunch and another one for dinner .
by the time they reached the food , the kids were seated on the blanket with hot dogs , potato salad , and some diced fruit .
they reached for some plates as they eyed the appetizing variety of side dishes spread out on the table - beans , casseroles , potato , cucumber , and fruit salads - all of which smelled delicious .
inside , gabby made her way to the produce section , where she collected some fresh green beans and the makings for a salad .
while it was heating , she chopped the tomatoes and cucumbers for the salad .
they were having salads at the deli , formerly a home in the historic district .
emma took a sip of her tea , then started on her salad again .
as usual , they settled into a lighthearted conversation while the evening breeze kicked in ; mike fired up the grill an hour later and cooked the steaks while julie went inside to throw a salad together .
but only in salads . ''
the four of them were eating their meal - steaks , green salad , cheddar cheese potatoes , and garlic bread .
denise put the salad in the refrigerator .
along with the venison , he 'd brought some potato salad and baked beans from the supermarket .
you seemed preoccupied a couple of minutes ago , '' jane commented as she forked some salad into her bowl .
our salads were tossed and the dressing made .
` ` do n't eat the vegetables or salads , no matter how nice the hotel is . ''
dinner was a buffet , and despite the warnings about eating salads and vegetables , we saw many people eating them anyway .
beside her , he saw a medium - size salad bowl ; in it were small chunks of tomatoes and olives .
` ` i ' m almost done with the salad , but would you mind taking the skin off those ? ''
in one hand were two plates with chicken , potato salad , and chips ; in the other were two cans of diet pepsi .
on my way home , i picked up steaks for dinner , along with a bag of salad , some dressing , and a couple of potatoes .
inside , i added some salt , pepper , and garlic powder to the steaks , wrapped the potatoes in foil and put them in the oven , then poured the salad in a bowl .
then she topped off the salad with olives and set it on the table .
hethrew the steaks and the hamburger patty on the grill while katie went to the cooler and started bringing theendless array of items to the table : tupperware containers of potato salad , coleslaw , pickles , a green bean salad , sliced fruit , two bags of chips , slices of cheese , and assorted condiments .
hethrew the steaks and the hamburger patty on the grill while katie went to the cooler and started bringing theendless array of items to the table : tupperware containers of potato salad , coleslaw , pickles , a green bean salad , sliced fruit , two bags of chips , slices of cheese , and assorted condiments .
most of the time , they had to eat in , but he liked restaurant - type meals , with a main course and twoside dishes and sometimes a salad .
she left a cucumber on the counter , along with iceberg lettuce and a tomato for a salad .
kevin liked his salads finely diced , with blue cheese crumbles and croutons and italian dressing .
and a salad , '' he said .
she brushed four pieces of sourdough bread with butter , garlic , andoregano and diced everything she needed for the salad .
egg - salad sandwich on wheat with a small garden salad , ranch dressing on the side .
` ` you know , i ' m thinking i 'll order the curried chicken - salad sandwich instead of my usual egg salad .
sophie reached for the pepper shaker and doused her oriental chicken salad .
instead of the big traditional dinner , complete with turkey and stuffing plus all the fixings , her mother served a multitude of longtime family favorites : several salads , casseroles , fried chicken , deviled eggs , and a ham , plus a wide variety of desserts .
carrie sliced the cooked potatoes for the potato salad , her father 's favorite , when her mother unexpectedly came to her and hugged her .
later , after all the salads had been made and the dishes washed and put away , carrie retreated to her childhood bedroom .
thankfully , carrie had set down the last of the salads from the kitchen ; otherwise , there would be lettuce and heaven knew what else tossed all across the carpet .
i picked at my salad , pushing the cucumbers out of the way .
the waitress whisked away my half - eaten salad and replaced it with a plate of small sandwiches .
i looked at alex while the staff placed salads on the table .
i gave him a pointed look before taking a bite of my salad .
the food was brought in a moment later : grilled trout bathed in a creamy lemon and dill sauce , small potatoes , and a tomato and onion salad .
he motioned for the waiter and ordered two steaks , medium , two salads and a side order of onion rings .
` ` i 'll be amazed if you do n't order a girly salad .
what is it with women always ordering salads , anyway ? ''
` ` well , i 'll order a salad if it has steak in it . ''
i can make you a salad . ''
i need to make the salad and bread , '' faith said , breaking the silence .
i ' m going to start on the salad and pop the bread into the oven . ''
` ` turkey or chicken salad ? ''
then changing her mind , she said , ` ` chicken salad . ''
amanda put the lasagna into the oven to bake and was tossing a salad just as annette returned home .
the arrival of their salads kept him from replying .
feverfew leaves are good in salads . ''
` ` i ' ve got stuff here for a salad . ''
` ` cassie , why do n't you go in and help laurel with the salad ?
` ` do you ever use - uh , feverfew - in salads ? ''
the cool gray eyes were n't unfriendly , though , as melanie looked at her while they ate the salad .
and that you do n't use feverfew just in salads . ''
without looking up , she stabbed a fork into the corn bread pudding , mixing it with a roasted - corn salad .
at lunchtime , will ran out to pick up some burgers and a salad for ronnie ; they took a short break while they ate but were soon back at their task .
kelly showered , changed into a pair of shorts and top , and then went into the kitchen to prepare her dinner , a small salad , which she devoured hungrily .
` ` i had a salad . ''
reaching for a bottle of vinaigrette dressing she shook it over the salad .
blushing , kelly speared a portion of her salad .
after chewing and swallowing a portion of her salad , she said , ` ` uneventful as in boring ? ''
i 'll make a salad , too . ''
` ` i ' m going to cut up some tomatoes for the salad , '' she announced .
if you 're looking for something more substantial , there 're sandwich makings or cold pasta salad . ''
with the back door and windows open to the spring air , she made iced tea , fixed a small bowl of salad .
` ` i ordered up a big salad and a couple of pizzas from gino 's , figuring we 'd want to stick with the simple and the staple tonight . ''
let 's go eat potato salad . ''
and just look at them , she thought as she and the other women set bowls of deli potato salad , coleslaw , pickles , and condiments on the picnic table .
carly forked a bite of salad into her mouth and glanced at della .
she pushed her salad around on her dish and focused her attention on rhett , but for once her nephew had decided to feed himself relatively neatly and without any assistance from her .
i ' m making a taco salad and if you have fresh tomatoes bring one .
while cassie got out the bag of tortilla chips and assembled the rest of the salad , angie set the table and shawn filled their water glasses .
` ` i ' m dying to hear how everything went this afternoon , '' angie said , her fork poised over the salad .
` ` simon was pretty rude , '' cassie said between bites of her salad .
she had her menu set for this all - important dinner : roast turkey with a traditional stuffing , mashed potatoes and gravy , fresh green beans with butter and sliced almonds , two different salads and three kinds of pie , apple , pumpkin and pecan .
she started on the salads next .
when she followed with the salads , she saw that he 'd taken a forkful to mrs . mullinex .
smiling , jake gets his phone out and orders my salad and a grilled cheese for himself from the local deli .
` ` a salad . ''
` ` a salad with grilled chicken and vinaigrette on the side .
a lasagna dinner , including bread and salad , was $ 6.95 .
` ` conlan , '' she said just as carlos reappeared by the table , holding a plate of caprese salad .
rich chuckled and , motioning for the waitress , ordered a chef 's salad .
she took out a package of ground turkey for taco salad .
charlotte asked for the specialty salad , which consisted of beans , rice , cheese , shredded chicken , lettuce and slices of tomato and jalapeno peppers .
jason sampled her salad and fed her a bite of his enchiladas ; both were delicious .
a fruit - and - cheese plate , sandwiches , potato salad , a batch of chocolate chip cookies and a variety of other goodies she 'd thrown in at the last minute .
i ' ve been eating salads and fish and broiled chicken .
she 'd found a recipe for a chicken casserole on the internet and served it with homemade dinner rolls and fresh asparagus , with a fresh fruit salad made of seedless grapes and strawberries .
something else he did n't have was the makings for a green salad .
` ` i already have the new cook , mr . branders , fixing us some chicken salad , '' harlow replied .
anyone else want to run off before we have our salad ? ''
i grabbed the butter and a green salad from the fridge and joined him on a stool .
well , i cooked salmon and prepared greens for a salad , while ashlyn fidgeted nervously near the counter .
she served salads and cooked vegetables with delicious sauces ladled over them .
cranberry salad .
patrons lined up next to a glass counter that displayed sliced meats , cheeses and tempting salads .
a small salad sat in another bowl .
trying not to roll her eyes , kimber ordered egg salad on wheat and a side of fruit .
she could have had someone at the club fix her a salad or could have found a few minutes to close her eyes , if she 'd really wanted .
minutes later , she woke when he set chicken pasta and a salad brimming with vegetables in front of her .
fantasy key - monday afternoon tara 's waiter delivered her plate of tropical fruit salad and iced tea .
gia ordered a taco salad , then sipped at her iced tea .
gia stared at her salad .
samantha 's head shot in his direction right as the waiter brought their salads .
luna grabbed a plate , plopped a sandwich on it , and ignored the potato salad .
colin took a mouthful of potato salad .
there 's a salad in the fridge , and dessert 's in the freezer . ''
while rachel went out to her truck to grab the duffel bag , he went back into the kitchen for the bowl of salad he 'd tossed earlier .
mom : i should fix the salad .
me : why should you fix the salad ?
mom : does n't tiny like salad ?
but i mean , why do you have to fix the salad ?
did you break the salad , mom ?
although if she keeps talking about salad , i might have to lock her in her bedroom before he comes over .
the words might have been tossed in a bowl of crazy salad , but it was still good advice .
then she dished up two plates , grabbed the salad , and returned to the table , carrying a bottle of wine with her .
chicken kiev with au gratin potatoes and a green salad .
turning away , he opened the fridge and pulled out the produce he 'd chosen to make a salad with .
spaghetti , salad and breadsticks were about as much as he could do with confidence in a tasty outcome .
in between bites of chicken , salad , bread , and fruit , they caressed her , whispered to her , aroused the hell out of her .
` ` no salad and fish ? ''
why did you ask about salad and fish ? ''
i can go to any restaurant that consolidated evalu - shop has a contract for , munch on half a cockroach in a cobb salad , write up an evaluation , and get the health department to condemn it in forty - eight hours flat .
) , and fourteen fast food restaurants testing out a new caesar salad .
i ate a small salad for dinner that night .
i just need a steak and a salad and some equanimity .
dating women who ordered salads or soup irritated him .
kent mixed together the remains of the salad to go with some chicken .
she spooned the salad onto plates , her hands shaking and the chicken plopping on the china with more than a little extra force .
jayne jabbed at the bits of apple in her salad .
when she returned to pendleton 's side , she was carrying another drink identical to the first , and was still wearing the same expression on her face - one that resembled a cat 's , when it has one paw on a mouse 's tail and the other on a catnip salad .
and let me fix a salad .
adam grinned as lucas muttered the observation , then passed him the balsamic vinegar for the green salad he was putting together in adam 's kitchen .
he was just firing up the gas grill , and lucas had just tossed the last of the croutons into the salad , when feminine laughter erupted in the other room .
she also carried out the salad he 'd left on the kitchen counter .
the salad was in the refrigerator , the ingredients for the creamed spinach ready to be combined on the stove top , and the pheasant and tomatoes prepared and ready to slide into the oven as soon as connor got back .
quentin had good - naturedly teased her about the pretentiousness of the mesclun in her salad , and she 'd retaliated by poking fun at the age of the chardonnay that he 'd picked out .
` ` anyway , '' scarlet persisted , the salad in front of her forgotten , ` ` this is n't about me and this is n't just about sleeping with a guy .
summer shrugged resignedly , pushing her salad aside .
` ` for our first night together , i thought a salmon - topped salad , lots of wine , and ice cream for dessert . ''
` ` i ' ve never claimed to be a culinary master , '' he said , unwrapping the already prepared items and putting the salad together .
further anticipation filled her as she picked her fork back up and nibbled on her salad .
we 're in public , '' she reminded him as she looked at the food - an out - of - the - ordinary chicken salad , artisan rolls , exotic fruit , and small appetizers .
as ari cautiously sat , she picked up her fork and began twisting it in her fingers as she eyed her salad .
she glanced at him , then looked away , muttering a quiet thank you as her salad was placed before her .
` ` i 'll bring out your salads and drinks , '' alyssa said instead , and then left .
no picking at her food or a salad for this woman .