too bad for them i know how to follow the money trail , all i need is the scent .
sweat and the scent of beer greets us as we walk inside .
she 'd know his scent anywhere .
one was pure white and the other pure black , both of them just standing in the middle of the large stall , sniffing the air in order to determine if the new scent was friend or foe .
as an adult , the only scents she smelled in the morning was coffee , suffocating car exhaust and , depending on the day , the irritating scent of the photocopier ink when someone was running a large print job .
` ` i think i got this , '' she whispered , shaking her head to get the clean scent of jack out of her mind .
she jumped into the shower , scrubbing herself with soap in an effort to get the scent of rocco off her body .
thor turned his head slightly to get more of her hand , sniffing her scent .
she breathed in the warm , straw scent of the beast , and something unhitched in her heart , a little give like a crack in a dam .
thunder settled even more and she stood still to let him catch her scent .
there was sawdust and pipe smoke and several other scents she could n't identify .
ducking into the back of the limousine , she slid as far away from him as possible , not wanting to catch that spicy , male scent of his , or even risk a possible touch by his arm .
that worked , taking her out of the spell his scent had put her under .
her mind refused to maintain the fury and it was quickly being replaced by his scent , his masculinity , his heat .
his scent , his touch , and the dimples in his cheeks - they were all too much to handle .
ignoring jett 's scent on the pillows , i leaned back and began to flick through my messages .
no scent to place , no sign of anyone , nothing to indicate someone was here .
he was so close i could smell his manly scent that screamed of power , tenacity and sexiness - of the intoxicating kind - and i realized it must be his scent that made it so hard to think clearly .
whoever had invented that particular scent was a genius .
she had a great nose for scents .
i almost did n't want to lose that scent , but the rest of me did not smell so nice .
she found herself stroking between her thighs where her flesh was still tender and stopped abruptly , then stood under the spray and allowed the water to wash away the scent of him , if not the memory .
she 'd grown accustomed to his presence , the scent of him in her nostrils , and she could n't settle .
zach was actually very good with the dogs once it was a done deal , allowing them to sniff him and get to know his scent .
he tasted salty and clean and her nostrils filled with the wild , musky scent of aroused male .
she ran the shower , letting the water wash away the scent of sex and zach .
her scent , no matter how lovely , had nothing to do with this conversation .
she decided to toss him something , just to get him off the scent .
the scent only infuriated him now , tossing pictures of her in his brother 's arms into his mind , an image that still disturbed him even now , no matter how hard he 'd tried to shut down his feelings for her .
thankfully , the scent was almost pleasant if it were n't for the fact that the particles were carcinogens that would eventually kill the older man .
she 'd been smelling dust all day long , and even last night so her hands were sore from being dry and her nostrils were filled with the scent of dirt and dust .
she shook her head and pushed away , forcing her feet to carry her away from his enticing scent .
she leaned back , as far back as she could so she 'd have a bit of space from his enticing scent .
she asked desperately , trying to focus but with him being this close , the heat and spicy , male scent of him made her brain fizzle out .
in the darkness , she knew it was mitch just by his spicy scent .
the scent , the voice ... he knew he 'd heard her .
he could n't place it , but it there was something so familiar about that scent .
the scent !
as soon as she walked in , she was assailed by the smell of freshly ground coffee beans and something else that leaned toward the sweet side but she could n't quite place the scent .
sidra took a deep breath , grateful that there was n't the scent of coffee to invade her nostrils .
he could n't really put a definition to the scent but it turned him on , making his body react .
well , he was sweaty , but the scent was n't bad .
` ` good morning , '' zarah greeted the new client , holding her breath as the woman came closer because the scent was so strong and cloying .
hell , carlo wanted to jump up and help her if only to get himself closer so he could capture her scent again .
her scent beckoned to him , a siren 's call that domenico 's body strained to answer .
his c**k throbbed at the scent of her desire , even though she was doing her best to hide it .
it could be true , considering how she had moretti 's scent all over her .
just a sniff of a woman 's scent , a touch of her skin - just one of that was more than enough to know whether sexual chemistry would be present or not .
how dare she come to his home smelling of another man 's scent ?
the scent of the younger man 's arousal tainted the air like garbage , and he watched with fierce burning eyes as misty walked lysander allard out of the door .
relying on his heightened senses , which faeries were not blessed with , he used lysander 's scent to detect his location and made a sudden jab , catching lysander by surprise once more with another fresh wound .
in another blink , he had her on the bed , and the scent of arousal immediately sweetened the air .
his scent filled her .
he needed it badly because if he could n't even have her scent , their memories to tide him over , staffan knew he would slowly go insane .
i needed the time to make sure that i did n't break down , which i was tempted to do at the sight - the familiar scent - of him .
closing her eyes , she breathed in the familiar heartbreaking scent of him , then opened her eyes .
he could identify her by scent alone .
` ` is there a certain scent that speaks to you ? ''
it was n't her usual scent , but he liked it .
the scent of it made me ...
his scent enveloped her .
he kept coming and was close enough now that she had to hold her breath to keep from inhaling the scent of him .
the scent of her , the warmth of her .
she moved even closer and he caught her scent on the still , cool air .
the scent that had haunted him all night long .
music from a local country band had the dance floor crowded and the scent of barbecue tempted everyone there .
the scent of her was already inside him , the tiny room making him even more aware of it than he would have been ordinarily .
his scent too rich and too tempting .
how she looked , the scent of her , the sound of her laughter and even the soft whisper of her sighs .
the scent of butane preceded wood - smoked cherry .
the scent of sex surrounded them .
when she pushed through the back door to the underground garage , she recoiled at the scent of garbage .
` ` nothing like the scent of clorox to get a girl all hot and bothered . ''
the scent of freshly mowed lawn filled her nose .
then the cloying scent of fresh blood reached his nostrils .
he hissed , following the scent .
there was another scent present in the room .
the scent of a woman .
but liam could smell her fresh soap and the very scent of her .
he could partially shift and track her by her scent .
as a dragon , he could track someone 's whereabouts solely by scent if he was in his beastly form .
and he remembered eva 's scent .
a thousand aromas and stenches surged into his nostrils - the scent of the city and its people .
seconds later , he locked on her scent .
` ` i tracked down your scent . ''
his expressive face was animated with energy , like a hound that caught scent of a rabbit .
the scent of her cheap perfume lingered long after she 'd gone and snuffed out the more pleasing aroma of the fresh grilled panini julian had dined on for lunch .
but not the scent of her .
' i 'd say that 's where your girlfriend 's scent was the strongest .
shocked , i am filled with the scent that rupert called old money and establishment .
when a dog finds another dog 's scent on his master , he does not panic , feel threatened or hurl abuse , but merely finds it interesting .
another man 's scent on me has brought out dormant territorial and protective instincts in the cool banker .
as if i have not seen him tackle me to the ground and smell my sex for the scent of another man .
i catch the scent of the beer , the meat , and the mash he has consumed .
i know if i ignore the hunger pangs they will go away in a while , but not with the scent of food so close by .
there 's her scent .
the sharp , clear air carried the scent of horses and the far - off sea .
and would n't you know it , the wind shifted directions , just so it could tease her by drifting the scent of him toward her .
her scent filled him .
the scent of her in the house .
the scent of him .
to the scent of him filling her .
her scent reached for him .
her scent alone should have alerted him .
the wind kicked up , carrying the scent of the sea , and a trickle of worry sprang up out of nowhere inside him .
her scent invaded him .
his scent .
the one room in the whole place that had n't been colored by her scent .
the scent of burned coffee hung in the air , a nasty layer over the medicinal stench of antiseptic .
she could n't draw a breath without taking in the scent of him .
there was a knock at the door and jefferson 's head snapped up like a wolf picking up the scent of its prey .
the color , the scent , the height and width .
what she got was a whiff of his scent as he quietly opened the front door .
his scent swirled around her , something spicy and all too male .
walking into the house , lucas could smell fresh coffee brewing , and he followed the scent straight back to the kitchen .
her scent , her laughter and , god help him , since that last night he 'd been with her , even her passion was etched indelibly onto this room .
the scent of the sea and the cool air did n't do a damn thing to settle his mind .
then her scent came to him again on a soft wind and he knew he was lost .
he caught her scent in his car , on his clothes .
just the scent of her was enough to drive him insane .
her scent surrounded him .
* nothing said summer more than the scent of hamburgers on a grill .
he caught the scent of hot dogs on a grill and remembered barbecues in the backyard .
the hotel staff was in love with her and he could n't even walk into his own damned home without catching her scent .
if she had one whiff of his scent , it might just finish her off .
into a place so filled with the scent of fear and misery , so thick with memories that colt felt them surrounding him , burying him .
her scent filled his mind .
the scent of her .
later that evening , i overheard you telling one of them who was nearly killing himself with rapture over the scent of your gloves , that if the smell of soap affected him so , he was either deranged or very dirty . ''
the animal caught her scent and raised its head , its feral gaze locking with hers , and victoria 's blood froze .
` ` yes , black - you know , like tree trunks when they 're wet , and freshly tilled fields that smell like- '' she inhaled , trying to recall the exact scent .
her stomach rolled at the scent and memories of their relationship sprang from their hiding places .
` ` keep it , that way you can have my scent near you , and hopefully it will make the decision about us easier for you . ''
if not , i wondered if my pregnant hormones could handle the scent of trash juice .
i could smell marcus ' scent .
she has her own feminine fragrance - despite the scent of my body wash - and it drives me crazy .
i hope she gets her arse down here before these lose her scent or i 'll be going back for more .
his scent , his vibe led her to the roof .
his scent , taste and texture made her shudder with need for all of him .
fareed 's question distracted her from drooling at the distressing scent .
the scent of her arousal sent blood crashing in his head , thundering in his loins .
the next thing she noticed was that scent .
his scent , taste and texture made her whimper with need for all of him .
he disentangled her legs from around his hips , gritted his teeth against the combined force of their frustration , took himself out of range of her scent and hunger .
` ` i hated the first 's scent and taste .
shehab walked there , his heart 's pounding escalating as he caught her scent on the wind .
the sight of him , his scent , the feel of him , the very idea of him was seeping through the layers of numbness .
vincent asked as he caressed my thigh , his voice silk and his scent delicious .
` ` he sniffed out this scent that the dog was n't trained to detect .
i caught a whiff of his just - been - fighting scent and my brain fried for a moment .
` ` you just got out of the shower so she 's probably just trying to mark you with her scent . ''
hunter took a few long strides and was suddenly in front of me , enveloping me in his scent .
i 'd suggested it earlier just to get the band off the scent of what was between jax and me , but now it really did sound like a good idea .
before i could even reach the knob , the door opened inward , revealing jax , in the flesh , suddenly so close i could catch a hint of his scent .
when he was near enough for her to catch his scent , her knees wobbled .
he walked past me toward the bedroom door and i caught the scent of his aftershave .
and this scent was n't enough .
she 's so f**king sexy with her sounds and her scent that i ' m about to come in my pants .
i prefer to be in my own bed without the lingering scent of sex and female .
his arm banded her closer , and she found herself inhaling the clean , washed smell of him , and the much more disturbing scent of very angry male .
his scent on her body , his kisses on her lips .
i followed the scent of cigar smoke until i located cam 's man cave , and i peeked in the doorway , but adam was n't there .
the woman glared down her nose at lexi , her attitude almost as offensive as her scent .
there was more space , more air that was not full of his scent or his heat .
i immediately took a long hot shower when i got home , wanting to wash the scent of jackson off me .
he made me get lost in him , in his scent , and his charm .
his scent was driving me crazy .
i would get wet just by his scent .
` ` what scent is this ? ''
goddamn it , his scent was amazing .
the scent of his cologne was making me horny .
his scent invaded her with a maleness and a potency that were only his , an aphrodisiac even from the distance he bade her to eliminate .
` ` you threw me off the scent so well , and i believed that not even that roman god could fool you !
a murderous julia railed against him with the rage of a lioness on the scent of blood .
` ` so you were trying to force yourself to eat when you were n't hungry , things which from the scent and look of them , were n't appetizing at all .
he inhaled her , rumbled like a lion maddened at the scent of his female in heat , then blew a gust of acute sensation over her quivering flesh .
his scent , his eyes on her .
` ` i ' ve been going insane for four years imagining the scent and taste of you .
` ` i can sniff out the faintest scent of negotiating a mile away .
his scent had already permeated the place .
he inhaled her , rumbled like a lion maddened by the scent of his female , blew a gust of acute sensation over her quivering flesh .
then she was passing him , holding her breath so that his scent would n't twist the dagger of longing inside her chest .
he could n't take one without it mixing with the scent and heat of her body and her worry .
there was nothing like the scent of jase .
he could smell the strong scent coming from donny 's underarms , mingling with the spicy deodorant donny had used that day .
his scent was n't obnoxious at all .
he knew if ava was there , her scent would still linger in the air as it did whenever she was near .
his scent was male .
you re just trying to escape your own punishment by throwing me off the scent she began to pace .
in the close confines of the car , i got another hit of his mind - numbing scent .
over the familiar scents of rich soil , fragrant crops , and cold night , i detected his scent : aggression and raw masculinity .
i was still considering a retreat - until i caught his masculine scent .
the scent of the fire filled my nose .
it was pleasant and yet dank - the scent of centuries gone by .
as i got his scent off me , i began to think more clearly .
so deep in my heart- i gasped when i smelled his dry scent .
his scent was n't the dry one i remembered , but something like sawdust , leather , and wet earth .
i licked down to the base , his skin paper thin against my tongue , and what i was looking for , the scent of another woman , was nowhere on him .
-go away- a blast of cold air hit me as the covers were moved , and in the next breath , i caught his new scent .
his scent alerted me to his presence .
the scent of him , the taste , every cell of his had to be gone .
i heard him on the creaky wood stairs , then his feet padding down the hall , then i smelled his sawdust scent .
mikhail leans even closer to me , so that i can smell the strange , animal scent of his skin .
she was mesmerized by his taste -- his pre - come was salty and sweet all at the same -- and his scent .
for years he 'd been haunted by her scent , by the way she licked the corner of her lips when she was concentrating , by the smooth skin on her throat as she swallowed a sip of coffee .
dianna 's scent used to be fresh soap .
in the small kitchen , she caught the heady scent of him , the clean smell of a man hard at work making things safe .
it was only seven , so jeremy was probably still passed out in the guest room - or so she thought , until she rounded the corner and practically collided with the scent of fried eggs and bacon .
the scent of her pleasure .
the scent of both of them , together .
all she could think was that she still had the scent of another man on her .
` ` and since your car is in the driveway , i do n't imagine going out the window will throw anyone off the scent . ''
i associate those scents with speed .
his heat , his scent , his pounding heart became her universe .
her nose flared at a scent she had n't noticed before , not pizza , not beer , but something hot and musky and masculine .
air rushed inward , carrying the nasty green scent of water that supported too many living things .
she recognized the potent scent that lingered in her apartment and had kept her tossing and turning most of last night .
` ` she has n't added the scent yet , '' aunt dee assured her .
` ` historically , it 's a scent that has been known to attract cats , '' she said , as if that explained spank 's attraction to the vile odor .
we 're testing scents , but do n't worry , they 're all natural .
if she continued to touch him , with her scent so powerful and her cle**age too close to his lips , his restraint would vanish along with his good intentions .
` ` she 's working on finding a scent to cover the fish oil , '' zoe offered helpfully and grinned .
` ` could n't you have picked any other scent ? ''
the one that 'll put you ahead of the other guys following carlisle 's scent .
when he 'd dived on top of her earlier , she 'd recognized his familiar scent , and despite the danger , she 'd become instantly aroused .
her scent knocked him off balance .
this meant there was a lot of leaning over his shoulder and trying not to breathe in his scent too much , or let our faces get close when he turned to ask me a question .
if she catches the scent of anything it 'll ruin it .
we searched everywhere , but your scent just dried up out there . ''
` ` we trailed your scent to a certain spot out in the forest , and then it just disappeared .
her scent was driving him mad .
i did n't want to have to be without the scent of him once his leave was over .
i shook my head at him trying to ward off the intoxication from his bloody scent of pure male domination that did far more to render me useless than alcohol ever could .
i was on fire , everywhere , and my mind was lost in the taste and the scent of him as we consumed each other in the training facility room , up against a padded wall .
` ` to smell the scent of you and me , after we ' ve been making love together . ''
i 'd stay here tonight and sleep on sheets that did n't have her scent all over them .
my beast appeared at the scent of her arousal .
the scent of desire for sex , and the burning drive to mate .
i inhaled and could n't find the scent of my clove cigarettes anymore .
his scent masculine and heady .
i caught the pungent scent of urine and knew that he 'd wet himself .
i 'd catch the scent of his cologne .
i heard the clattering of dishes and - happily - i caught the scent of coffee .
he closed the distance between us , then stopped in front of me , so close i caught the scent of him .
i want you to know just how sweet you taste to me , how much i crave the scent of your arousal . ''
i could smell the scent of lust .
on his scent , sexy and familiar and desperately male .
his walk , his scent , his presence - i do n't know what it is , but there is something in him that calls so profoundly to me that i am never unaware of him .
i want you wet and slippery on that seat , so that when i get in that limo later tonight , i can lose myself in the scent of you . ''
me , alone in the back of the limo , surrounded by the scent of you . ''
i catch the scent of him as he comes closer .
his scent , apparently , works on me like pheromones .
or maybe i caught the scent of his cologne .
i slide out of bed , find a shirt in the closet , and follow the scent to the huge black - and - steel kitchen .
i catch the scent of him - the whiskey on his breath , the deep , spicy musk of his arousal - and it works upon me like the most potent of aphrodisiacs .
and when i breathe in deep , i catch the scent of my own arousal .
that i can shove her skirt up and turn her over her very own desk and spank that perfect white ass until it glows and then , when the scent of her arousal covers the desk and fills the room , i can fuck her until she comes so hard she screams for mercy . ''
that insistent stroking of flesh against flesh , the rise of heat , and the steady , growing scent of arousal .
to breathe in the scent of him .
even the scent of blood hung obscenely in the air .
i knew her scent , knew the smell of her deodorant and the conditioner in her hair and the lotion on her skin , the way it all mixed together with her sweat and the unique indefinable scent of kyrie - ness .
his scent came from my left and i lunged in that direction , arms wide .
i felt the breeze of his body moving past mine , followed by his scent .
he caught a whiff of her scent - cheap perfume , sweet sweat , and stale smoke .
she saw his nostrils flare slightly , as though he 'd caught her scent as well .
the scent of her arousal reached his nostrils , taking away the little control that he 'd gained by closing his eyes .
then his scent penetrated her awareness , his taste .
she noticed perfectly aligned cedar hangers and rows and rows of highly buffed shoes , and realized the hangers and cedar shoe trees were the origin of the scent .
he caught her scent and taste , and his surprise faded .
he caught her scent and the haze once again began to crowd out his vision .
his elusive scent remained like an insubstantial ghost , haunting her .
his nostrils flared and he inhaled , undoubtedly catching her scent .
he leaned in without conscious thought , a man who had caught the scent and was determined not to lose it .
he found himself staring at her mouth , his nostrils flaring to catch her scent .
he was n't catching her scent , was he ?
he had her scent now .
the brother whose scent was still on my skin .
when she 'd first started coming here to this second floor apartment parked atop a restaurant in china town that smelled of takeout even when pizza had been ordered for the games , she was sure she 'd never remove the scent from her clothes , much less her nostrils .
the scent of fried pork coming from his mouth curled her stomach .
and most of all , the scent of her arousal .
yes , ms . pac - man had had a pre - wedding bath , but even so she did n't want scent of a pooch on her as she held a bouquet .
the scent of her arousal washed over him , desire coursing thickly through his veins .
the scent of her was a direct line to his cock , painfully hard beneath the denim of his jeans , begging to be freed .
he wanted her to be surprised and he was using this gift to throw her off the scent .
or maybe it was just his imagination because she was permanently ingrained in his senses , the imprint of her scent a homing device connecting them .
the scent of her desire shot through him like an earthquake rumbling across the land .
the scent of regret .
she could smell the acrid scent of her career going up in flames as her reputation was burned at the stake .
you have n't been gone long enough to be declared dead , but i think a good show of her moving on might throw karl off the scent for at least a little while , which might give us enough time to find out what the hell is going on . ''
her panties were next and i snapped them in half no longer able to control myself because her fucking scent was unlike anything i 'd known .
i feel like i could get drunk , just on his scent .
she showered faster than she ever had in her life , trying to wash off his scent but she finally accepted that it was n't on her skin but in her head .
she sighed and took a step back , amazed that just his scent and his heat was impacting her senses like this .
she dove under the water anyway and soaped up her body , trying to get the scent of sex and sweat off since she knew that victoria would be running into the bedroom any moment now .
it was amazing to her how a scent could lure someone to someone else so easily .
dammit , he was like a hound on the scent .
i 'd catch the scent of a man 's cologne , and my blood would start simmering .
richard was dying and here i was thinking about his sister 's scent and how husky her voice was ?
i was sure that as i weaved my way through the desks everyone could very easily catch the scent of my arousal .
just as i was about to freak out and maybe run away , i breathed in mr . stone 's scent and knew that he was standing behind me .
breathe in his heat and sweat and the scent of his hair and jesus christ he could n't do this .
ian 's scent was so thick in this one perfect spot that sam could taste him in the air .
he feinted to tierney 's right side , then when tierney moved to block him , he stepped around the man 's left , inches from tierney 's back , breathing his scent in - which , yes , smelled like man , and something rich but not quite spicy that was totally unique to tierney , something other than cologne .
once inside , he tried to sit on the couch and wait for ian , but the ghost scent of dalton 's soap chased him away , in spite of knowing the smell could n't possibly be hanging around .
i might not have let his satiny voice tickle my ears or tried to put a name to the scent of male that followed him around .
your trouble with the unions would be the obvious rationale for the kidnapping and throw any investigation well off the scent . ''
it 's the scent of hope .
i recognized the scent of his body soap and deodorant from this morning , but i also caught another scent that was more distinctive and so very ... him .
and much like pavlov 's dogs , i 'd likely get a massive hard - on anytime the scent permeated the air around me .
and he smelled so good that i swear i probably could ' ve gotten off on his scent alone .
i recognized the scent because polly gave off a little bit of it , too .
the breeze picked up again , carrying her scent toward me , confirming what i already knew to be true .
i feel like a fool , just sitting here , wrapped up in his sheets that smell so masculine , like i imagine he smells if i get close enough to inhale the scent of him .
i should shower , and change , but the thought of washing away naz 's scent does n't appeal to me .
i creep down there , hearing someone move around the kitchen , the scent of bacon wafting my way .
the scent of bleach reaches my nose as soon as i step in the doorway .
like a dog marking his territory with his scent .
the scent is stale , but it 's still present .
pleasuring him like that - feeling his taut muscles under my fingertips , inhaling his musky scent , watching him come apart -i ca n't deny it 's a turn - on .
i miss colton 's bed , his scent , the feel of his rough stubble against my cheek when we kissed .
his masculine jawline , his height , and even his scent evoke a sense of deja - vu .
i stalk closer , pushing her back up against the door and lean in to inhale her scent .
along with that came ronin 's scent ; she let that male musk soothe her senses , even as her heart picked up speed whenever that scent came closer .
his scent , his touch , his uneven breathing stirred her hair and her desire .
like you ca n't get enough of the taste of me or the scent of me ...
the scent of my arousal was almost overpowering .
the air was suddenly thick with hot lead and the scent of gunpowder .
i 'd finally gotten daniel and connor off his scent , and here i was dancing with disaster again .
a cloud of dust heavily laced with the scent of horseshit wafted past .
the air grew heavy with the sounds of labored breathing , and the dark , heady scent of sex .
marking her with his scent .
she picked her way through discarded tools littering the dirt floor , the scent of hay and feed and horseflesh overwhelming her senses .
the scent of his hot skin .
your scent drives me out of my freakin ' mind .
the scent of your sweet juices was still in my beard .
ella 's dark head swiveled the direction of the scent of milk .
the scents , the sights , the sounds of rodeo .
no barnyard scent . ''
edgard angled his head as trevor 's lips traveled up the slope of his neck , letting the feel , the scent , the nearness of trevor consume him .
her scent .
i 'd like you to feel my whiskers on your delicate skin as i ' m markin ' you with my scent . ''
let your scent mark me .
and his scent drove her crazy .
they provide light , scent and ambience .
and the scent .
the woman 's scent was a shot of adrenaline straight to his groin .
it might ' ve been the scent of her cherry chapstick carried on the wind .
the scent of his skin .
the wholly male scent of his sex .
this time , he recognized the scent .
he already caught the scent of her arousal and his dick stood at attention , ready to satisfy the call of her body .
the heat of him , the scent of him , the overwhelming power and masculinity made her head spin .
i just like the scent of your soap . ''
she scrambled backward , even when she recognized the warm , earthy scent of her dominant 's aftershave .
his scent vanished .
the scent of her arousal teased his nose every time she rocked her hips forward .
breathing in the scent of her arousal .
sierra stared at him , resisting the urge to sniff the inside collar of his jacket , where his scent was the strongest .
gavin caught her scent ; sweet honey .
` ` i ' m thinkin ' the scent of you so close to me is driving me insane . ''
and goddamn do i want the scent of you all over me . ''
i like your scent after you ' ve been working out . ''
the scent .
` ` makes me want to check if you have this same scent everywhere . ''
the scent of your skin drives me crazy . ''
to wash off the scent of another woman 's perfume ?
then he caught the ripe scent of barf and saw two enormous piles of vomit , mostly comprised of undigested chunks of dog food .
she did her best to ignore the trace of male scent within its fibers , though it was difficult .
feeling dirty , i ' m consumed with the urge to be clean , to wash away his scent , which suddenly seems to be everywhere .
my hands and my scent are all you 'll feel and smell now .
footsteps sounded from the other room , and layla 's head jerked up , like an animal that had caught the scent of another .
doc fischer gave them a long , considering look before saying , ` ` in rare cases , a fated mate can catch the scent of someone who does n't return his feelings .
he did smell of some animal whose scent she did n't recognize off the top of her head , but it did n't overwhelm his real smell , which she actually found quite pleasant .
` ` no , i said in rare cases , a fated mate catches the scent of someone who does n't return his feelings .
fenris had not thought it possible to be more aroused than he had been with the scent of his fated mate 's heat in his nose , but seeing her like this made his manhood jump and swell further to the point of pain , to the point that he could not be certain he could take her without going beserk in the way of a warrior in a blood - frenzy on the battlefield .
though the scent of a female 's heat arousal had intrigued him , it had never sent him over the edge as it did with some wolves , causing good friends to turn on each other and attack the other with battle axes , if it meant claiming the she - wolf they desired .
her thought had been to at least get rid of the scent , so she could reason with the viking .
the sex they had had the night before still lingered , but the thick scent of her heat no longer hung in the air like a feral entity propelling them along like puppets on a string .
and though she was angrier than she had ever been about anything in her life , including the time she was left at the side of the road by her own parents , she went quiet , sensing the danger as he did , and even more scary , the scent of five different wolves in the trees surrounding the stone cabin .
that was when he caught the scent of his queen and felt her gaze on him .
and as he ran down the village 's main thoroughfare toward her scent , he could now smell the thickness of her blood in the air as well as the acrid stench of his cousin .
she said , hoping her extreme questioning tone would throw her mother off the scent .
` ` your scent , '' he answered with a sheepish smile .
but the cabinets still remained , and back up had obviously caught the scent of something ... or someone .
she did as he said and caught his scent on the inhale .
that and her scent .
the scent of leather and taste of vampire invaded her senses .
for the merest instant , she thought she caught a whiff of hunter 's exotic scent .
her scent that permeated his senses .
he wiped his wet hand across kyrian 's face and kyrian cursed the scent he knew so well .
the scent of amanda on his skin .
all he could smell was her scent .
smoke wafted through the misty darkness , pungent with the scent of death and vengeance .
the scent of them hung thick in the air and she was wet and hot against him .
he 'd best tend the wound before any bears or wolves caught its scent .
he clutched the coat to his skin , burying his face deep in the fur so that he could capture her scent .
the scent of him filled her head and made her wish for a moment where they could go back and just be friends again .
her voice , her scent .
breathless , she breathed in the scent of her ancient warrior .
the scent of her made him hard and hot .
he asked , and quickly learned that was inappropriate since her fear returned with a scent so strong it almost made him curse out loud .
i promise you , your brother is safe here , but your mate , she 's not safe alone while she carries your scent on her . ''
if , as he suspected , his pack was looking for them , their scouts might find his scent around bride .
and then he caught a scent of something strange .
no scent of anyone else .
he had covered his scent before he appeared here , but stefan and the others were damned good at what they did .
of course , so long as bride bore his mark , she bore his scent , and even if he left her , they were just as likely to pick up that and appear to her as they were to find him .
` ` i 'll use your scent to lead the others far away from here .
it did n't take fury long to find stefan and the others who were in human form on bourbon street while they tried to recapture vane 's scent .
stefan whirled about as he caught fury 's scent .
more than that , the scent came from the most elite of the arcadians .
no scent , no trace .
i did n't dare enter a katagaria den for fear of them smelling the arcadian scent on me .
the only thing i ' ve ever learned to pull off well is camouflaging my scent .
fury really was good at hiding his scent .
` ` do n't be afraid , '' he said , letting the dog catch his scent .
it was tabitha 's scent .
he pulled a dagger from his pocket as he turned around in the street as if trying to catch a scent .
` ` mmm , '' tabitha breathed , inhaling the scent of her husband .
it must be the dark - huntress 's scent and his body reacted to it instantly .
she craved the scent and taste of this man and she did n't even know why .
` ` i do n't want your scent on her property .
they can smell it , and it 's that scent that makes them want to attack you .
two seconds later , he smelled the scent of a predator .
` ` his scent is all over the place . ''
putting me on a boat was a nice trick to keep them off my scent , but it wo n't take them long to figure out where i am .
while they were over water , the were - hunters after wren would n't be able to track him by scent , and so long as he kept his use of magic to a minimum , they would n't be able to find him that way , either .
wren has never left his scent on anything .
he even keeps a monkey here so that its scent camouflages his own .
luckily the place was crowded , which would help conceal his scent and allow him to blend into the background .
the air was thick with the scent of tiger mixed with that of maggie .
` ` i know how weird you are about your scent , so i put it in an airtight container . ''
the scent of him enveloped her and made her hungry for him .
the scent of fear and perspiration hung heavy in the air - gods , how he loved that smell .
there was a scent on the air that he could n't place .
not to mention the scent of her hung heavy around his animal 's senses .
and even though the man had black hair , he oozed the scent and aura of a daimon .
there was a scent and aura that all the gods had - even those who only held a bit of god blood .
wink 's actions reminded him of a hound on the scent of a skunk .
he was like a bloodthirsty beast trailing after the scent of its prey .
the scent of his skin made her hot and shivery .
his scent , his presence , it filled her with desire and strength .
he let the scent of her settle him even more .
pushing open the door , she paused as she caught a familiar scent .
she wanted to cry ... at least until she realized his scent was still strong by her dresser .
the last thing he wanted was to remove aimee 's scent from him , but it was christmas .
the scent of her filled his head and reminded him that it 'd been centuries since he last touched a woman ...
the scent of a man as his whiskers brushed her skin .
i want your scent on my skin as i taste every part of your body until i ' m drunk from it . ''
as soon as the dimme caught that scent , she 'd be funning .
her scent hidden .
and it was then the scent of xypher hit her hard .
you smelled like your mother ... but there was no scent of palackas on you . ''
even so the scent of her filled his head .
` ` there 's a foreign scent on you .
by the scent of it , he 'd guess it contained morpheus root mixed with risi opsi , a compound that created fantastic hallucinations .
the scent and sweet taste made his c**k so hard it was all he could do not to attack her where she stood .
her scent and touch were seared into his memories .
she vanished and left him to savor the scent of the bloodbath going on as the daimons and gallu continued to clash .
to keep as far away from a woman and her scent as he could lest he make himself ache any worse than he already did .
but as he stood there and the scent of her hit him , it paralyzed his entire body .
` ` you do n't stink , but your scent is all over everything , and that 's why i do n't want anything changed .
normally the scent of another species was repugnant to his wolf 's heightened senses .
to keep anyone else from being able to use his scent to track him .
` ` your scent , '' she lied , not willing to tell him about her powers .
` ` i do n't leave a scent .
` ` you leave a scent . ''
unfortunately , the scent was so contaminated , it was worthless for them to even try and use it to track them down .
` ` since they ' ve already mistaken your scent for mine , i thought the least i could do was warn you . ''
and no one held his scent .
the scent of aimee anchored him and held him grounded .
he was disgusted by his own scent .
the scent of blood permeated his head and he could hear it running not just in his veins , but thorn 's .
the scent of her nervousness was heavy in his nostrils and the protective wolf in him wanted to soothe her .
by the scent of her , he knew she was in heat .
he knew he could n't deny that she 'd been here since her scent would be more than evident to nicolette 's heightened senses and while he could mask most of it , he could n't remove every trace of her .
she could tell by the scent that it was a tiger all right , but the blond man searching the room was n't wren .
i need something with his scent on it to disseminate to the strati who seek him . ''
he could easily mask his scent . ''
it had your scent all over it . ''
tonight she lost the scent almost as soon as she walked outside .
she smelled the gumbo and steaks that were cooking in the kitchen and the scent of the river that was only a few blocks away .
at least that was his thought until he caught a scent in the air that made him instantly rock hard .
gah , what was wrong with him that the mere scent of her skin could raise his blood pressure ?
he scowled at the folded - up scrap of sanctuary letterhead that still held the amazon 's scent on it .
the mere sight or scent of her made him so hard that it was all he could do not to strip her nak*d and take her no matter the audience .
worse , he was being haunted by the scent of a certain amazon frustration .
dev intended to use nick 's entrails as shoelaces , but first he needed nick 's fresh scent .
the scent of her made the bear in him feral .
were - hunters could track across five dimensions and there was no way she 'd be in the sixth ... . and it was n't like her scent was n't embedded in his senses .
he 'd used his powers to mask his scent so that the arcadians would n't be able to track him .
` ` your scent makes me drunk .
i knew they would be after the woman as soon as they caught her scent .
i ca n't track her scent and i have n't had a visual on her yet . ''
choo co la tah was strangely calm while the scent of gas grew stronger .
her nostrils widened as a new scent hit her .
the scent of it is so strong on you that if seth had recognized it , he 'd have already cut your throat .
it wo n't take them long to catch your scent here .
but as he caught the scent of his precious lily , he knew he was safe .
and when she leaned over him , spilling her soft hair across his chest that she 'd bared , he almost came just from the scent of her alone .
now that they have my scent , they 'll be able to hunt you down and find you if i do . ''
her grandmother 's scent .
he sniffed at it as if the scent of the blood was the finest nectar made .
until he caught a whiff of her scent .
i 'd much rather face an armed demon horde drunk on the scent of my blood , than one riled woman who 's been worrying herself sick about where i ' ve been .
remember when i told you that his scent bothered me ?
all she could hear was his heart pounding while the scent of him filled her senses .
the scent of blood , combined with that of their anger , had the lorina growling and unsettled .
the mere scent of him was enough to make her hot .
more than that was the memory of alix 's scent .
` ` ah , man , i thought vik was screwing with me by sending over the scent of real food . ''
not to mention that the scent of him hit her hard .
the scent of warm , sticky blood , of death , clung to him .
nor would any other species be so alerted by her scent .
the scent was unmistakable .
` ` they have her scent moving in multiple directions . ''
dante sniffed and shook his head to clear it of her scent before his animal hormones relegated him to the same childish antics as his twin brothers .
his scent was undeniable .
even more frightening than his innate feral masculinity , his scent was katagariathe animal branch of then - specieswhile she was arcadian , the human branch .
` ` get me something with your scent on it so i can spread it around and keep leo and mike away from you . ''
i 'll spread your scent around to keep them off you .
one whiff should not have affected him this much , and yet as he drifted through the dense crowd of people pretending to be aliens and paranormal entities , he could n't stop himself from trying to find her scent again .
the animal in dante picked up a weird scent from acheron , but he was n't sure what it was .
he headed up the escalator to escape the scent .
the scent was even stronger here .
` ` do n't think we do n't know it was you who spread her scent around this hotel to drive us crazy .
had you not had her scent all over you , i would n't have been able to pinpoint her so easily .
roars and growls echoed in her ears and the scent of blood filled her nostrils .
or anytime i smell your scent . ''
i ca n't get near the scent of a lily without growing hard . ''
it amazed him that the horse did n't shriek at his scent .
knew her scent , her sound .
even more frightening than his innate feral masculinity , his scent was katagaria - the animal branch of their species - while she was arcadian , the human branch .
especially that wicked scent of masculine power tinged with brut aftershave .
without commenting , he moved closer to her ... so close that the scent of him invaded her senses .
` ` take him upstairs before too many scents contaminate the lion so that he can track the ones who did this . ''
he held his hand out slowly so the lion could catch his scent and intent .
he breathed in and smelled the scent of carson , margery , the female lion , and others .
maybe ... but there were other scents he picked up on , too .
what he did n't tell them was that the scent was one he was more than familiar with .
picking out the scent of shit is my specialty , and , brother , you reek of it .
her mother had smeared her with earth to mask her scent before she 'd placed her in the cellar .
his scent ... it was unmistakable .
that scent of wolf mingled with human and magick .
` ` the wolves tracked their scent back to bryani 's camp , where they found the remains of most of their women .
he 'd caught her scent .
the wolf in him salivated at the scent of her and it wanted nothing more than to throw her down and mount her .
by their scents , she knew they were as unmated as fury was .
fang 's eyes widened as he neared them and he , too , caught her scent .
they 're hunting by scent , and yours was all over jake .
it 's hard enough to fight your scent .
how much sharper sounds and scents are . ''
` ` we ' ve tracked her scent here . ''
` ` we ' ve lost the scent . ''
` ` the one power i did develop was the ability to mask my scent .
and right then , with his head just inches from her own , she could smell the raw , earthy scent of him .
luckily , she caught the scent by the time she reached a weed - infested concrete pad twenty feet square at the end of the street .
the scent of rotten eggs stank up the air , but the smell would be even more overwhelming at this distance if he 'd fed on a human recently .
the scent of burned rubber filled her nostrils .
she smelled his human scent , warm and a little sweaty from his exertions .
but the question was , did sen have a sniffer in this region who could use the chips to catch a trail and follow it the way a bloodhound tracked scent ?
the movement stirred her scent around the cab .
it could just as easily have been an enemy trying to throw them off the scent and get them out of the vicinity before one of them unearthed it .
it 's a scent born from who you are . ''
` ` i picked up a couple scents .
he caught the scent of innocence before nhivoli and another soldier marched forward with a young female bound and gagged , hanging by her hands and feet from a narrow tree limb supported across their shoulders .
something as simple as a woman 's scent would get under a man 's skin to make him want one particular female , and nothing storm did would stop his body from reacting anytime this one was near .
her scent steamed off her when she generated any power like she was doing right now , while she tried to decide just what she could say without showing any more vulnerability than she had already .
she knew his scent .
` ` can you track the dog 's scent ? ''
i have n't changed shape in a while , but i can track the tiniest bit of scent in animal form . ''
storm thinks he may have picked up a scent .
or if she carried her dog some of the time , she 'd have broken the scent trail .
had he picked up an especially promising scent ?
his scent met her next breath .
thankfully , she 'd allowed him to mark her with his scent , though she had n't exactly realized what he 'd been doing with the majik .
storm tracked tristan 's scent up and down the tunnels .
` ` that 's it for his scent , '' storm announced .
storm would have to shift into his jaguar for any hope of carrying a scent in this rain .
that he 'd marked her with his scent before the tribunal meeting so that he could find her ?
storm followed the scent , angling through the crowd until he found the origin of the smell .
then he 'd shift into his jaguar so he could track the slightest scent .
he 'd taken his time tracking imogenia 's scent trail , moving slowly , sometimes backtracking , because he thought he 'd missed something due to the erratic way she and bernie had crisscrossed down the mountain .
everything in the forest had a scent .
he took a deeper breath and still picked up only that subtle scent .
i have much to do , and we will see each other again , but i can not allow you to interfere with my langaus now that you have the scent .
` ` we ' ve sent out several trackers who are following scents , but no leads as yet .
i went to check it out and found that smoky scent . ''
` ` that scent means something to you .
that 's why i want you on your guard and to watch for that scent .
he knew that scent .
her head throbbed from the strain of holding her cloaking in place and constantly camouflaging her scent .
it should mask her scent from anyone but shifters .
he knew her scent and had startled her when he 'd noticed her presence as she 'd snuck onto the boat .
` ` i shielded lanna 's form and her scent , '' storm said , directing evalle through the crowd with subtle touches .
with storm and evalle free to move around the event until evalle had to fight , lanna had to own the scent on imogenia 's cloak or storm would find her .
do you like how fast i can move and mask my scent ?
she 'd hidden her presence and scent from him .
speed from black majik , because he never lost her scent .
he thought he caught a thread of smoke , then the scent of burning flesh .
her scent kept his body strung tight .
he could enjoy elizabeth and still be faithful- he tensed , catching the shifter pack 's scent .
just as lothaire reached to grab her by her br**sts and drag one to his mouth ... he caught the scent of her arousal .
which was understandable , considering his addictive scent , his delicious taste , his utterly masculine reactions .
get his scent off you . ''
the scent of her luscious sex made him snap , ` ` harder ! ''
the scents of so many of his enemies muddled together in one place had him wishing he 'd brought a mystical bomb .
he did n't have time to pursue her- his head jerked around as he caught that scent once more .
the winds began to howl , sheeting the rain sideways , dispersing the scent .
that scent ... why could n't he run it to ground ... ?
just as he tensed to trace back to elizabeth for the day , to lose himself in her body and scent , he heard a valkyrie shriek carry over the dwindling patter of rain .
would that be the last scent she ever perceived ?
the scent of seed , of sex .
the scent of fresh blood carried on the air .
like lothaire 's scent .
he 'd caught a scent .
the scent of ghoul blood fouled the air and made the next line of them hesitate .
earlier , when he 'd finally picked up the vessel 's scent , he 'd begun cutting across a forest to reach it , which was proving to be more of a risk than he 'd expected .
though the winds carried ill - omened scents from that plateau , he had no choice but to continue .
any other female 's scent was repellent to him .
` ` i ' ve been following this overgrown path deeper into the woods , toward the scent of water , '' he told her .
he hovered over the canopy , tracking her by her sorcery and her entrancing scent .
catching their scent , it let out a chilling howl .
the scent of brine pervaded everything .
the nereids now exude your scent .
she had to know he was marking her with his scent .
` ` when we first met , i took your scent into me - sky and home .
yet when she sidled closer and he drew more deeply of her scent , he detected the faintest hint of ... another .
the sharp , fresh scent fills the space .
she wonders if this is how a tiger feels when it catches the scent of prey on the breeze , or how a long - distance runner feels with his toes bordering the starting line .
i call out , wincing at the gravelly sound of my own voice , at the scent of detergent and stale water emanating from the carpet so close to my face .
this amplified the pong of the overflowing trash - spilling out of metal trash cans ( which only cooked it and intensified the scent ) , bags of it piled up on the curbs .
smoke rose from the marks in black spirals and he smelled the choking scent of his own skin burning .
when they reached it , clary noticed the thick scent of blood and burning as she had n't when she 'd passed through it before .
the scent of her was different , though .
people , he 'd noticed since he 'd become a vampire , had a scent around them that changed with their moods .
under that , as always , simon could smell the salt scent of blood , mixed with a sharp , lemony tang that was peculiar to werewolves .
she caught the scent on the air then , a split second before she turned - the familiar stench of rotting garbage .
she could smell the polluted miasma of the water , the dirt and diesel of the navy yard , the scent of small animals moving in the grass .
maia leaned forward , close enough to see the faint stubble along his jaw , to smell the scent of him , wolf - smell and toothpaste and boy .
she inhaled the scent of him .
same soap , same shampoo , but no lingering scent of cigarettes .
the scent of her blood was everywhere , all over him , filling the room .
he leaned in , and she could smell the scent of him - blood and charcoal , sweat , and the cheap soap they 'd found by the sink .
but the scent of her - perfume and blood - made his stomach growl .
simon tried to focus on the milling darkness ahead of him , his vampire senses sharpening at the distinct scent of blood .
the scent of the blood came through the glass , billowy and sweet .
immediately i caught the scent of food - fresh bread and cooked meat .
we raced across the desert , our feet stirring up the scent of sage .
the scent of death and destruction had n't lingered on him , and i was grateful .
the scent of burned flesh and plastic was strong as i rounded the corner , kicking rolls of bread out of the way .
when i was halfway across the brightly lit room that smelled like roses and the faint metallic scent of spilled blood , he lifted his head .
the scent was musty and the torches shoved into the wall did n't cast much light .
other students were starting to pick up on the scent of rotten eggs and soured meat .
that wild scent of his cloaked us .
some days i thought i caught that unique , wild scent of his .
there was no roth , but the scent was still there .
the bathroom door swung open before caym could respond to that , and i immediately caught the scent of a familiar sweet musk .
all the times i thought i caught his scent had n't been my imagination .
i did n't know what the necklace really meant , if i had just not seen it at first or if his scent was simply a product of my hope - fueled imagination .
the scent was the first thing i noticed .
the scent of him invaded my senses .
the scent of mold and something ... crusty assaulted me .
the sweet , wild scent announced roth 's nearness .
he had no scent , nothing at all .
once we were back inside the impala , i was relieved to find that the sickly scent had n't lingered on our clothing .
the place carried a faint scent of musk , but it was the best she could do in the middle of the night .
closing her eyes , she tipped her head back and let the water and steam do its thing , wishing it could wash away chandler 's presence as well as it did his scent , but that was foolish , was n't it ?
thick , ominous clouds had rolled in and the scent of rain was strong , but it had n't started yet .
i knew it would still carry his scent and i could n't bear that .
her scent was pulling me in .
trisha would be watching me , and i needed to get her off the scent .
i did n't want her scent on me .
i ca n't believe i missed their scent , '' he hissed through gritted teeth .
he must have caught the scent of one on your clothing .
` ` it gets me here and it protects my human traits , like the scent of my blood and my heartbeat .
` ` what do you think will happen when one of us is exposed to the scent of human blood - a scent that drives us to kill with more intensity than you could ever possibly imagine - for the first time in seven hundred years ? ''
` ` what do you think will happen when one of us is exposed to the scent of human blood - a scent that drives us to kill with more intensity than you could ever possibly imagine - for the first time in seven hundred years ? ''
i scanned the crowd of a hundred - odd depraved vampires , their wild eyes and expressions varying from bewilderment to crazed blood lust after the briefest scent of a human , until i spotted four familiar faces .
the scent of human blood coursing through delicate human veins had reached the ratheus vampires .
when i caught his scent , i went out of my way to find him .
i watched forty pairs of bloodthirsty eyes immediately lock onto the truck , the scent of this much human blood sending their senses into overdrive .
it was n't until she moved away from the truck and the overpowering scent of blood that the wave of recognition hit me .
to find nathan , i had used his scent as the target - easy , because his scent lived on everything i owned .
to find nathan , i had used his scent as the target - easy , because his scent lived on everything i owned .
but now i had no scent to track the mutants .
as if we 'd walked into a solid wall , all six of us suddenly stopped , hit with the pungent scent of freshly spilled blood .
we followed the pull of the links for thirteen blocks , ending up in another alley , in front of a gray steel door , where the scent of blood infused the air .
worry flickered through me as i remembered the last time he had caught my scent , but it quickly vanished as his eyes opened again , the beautiful jade eyes that i could lose myself in .
i caught the scent of fresh paint , which told me that the room had recently undergone work and yet , as i surveyed its vaulted ceilings , curving in an archway of sculpted plaster , i had to believe the room 's historical characteristics were original .
` ` it smells like ... '' human blood certainly had n't had a scent before .
maybe we should head back to ... '' my nostrils caught the sweet scent of a warm - blooded animal a second before i felt its heart throb inside my throat .
their heartbeats would throb in our throats ; the scent of their blood would fill our nostrils .
evangeline tilted her head slightly , as if to catch a scent .
the dog , who was lying on the old whitewashed porch floor with its eyes closed and seemingly not a care in the world when i first arrived , leaps to its haunches , its nose twitching at the scent of meat .
i ' m faintly aware of an alarm going off somewhere nearby , and then i feel someone leaning over me , the scent familiar and warm .
the scent of her has long since disappeared from my sheets .
aside from that and the family picture , the only thing we ' ve added is the scent of bleach in place of mothballs .
dark memories rise with the scent .
i follow her directions , taking the staircase to the third floor , the lingering scent of industrial - grade cleaner trailing the entire way .
even if i do n't wash it , i wonder how long it will be before his scent is gone .
they had not caught his scent or heard him .
they had caught his scent !
` ` she 'll smell the scent of aaron all around her , '' rowan had said to ryan , almost absently , ` ` and she 'll feel safe . ''
she could still - occasionally - catch that scent in the living room , but it was almost gone now .
it was right after that that somebody tried to get in the library window and i smelled that scent . ''
` ` was it strong , the scent ? ''
they know you , by scent perhaps , and surely by sight . ''
the wind did n't carry their scent to him .
the scent of the man was strong , and the face was more terrible , filled with suspicion and perhaps even wrath .
no scent comes from her .
we know other taltos instantly by scent or sight ; we know witches when we see them , and the presence of witches is always overwhelming .
i knew the powerful scent of the taltos in that land , but it was as natural as air .
the white - haired ones often had very thin skin , so thin you could almost see the blood running under it ; and often they had lost their scent .
witches - those singular humans who caught our scents , and could somehow breed with us , or were the descendants of those who had bred with us .
she was human , and a witch , and she carried the very faint scent of a witch , which could mean , but might not , that she had the blood of the taltos in her .
i caught his scent as soon as i approached the rectory , and when he came to the door , having caught mine , we stood staring at one another .
in dark city streets once i caught the powerful scent , only to be maddened , unable ever to find the soft folds of hot and secret flesh from which it emanated .
` ` what is that scent ? ''
i know that scent ! ''
` ` the scent 's all over you . ''
mother , you can smell the scent .
he wiped himself dry , and took the recommended spray can from the shelf to kill his scent .
he wondered if ash could have done that , killed the scent cold so that they would n't have picked it up from farewell kisses he 'd given them both .
and in ancient times , could the human female pick up the scent of the human male coming through the forest ?
because the scent is no longer the predictor of danger .
the scent is no longer a reliable indicator of any threat .
` ` someday i shall be the heiress as my mother has planned for me , and after me , another from her line who is human perhaps ... if you ... if the male ... if the scent ... '' ` ` play it off , morrigan , '' said mary jane .
i ca n't bear the scent .
` ` i know your scent too , and the things you ' ve seen , i know the smell of the wind on liberty street , and the way the house looked when you first walked in , and how you changed it .
this male who left his scent all over you .
` ` i smell it too , the scent , '' said mona .
scent of meat , of humans , scent of ... ?
scent of meat , of humans , scent of ... ?
but the scent was so sharp and old and tyrannical that it took hold and the moment slipped right out of his hands .
coldly , shivering , maddened by the scent and drugged , he watched them through the glass .
she had picked up his scent from those gifts , dear god , what agony for her , poor newborn !
the scent , yes , catch the scent , my dear , my darling newborn woman , and closing his eyes , he staggered backwards .
oh , and the scent on the gifts , it drove me mad . ''
the scent of the herbs was very strong .
a dark golden pigment had been oiled into her , and it contained the scent .
the scent was cinnamon .
` ` shaxes have a keen sense of scent , '' will allowed .
they were close enough that she could smell the night air on his skin , the scent of metal and smoke and fog .
` ` it is true , vampires have no scent .
` ` some people were out late last night , '' i said , as mustapha - who was a werewolf - stiffened at the sight and scent of farmer dermot .
she passed close to me as she left the room , and i smelled her ; not only a trace of twoey , but another scent , blood with a sweet undertone .
without conscious thought , i had identified the subtle scent that must have screamed out at eric 's senses .
` ` she 's already part were , and she was doused in the scent of fairy blood to make you want her more , '' i said .
` ` you said the scent trail did n't tell you that . ''
no wonder dermot had hurried ; he 'd surely known a vampire was in the backyard and that his scent would be attractive .
` ` bill or heidi goes up to her , shakes her hand - then they will have her scent , and we 'll know .
` ` then i 'll have to call alcide and make the request for jannalynn 's scent official . ''
i 'd found a quick and easy solution to the problem of getting jannalynn 's scent to the noses of bill and heidi .
` ` no , that 's not a scent i picked up at the gate in the backyard .
of course , considering all the scents around there and the length of time before we were able to investigate , that ca n't be a definite no . ''
mustapha , catching a scent he recognized , threw back his head and howled .
in a second he was standing in the doorway , inhaling deeply to better catch the scent he was scouting for .
when dermot and claude had been in residence , their scent had pervaded the house , lingering even when they were not actually there .
but i knew , even before i caught his familiar scent , that eric was in my room .
i thought he was going to kiss me , but he was just getting my scent .
so the best place to catch a scent would be in my room . ''
the handsome wolf in front of me padded around my living room , his sensitive nose recording scent trails before he followed them into my bedroom .
a strong scent wafted across the back porch , and i knew it was the scent of their magic .
due to darius 's gift , she was able to alter her scent from one of submission to one of carnal demand , a primitive challenge to a hunter 's need to be dominant .
still , the scent of her pheromones was heavy in the air , and masters was n't immune .
her nostrils flared , filling her senses with the scent of his lust and excitement .
the scent of the lion was deep , animal , terrifying , and tristran was close enough to see the beseeching expression in the unicorn 's black eyesthe lion and the unicorn were fighting for the crown , thought tristran to himself , remembering the old nursery rhyme .
wes slowed into the turn , then accelerated out , jetting the small car onto the straightaway at the crest of the hollywood hills and leaving the thick scent of burnt rubber in their wake to the sound of rubi 's thrilled scream .
a scent that clearly screamed - smoking hot seduction right here .
the scent brought memories spilling back .
seemingly helpless to stop herself , she inched closer to him , enjoying the hell out of his scent .
she detested blood , hated the sight of it , the scent of it .
because she has a scent ?
now that the female was gone and her scent had faded , conrad had doubts about what had just happened as well .
searching for the scent of roses , he came to the ballroom .
the scent of it hit him , and his lips curled .
conrad could n't feel her presence , could n't smell her scent .
he 'd seemed to be following a scent .
he needed his scent all over her , in her .
like a man 's voice , a man 's scent had never been particularly noticeable to her , unless , of course , it was unpleasant .
the scent of his female 's need , those beseeching moans ... they were triggers he could n't fight .
he 'd taught her to rub pine needles over herself to mask her scent , and she 'd become so stealthy that she could actually stalk him from the trees .
why were n't they attracted to the scent of his blood ?
after the day 's arduous journey , she was starving , and the scent was n't as bad as she 'd thought it would be .
skull possibly cracked - he caught a hint of her scent to the south .
he caught her scent from what must be miles away .
she recognized the creosote - like scent of the arrowheads .
since the night he 'd been turned into a vampire three hundred years ago , he 'd had no interest in women , no need for them , just as he never reacted to the scent or sight of food .
then an unfamiliar scent swept him up .
the scent had been blood - hers .
the scent was like nothing he 'd ever known .
` ` your scent drives me mad . ''
already the scent was all around him .
murdoch caught the scent just as the other elders did .
he craved the sight of her , needed to have her scent fresh in his mind .
and i ' m not surrounded by the scent of yours . ''
she could tell he 'd been close enough to them to pick up their scents , but she could n't detect exactly what he 'd been doing with them .
rich blood beaded , and he clenched his jaw at the scent .
the scent of the supple skin he was about to taste proved too much temptation .
his scent drove her wild ; his strength captivated her .
her scent and curves had tantalized him .
pravus shifters had picked up their scent and were trailing them .
the scent of flames and volatile aviation fuel oozed over declan .
a foul scent .
i saw how you reacted to the scent of the valkyrie 's blood . ''
if he had n't known he was in regin 's bedroom by her scent , he would have by the decorations .
ink that was n't actually ink , paper that had never been wood , he thought as he breathed deep for the cloying scent of blood .
a second boom of sound pulsed over us , and in a visible cloud , the scent of dust and broken wood rose .
i took a shaky breath , smelling the scent of coal dust and shoe polish .
but then my heart seemed to stop when the scent of my dad 's pipe lifted through my memory , rising from the paper itself .
she did n't turn , smelling the stimulating , erotic scent of undead vampire in her doorway .
the faint scent of blood coming from the hallway sifted through her brain .
` ` you know , '' rat breathed , the scent of his partner 's blood fresh on his breath from an earlier tryst , ` ` you really should n't wear those high - heeled boots .
blue booties scuffing , she followed the scent of blood to the bathroom .
it was n't the scent of blood , it was the fear .
there was no answer , and as she headed back toward the kitchen to chill the wine , the scent of blood shivered through her like an electrical current .
kisten 's eyes roved the kitchen , and she saw his nose widen as he took in their scent .
the faint scent of bleach intruded , growing stronger as she reached the floor .
that would explain the scent of chlorine , and ivy went to see , her eyebrows rising at the small tub flush with the floor .
jaw clenched , ivy worked her out of her clothes , handing them to kisten one by one to be sprayed with the de - enzyme solution from the bar to remove piscary 's scent .
he paused to listen , and the incense coming from him grew strong , taking on a sharper scent , aggressive .
with a soft hush of sliding leather and the scent of iron , the cat - size gargoyle landed on the back of the bench , his long claws scrabbling for purchase .
bis hissed and backed up , the scent of iron sifting over them as his claws scraped the sidewalk until he found the earth .
a yelp escaped him when long , thin , gray fingers caught him , pulling him closer to the ashy scent of iron and dry stone .
the spicy scent of vampire spun through him , seeming to shift his own dust a darker tint .
a few pieces were embedded in the tree that ivy had pinned daryl against , and the scent of cracked rock pervaded .
that there was no guard struck him as suspicious , and he breathed deeper for the scent of elves , finding nothing but that thick , cloying scent of crickets .
the scent of beef stew mixed with the smell of dead crickets to make his stomach turn , and he tossed the bag to slop against the floor .
a quick spray , and the round kennel was clean , all evidence of the dog erased under the scent of bleach .
i froze as they both stood over me , the scent of dirt rising from a smear on nakita 's leg .
being in the sun would help ; so would the wind now carrying away the scent of sweat and fear .
the faint scent from his boots of stables was winding its way into me now that the car was n't moving and the air was still .
jenks flew to the rearview mirror when trent rolled his window all the way down to get rid of the scent of cinnamon and wine , and something in me eased as i turned right onto memorial .
relief pulled the corners of my mouth up as the last candle burst into flame , covering the scent of honest sulfur with the acidic , biting scent of burnt amber .
the scent of carrion seemed to tickle my nose .
` ` it covers my scent , '' he said , and i set my napkin down so i could open it .
al shouted again , and i heard a bang and smelled ozone and the acrid scent of burnt books .
and then he was gone before i could even find the scent of redwood in my soul .
the scent of coffee slipped in under the door , telling me that ivy was up .
the scent of exhaust - tainted wet cement mixed with the sound of hushed tires and loud conversations over engine noise .
a panicked thought touched mine , and recoiled , leaving the scent of rock chips in the sun .
i could smell him now , sort of a sour wine , maybe vinegar scent .
beside me , the man grew nervous , the spicy scent of agitated were rising up .
fresh blood and the scent of a fight were like champagne to the undead , and my estimation of wayde wavered .
i shut my phone , heart pounding as i took up a stance , smelling the spicy , complex scent of were behind me .
david opened his door and got out , and the faint scent of old garbage and wet pavement slipped in .
i found out why when he brought the scent of burnt amber to me .
the scent of burnt amber was obvious , thinner but somehow more pervasive as it was diluted out .
nina jumped as the scent hit her , and jenks and i watched as the two consciousnesses fought for control , eyes closing and hands trembling .
the scent of acid blossomed , sharp enough to make my eyes water , and the irritating beeping emitted a sad wail and died .
the scent of hot metal rose , but the door did n't move .
` ` i ' m glad the amulet is working , '' he said , stiff and closed even as he helped me , the scent of sour wine a hint between us .
nina strode forward with the fading scent of copy paper and vampiric incense .
` ` they 're fixing the damage , '' trent said as the dusty scent of wall spackle pricked my nose and a metal ladder clanked upward .
one last gust pushed me into the revolving door , and a whisper of impending danger tightened my gut as the scent of old brass and dog urine rose in the sudden dead air .
drawn by the living / dead vampire , quen brushed by me , leaving the scent of wool and cinnamon .
chapter seven the scent of burnt amber pulled through my awareness first , dragging the rest of the ever - after behind it .
i took a hesitant breath , pleased when i found only the honest scent of leather and decaying ink .
but he only snarled , the scent of coal dust and shoe polish filling my senses .
the scent of fried doughnuts was strong .
the scent of spoiled wine and broken fern grew strong .
i moved closer , the bitter scent of burned cinnamon mixing with the burnt amber stench and making me ill . ` ` stay here and do what you need to do to keep lucy safe .
her voice was light , but i was too befuddled to do anything as she pushed past me with the intoxicating scent of angry vampire , the complex cocktail plinking through my brain to make my skin ache .
that was why ivy had shoved the window open , not to get rid of the scent of her anger or my flash of surprise .
the air was thick with the scent of vampires , evidence of ivy and nina , and nervous , i ran the tap to warm the water as i messed with the soap , head down as i tried to scrub the burnt amber stink out from under my fingernails .
jenks arrowed into the kitchen , bringing with him the scent of ash from the fireplace .
sirens louder , the scent of ivy prickling in my nose .
he and trent were inches apart , and al took a deep breath , hesitating when he noticed trent 's scent and pulled back .
i was starting to be able to pick out nina 's characteristic scent off her .
as we waited for jenks to return from his recon , the memory of our trip out west bubbled up from the recesses , pulled into existence by the faint scent of elf from the back .
the horse 's nostrils widened as she breathed in the scent of the surface demons .
the scent of burning furniture had replaced the acidic bite of burnt amber .
the scent of dust and smoke hung in the air like a haze of sun , and a uniformed man was directing people with fib business elsewhere when the sign saying to take fib matters to the arena did n't do the trick .
it was eerily silent between the two buildings , and the air had an unusual musky vampire scent under the increasingly familiar scent of burning furniture .
the scent of wet carpet rose , thickened , and began to purge the reek of burning skin .
the scent of burning plastic was slowly fading , and i could hear the men moving about in the superhot , increasingly moist air .
he said again , his gaze darting to the windows , and i stood with my feet placed for balance , breathing in the growing scent of angry vampire .
again the shotgun blasted , and the scent of gunpowder overtook the stench of angry vampire .
we breathed in the scent of frightened vampire , relishing the way it made our skin sparkle like the space between mass .
` ` hold on , rachel , '' someone whispered , and i felt the last of the electrodes being plucked from me as the spicy scent of were sparked a memory of david .
my head came up as it opened , the scent of burning city a balm after the stuffy , vampire - incense - rich air .
if it was n't for the sirens and faint scent of burning building from across the river , it might almost be a normal day .
it was more than the scent of smoke and furtive figures traveling from backyard to backyard .
i took a final step forward , mystics bringing back to me the scent of landon 's sweat , the depth of his doubt .
the scent of broken heather grew stronger ; trent was pissed .
the moist - dirt smell of damp pavement was a hint under the light but growing scent of frightened vampire coming from near my elbow .
only now did her anger show , her pupils widening and the scent of angry vampire prickling my nose .
i had to walk right through ivy 's scent , and even with my breath held , i shivered at the touch of pheromones she was kicking out - wafting over my skin like the memory of black silk .
her weight on me was solid , and her scent was tinged with sour acid .
ivy 's shallow breath came and went , her scent obvious under the choking burnt amber reek that permeated the ever - after .
i knew the moment he caught my scent when he froze , then pulled back .
the scent of angry vampire was growing stronger , and i opened a vent .
` ` leaving her alone was a bad idea , '' nina said again , stewing as she filled the car with the scent of unhappy vampire .
` ` better , thanks , '' i said as the clean scent of sea foam overpowered both the scent of sulfur from the match and the reek of burnt amber rising from all three of us .
` ` better , thanks , '' i said as the clean scent of sea foam overpowered both the scent of sulfur from the match and the reek of burnt amber rising from all three of us .
my hand found his fingers , and towing him almost , i headed for the back of the church and the scent of brewing coffee .
whimpering , the captive focused on it , and the scent of frightened vampire rolled into the air .
the scent of ozone , maybe ?
the rank , acidic scent of things that should n't be burned was choking .
i watched her visibly catch herself as the scent of frightened vampire hit her .
elbows hit me , and the scent of fear .
the scent of angry vampire grew , and the man holding ivy grunted as she jabbed an elbow into him .
the scent of spoiled wine pushed out the vampiric pheromones .
landon on the floor , the court papers strewn before him , a scrap of trent 's pants showing from under the pile of guards , the scent of excited vampire stinging my nose .
i 'd make more but i was afraid the scent might wake trent , and i 'd just as soon have him asleep while i finished up the prep for crashing landon 's spelling party tomorrow .
the scent of were was thick up here , and there were signs of a scuffle , hastily cleaned up : the flower vase had no water , and there was a petal stuck to the glass that never would have passed inspection .
the scent of ozone was thick , and jenks 's dust sparked as it picked up the unspent magic .
i shouted , the scent of spent gunpowder making it through the barrier where bullets could n't .
i could smell the broken scent of spoiled wine .
the scent of ozone was thick in the air , and my throat hurt .
in an instant , the scent of antiseptic and bandages was stripped away , the hint of pavement and horse coming to me in the moonless night .
a scent the girl would not be able to shed , as long as the demons stayed with her .
the demon grunted from the pain , the scent of burned hair filling the room .
the scent of smoke and sulfur filled the air .
there was a sharp odor in the air - the scent of impending death .
laila asked , stumbling past the door and into the room , the scent of alcohol accompanying her .
he reached up to dislodge it , but caught nicola 's sweet scent .
the scent of sulfur coated the air .
the scent of sulfur dissipated and the crimson stain of blood vanished from him , his robe cleaning itself as well as his body .
because , if he liked her scent , connoisseur that he was , other vampires would , too .
the scent of him lingered , though , as if he 'd only just left .
the blisters on his skin had even faded , just from the scent of her , and though he was tired , he could function .
a plan that still involved using her scent to attract other vampires .
he knew her scent , her taste , the essence of her branded into his every cell .
bride 's scent did n't heat his blood .
jeremy was his name , and his scent was similar to johnny 's .
any bloodsucker who could resist that sweet scent was stronger than him - and no one was stronger than him .
mckell had mentioned a putrid scent .
during the night , he 'd trailed vampire scents as planned .
he had n't entered , had merely watched from the shadows outside , next to human garbage cans , hoping to mask his own scent .
he strode down the hall , following ava 's scent , but stopped midway as a thought struck him .
he was following her scent .
her human scent .
the vampires ' scent ...
her scent led him to a music room .
his back was to the door , so he could n't see who it was , but the scent was unfamiliar , so he assumed it was a servant .
ignoring the discomfort , the stickiness , he breathed deeply , searching for ava 's scent ... the call of her blood ... an hour passed with no results , and his frustration mounted .
he caught ava 's scent .
he 'd followed ava 's scent , dying inside when he spotted her trail of blood .
therefore , we will go there , and i 'll follow her scent .
` ` i do n't need your scents mingling with the ones already there . ''
` ` there were guards there , yes , but he injured them and they were carted to air , so their scents were useless .
if the scent led to her door , he would ... do anything , he realized .
he had n't smelled her disgusting scent in ava 's building before .
the scent of rot never lessened , so he knew the queen had stayed with him .
the scent of rot did n't fade , though .
part of him expected ava to follow , but he did n't pick up her scent as he headed toward her apartment .
he was panting , pale , unsure , and she could smell the unique scent of him .
the scent filled my nostrils , intoxicating and sweet , as lovely as it was deadly , and somehow suddenly more obvious to me than the scent of waste , rotting food , and charred leaves that made up so much of this domain .
i know this man , his scent , his energy , but his identity escapes me .
i kept running , following his onadyn scent .
the scent of burning wires filled my nostrils .
a bead of sweat trickled between my shoulder blades , and the scent of fear rocked me .
i had trouble drawing in a breath , but when i did , i inhaled the savageness of his scent .
if lucius knew anything about rakas , he 'd know we only emitted that scent when desperately aroused .
i recognized lucius 's decadent scent .
the scent was different , not as clean .
not even his sultry scent could distract me from my unease .
deep breath in , deep breath out - more of lucius 's scent .
the scent could not have masked dirty flesh or rotting clothes .
the scent of charred human flesh blended with the odor of cigar smoke and expensive scotch as the meeting continued .
i can smell your woman 's scent . ''
his nose was broken , yet somehow the scent of urine still taunted him , blending with the metallic aroma of dried blood and sweat .
he must have been near death to have missed it before , because the scent once again infiltrated his senses , the sole reason he drew his next breath .
the touch aroused him as surely as the scent had .
that scent , that glove .
she could have added fragrance like a normal human , but the scent would have clashed with the ` ` natural '' aroma her creators had added .
did he , perhaps , exude something , an undetectable scent , that drugged women ?
no other scents to clutter up her nose and burn her belly .
no wonder his scent was so unassuming .
the few times she 'd encountered her friend 's scent , it had never been this potent , and she 'd soon lost the trail .
as she sat there , panting , she realized aleaha 's scent was now all over her .
even if they were gone , their scents would have lingered .
and if leah had been there , and the scent still remained , bride could follow her trail .
the scent was long gone , she was sure .
she had no idea he kept her on a deliberate path , planting her scent along select buildings and shops .
maybe the stronger her emotions were , the stronger her scent would be .
sure , he could have let the couple walk away and not sent them with dallas to track this latest ` ` sighting , '' but he did n't want the girl 's scent spread too far and wide .
thinking about the spreading of macy 's scent had him wondering how long bride had been searching for her .
aleaha 's scent was all over the building and had led directly to this room .
his scent would be imprinted on her every cell , and she would think of him every time she breathed .
` ` i planned on having a drink with him , then caught aleaha 's scent and took off . ''
the only scent she detected was ... apples ?
she could smell him , a wildness to that rain scent .
why did i only recently discover her scent ? ''
i only stumbled on your scent a few weeks ago . ''
i was afraid my scent had been buried underneath all the new identities i 'd taken , and i guess i was right .
` ` are you doing this to cover me with your scent ? ''
she did the same to another , and then another , until someone grabbed her - devyn , she realized , catching his wild scent .
as she inhaled , she caught the scent of burning cotton and frowned .
the scent of rotten eggs filled the room , as familiar as it was horrifying .
horsey must have fled because the scent of rot was suddenly replaced by the scent of bacon and aftershave , warm breath caressing her cheek .
horsey must have fled because the scent of rot was suddenly replaced by the scent of bacon and aftershave , warm breath caressing her cheek .
he knew it was , for the lies others told always tasted bitter on his tongue , and just then the only thing he tasted was ... the sweetness of her scent ?
a scent of rot wafted from her , evidence of her sudden burst of fear .
` ` i did , '' she said , and the scent of him ... suddenly clinging to every inch of her ... nearly sent her to her knees .
his stupid scent must be affecting her brain .
he caught the scent of her blood and knew she 'd skinned her knees .
right now , demonic bodies were piled around her , the scent of rotten eggs thick in the air , pungent enough to make her gag .
` ` it 's his scent ... '' she replied unabashedly , watching paris 's muscled back until he disappeared in the crowd .
a shot of ambrosia - laced vodka , by the scent of it .
the scent of alcohol and ... zacharel sniffed ... heroin seeped from his pores .
another breath and zacharel realized the scent was fading .
the scent of charred leaves and rotten fish filled the air , wafting on a sudden , frigid breeze .
the scent of rot and diseased blood saturated the air .
he could n't live without her smoke - and - dreams scent ... mmm , or her too - close - to - the - sun heat ... or her fiery claws .
the scent of blood , both old and fresh , saturated the air .
her scent grew stronger .
she would recognize his dangerous champagne scent anywhere .
only a blind man would pass by her - but he would backtrack when he caught hint of her scent .
blood ... a pool of red ... the scent of it in the air ... old pennies .
when the demons realized the scent was mixed with a human 's .
after what had happened in the elevator , thane 's scent was most definitely all over elin .
her nearness ... her scent ... her beauty ... her temper ...
a cold draft of air swirled around him , thick with moisture and the crisp scents of winter .
lucien - he knew it was lucien for he recognized the deceptively sweet scent of death - knelt beside him and clasped his hand .
a scent that was all her own .
` ` i smelled her all night long , and i ca n't stand another second of that thunderstorm scent . ''
` ` he can smell the humans now , and their scents wo n't leave his nose , '' reyes said .
the scent of blood and death had infused the air , blending with the screams .
before remarking on her scent , he 'd been distant but maybe - kinda - sorta interested .
i recognized your scent . ''
after what had happened in this bed , she no longer knew what to do about cronus or how to throw him off the scent of her true desire for lucien .
down a dirty alley she escorted them , the scent of urine suddenly saturating the air .
suddenly he could smell her thunderstorm scent .
inhale his scent ?
he 'd been so near hell , he would reek of its scent for days .
it was a scent he craved with every fiber of his being , but one that was dangerous to his peace of mind .
the voice of an angel , a perfect match for the scent .
` ` her scent is strong , stirring me to battle even now . ''
the scent of sex practically coated the air .
the warrior always seemed to know when the human girl approached , though sabin was n't sure whether he could smell her lovely scent or simply sensed her .
the scent of stars instantly filled the room .
he hated the scent .
his scent perhaps , that wild , night sky scent .
his scent perhaps , that wild , night sky scent .
the material even cleaned him , wiping away bianka 's scent .
the scent of him filled her nose .
i have your scent in my nose . ''
now bodies littered every square inch of the small corridor , the scent of fatality already rising from them.nine of his enemy had survived the attack .
sadly , even that lacked the decadence of sabin 's scent .
wrong scent , wrong curves , wrong voice , wrong texture .
they did n't agree graciously , but they did agree and soon nearly every occupant of the fortress was on the ground , grunts and groans saturating the air , the scent of blood and sweat chasing nearby animals away .
he drew in a deep , shuddering breath , as if trying to sift through their scents for the truth .
another scream , this one blending with the rising tide of pained moans and the wafting scent of fresh blood .
the scent of her arousal was stronger , a sultry night he wanted to lose himself in .
no hint of her scent .
did he know that scent ?
she could smell the fumes , the scent of rotting bodies and brimstone.tears leaked from the corners of her eyes , scalding her cheeks .
she 'd endured that scent most of her life , and had been ecstatic to finally escape it when she 'd left tartarus .
the scent of death clung to every inhalation , stinging his nostrils , promising a reckoning .
she wiggled to get closer to him , settling only when their knees were touching , his wild scent surrounding her .
warm blood leaked from him , and the scent of it tossed the creatures into a feeding frenzy .
his friends were used to him , used to his scent and the need it caused , and were mostly immune .
they left no footprints , disguised their scents and stayed completely out of sight .
he was taller than her by at least five inches and probably outweighed her by a hundred pounds , yet the scent of fear wafted from him , acrid and potent .
` ` each demon emits a certain scent . ''
amid the death , he , too , caught the hint of a scent .
sure enough , kaia 's scent was there .
he knew the scents well , his demon having cohabited with them for centuries .
as he 'd dreaded , she 'd had a price- paris 's body , his demon 's scent arousing her the moment he stepped inside her chamber .
that did n't stop her from trembling as she crouched on the fringes of the crowd and sniffed , searching for her mother 's familiar scent .
the scent of melting skin had hit her nose and she 'd gagged .
someone had worked them into a frenzy using kaia 's scent .
the scent of burning cotton filled his nose .
the scent of copper coated the air .
the closer he was to her , the stronger the scent became .
though she was n't ready to release him , she did just that , pulling back , taking another deep breath and drawing in the dark - chocolate scent of him .
i ' m not a fan of the rotting body scent . ''
at least , he was pretty sure he 'd caught the scent of her arousal while she 'd offered to ` ` service '' him , but he 'd treated her shabbily .
her scent , his .
she sniffed the air , recognized the sky - drenched scent of danika , reyes 's woman .
if the circumstances had been any different , paris might have unleashed sex 's special scent upon the angel .
her scent , her taste , both had been specifically designed to ramp him so high up no one else could ever hope to reach him .
his demon 's special scent .
cameron sniffed , caught her scent and growled .
the scent of sex was not in the air , but fear was , with an overlay of comfort .
but your scent ... '' was the same , yes .
` ` if this petra is following tinker bell 's scent , and she bought a key , tinker bell must have returned to seduire , '' kane said , thinking out loud .
he surrounded her with his heat and his scent ... sandalwood and peat smoke ... and even stopped her from spinning .
the scent of animal and sweat immediately assaulted him .
the scent of coffee and car exhaust and even urine filled her nose .
he caught the scent of plaster in the air .
patchouli saturated the air , a scent he knew far too well .
the closer vika drew to her destination , the more the scent of animal permeated her every inhalation .
now ... she thought it would blend nicely with the otherworlder 's natural peat smoke scent , and she could n't help herself .
he was there , she could feel him , and could savor the intensified scent of him .
his scent , his gaze , his touch , his heat , the calluses on his hands .
i missed your scent and your voice and your laugh and your touch . ''
the desire was somehow as familiar as his scent .
the scent of him clung to her .
he was enveloped by the sweetest scent of passion ... fading ... and the ripe scent of pain ... intensifying .
her scent was stronger now ... tinged with fear ... every step closer to her heated his blood with fury .
of course , they peed on what they wanted , leaving their scent behind .
she was limping again , and he wanted to carry her , but laila 's guards must have caught his scent , because the echo of their footsteps increased , and the sense of magic intensified in the night air .
he 'd never told her that he knew who she was , each and every time she approached , because he recognized her scent .
she was rotten to her core , with a scent to match .
his scent perhaps , that wild , night - sky scent .
his scent perhaps , that wild , night - sky scent .
she 'd dreaded that scent .
the scent of her lingered .
not because the scent of a night rose now caused his c**k to stand at attention .
his scent could reduce a woman to a slave .
` ` it 's caught our scent .
she sure did n't smell like a vampire , did n't have that tangy scent that was coming off kate .
you have the most unusual scent all over your skin .
he was n't even over the locked gate to bonaventure cemetery yet , and the acrid , rank scent of demons already had his stomach roiling , something that almost never happened after so many years as a hunter .
she stopped in the center of the living room , breathed deeply - to catch rome 's lingering wild scent ?
i felt the heat and zap of cody 's body as he approached me , and then i caught the scent of a wild storm .
i breathed deeply , taking in his warmth , his deliciously feral scent .
only his scent remained behind .
the scent of burned hair filled the room .
the scent of rotting flesh fills the air and i gag .
he inhales , his flaring nostrils and scent making me feel as urgent as fire .
5 as her signature scent .
i ' m almost completely surrounded by forest , so much so that even the smell of the water on the back side of the house is eclipsed by the heavy scent of decaying trees and foliage out front .
the vehicle itself had a scent of fast food , as if the owner had used it to store crumpled paper bags and garbage from all the chains .
this was the unmistakable scent of maaskab .
even his scent and vibe seemed other - worldly .
` ` your face is red and your scent is ... '' oh , god .
oh , and his scent .
he sifted out the door and followed her scent around the corner just in time to see the back of her head through a taxi window , with a very recognizable redhead driving .
you are immune to my scent . ''
` ` to my scent and energy , yes .
he rounded the corner and caught her scent .
antonio followed the trail of her scent to another alley ten blocks away .
gods , the scent was just as exotic as the woman .
the potent scent permeated her brain .
king 's scent completely covered me .
there was no sense bringing up the fact that i used to try to smell his scent on the cotton for months after i had ` ` mistakenly '' brought it home .
i could get high on her scent .
the thick scent of rain would rise as it met the dry dirt and hot pavement as the heavens opened up and washed the world anew .
compelled by the scent of adrenaline - the fear - it makes the hunger unbearable . ''
` ` the scent . ''
` ` the scent ? ''
` ` it has my scent on it . ''
` ` i ... it is n't just my scent i want you to have . ''
` ` you might think he 's got some weird spidey sense that can track the scent of another male like a mother to cigarettes on her son 's breath , but i ' m not sure i really care if he finds out i have a guy in my room at night - not right now i do n't . ''
` ` what did you fi- '' but her words stopped short as her steps slowed , and a crowd gathered around them , dogs tugging at their master 's leads , eager to catch the scent in mike 's hands .
` ` no one else here will recognise the scent , but i 'll just cover it up with mine anyway . ''
it made me tense then , knowing i was breathing the scent of death - of life stolen under panic and fear .
but the door was stuck fast , trapping me in this cage with partially decomposed bodies , the scent enough to make me want to stick my fingers down my throat just be sure i had n't swallowed any vestiges of rotten flesh .
i sat very still , covering my mouth to block the scent of fresh vampire blood and urine coming off its body like heat .
i cover his scent for him . ''
` ` like a mask - it blocks the scent , leaving a rancid perfume .
the warm , dead animal smell of her blood wafted up to my nostrils , making the sweet , desirable scent of vampire on my hands seem suddenly so unappealing , like eating a doughnut in a room where someone farted .
` ` so , will this really be enough to disguise his scent on me ? ''
` ` i miss you , jase , '' i whispered , but my breath came back in my own face , thick with the putrid scent of beef or rotting flesh .
` ` with jason here , i can come back more often and no one will question the scent . ''
i spun around a few times , trying to catch his scent .
` ` at least then david can come home sometimes , since it 'd explain the scent . ''
you said you could n't smell any difference in my scent . ''
the thick , warm scent of blood filled the air , burning my nose and throat .
but we all looked up , morg pausing the film , when a loud rap came down on her door , and before she even got off the bed , the tension rose in the room with the scent of mike outside .
` ` god , your scent is so familiar , '' he said in that deep , david - y tone , moving his lips down a few inches , stealing my breath as his tongue parted the hairs in one long sweep upward .
he knew he 'd been given the slip , and i 'd been caught giving him the slip enough that knew i had very little time before he picked up my scent and followed me here .
but we did pick up a suspicious scent around the border of the manor this morning .
somehow , his scent conjured up some feeling - some emotion that should ' ve had an identifying thought to accompany it .
no , if we want culture , we have to drive for it : forty miles to the nearest college town or a couple of hours east to boston , where garrett and i gorge on indian food , art - house movies , and the sweet , sweet mildewy scent of used bookstores .
` ` i did n't want to lose the scent of him ! ''
a few inhaled the sickening scent hanging in the air , snarling and spitting as the stench burnt their throats .
he had more pressing matters to attend to , such as how the damp masked every scent .
he knew his aim was true when the scent of blood rose from the corpse , hanging like a heavy musk in the air between the trees .
her scent made my nostrils flare and my mind spun like the ride .
gone was the scent of cologne and the air was not tainted by the smell of blood either .
i did not even have to be close to catch the scent .
they even make perfumes that contain the scent , which ca n't be much fun for any humans who catch a whiff . '
neither did it smell of blood , although only a sage would ever be able to detect that scent .
i found her quickly , as always , her scent seeming to leave a trail of burdens wherever she went .
as soon as i had recognized the scent , he was sitting up straight again , resting on my stomach , and with yet another shriek of frustration i realized what he had done .
zane snorted and shook his head , though he did turn his head to inhale the scent of ty 's sweaty skin .
finally thrown off the scent , deuce straightened in surprise and took a step closer to ty , lowering his voice when he spoke .
zane led him back to the camp , where ty knew the fire and the scent of more people would provide safety .
he felt like a pit bull , his hackles rising because he didn '' t like the scent of the man .
he d gotten rid of the scent of orange juice and the sticky pulp residue , but he was nowhere near brainstorming through all the possible fallout scenarios of telling ty that ryan had brought him that care package .
especially smell : the heady cachets of forbidden beer , forsaken cigarettes , and old spice , natural earthy musk layered just underneath that , they all combined with the scent of sweat on tys skin , and every time zane caught a whiff , it went right to his gut .
a blizzard would n't stop the men coming after them once the cia caught their scent , though .
his crazy yoga girlfriend has gotten him on board the scent therapy stuff .
ty perked up like a hunting dog on a new scent , and zane straightened from brushing the horse and peered down the barn 's center aisle .
he glanced at ty as his lover paced back and forth , head down , body tense , like a prize hound on a scent .
his horse balked , dancing sideways at it caught wind of the big cat 's scent .
that he tracked ty 's scent here . ''
he tried to throw you off the scent by telling you about lejeune .
barnum the bengal tiger was still out there somewhere , and there was a high possibility he 'd fixated on ty 's scent as something familiar .
he 'd been there , that somewhere you remembered by feel and scent more so than sight or sound .
` ` because '' -she gives me a firm squeeze , the scent of her gardenia perfume threatens to choke me out of the vicinity- '' sometimes a sister just knows .
the gnarly scent of three - day - old fish clots up the air , and i dry heave as it lunges its mouth toward mine .
it was no postgame kegger , not the scent of a blunt lit up the air .
i pick up a branch large enough to be a battering ram and run like hell until the scent of rotting corpses lights up the air - a sure sign of a spectator .
the air outside is thick with the scent of death as an army of spectators swarm the buildings .
as the official austen house cock - blocker she 's pretty much on the scent of any testosterone carrying team member .
then , in a moment , the world changes - the air , the fertile soil , the light scent of a storm on its way - it all feels far too familiar .
the scent of books has always intoxicated me .
no scent , just beauty .
the shadowed halls are empty , and the scent of the copy machine and warm paper thicken the air .
it 's refreshing seeing new furniture in the place , the dank scent of the bishop house long forgotten , replaced with the sweet scent of skyla .
` ` what do you mean , put them on the right scent ? ''
chloe is trying to throw me off the scent .
` ` yes , well , i ' m picking up on more than the lingo - i ' m picking up the disgusting scent of this place .
the fresh scent of a fire bites through my nostrils .
emma has striped his scent away with the manic sterilization methods she refers to as housekeeping .
i push open the door only to land us in the bathroom , the scent of mold and urine biting through our nostrils .
my lips cinch up with the scent of litigation still fresh in the air .
logan always holds a stronger , bolder scent than gage .
* * * downstairs the scent of cheap coffee and crap permeates the air .
their scent has been reduced to the sickly smell of the morgue .
i try to detect the scent of his cologne , but nothing .
` ` and how are you familiar with the scent of s - e - x ? ''
gage could provide the richest high just off his heavenly scent alone .
it charges up the porch and into the house where more howls of terror ensue , followed by the draining of bodies who had the iron stomach to handle the ripe scent of vomit .
the scent of clotted blood , thick as rust , clouds the air .
demetri employed his black magic elves to clean up the disaster and restored the tiny house back to its former indelicate glory , save for removing the scent of vomit from the carpet .
the air is thick with the heavy scent of smoke .
the air begins to smolder , the scent of ash and dust burrows in our nostrils .
the scent from the slaughter is their secret perfume .
chapter 50 suspicious minds the bowling alley holds the scent of fresh popcorn , the thick smell of pizza dough rising in the oven , and unfortunately , the somewhat pungent odor of used shoes .
a wild shag of flaming hair appears before me so close i can smell the scent of something burning , a foul odor layered just beneath the smoke .
we stain our conscious with the vivid details of sight and sound and scent , even what the goofball with us had on and whether or not he looked like a moron .
its scent precludes the lot of us but nature gives rise to the caveat .
logan feels real in every way , but his scent is gone , his essence is all that truly remains .
the scent alone acts as a bookmark to an entire era of my life .
i rest my head on ellis ' chest - try to ignore the fact that his cologne is overpowered with the scent of something far more illegal .
* * * trying to get rid of logan and his scent is like trying to scrub lighter fluid off your body with matches .
never did get the scent of vomit out of those towels , '' she squints into her admission .
calm is restored all around us , nothing but the sound of my erratic breathing , my uneven heartbeat drumming out of tune - the scent of burned flesh .
the last thing i want is to ruin my time with gage by way of logan 's scent .
its aggressive scent wipes clean the palate of logan 's gentle reminders .
the scent of smoke fills my nostrils as the room turns strangely dim .
clearly the scent of crap does not dissipate as easily as one would think .
i think somewhere along the way i got caught in a tangle of wires that led to their hearts and fried on the spot - only i was too busy trying to hack my way into their affection to notice the charred scent .
the scent of barbeque is thick in the air by three - thirty .
it 's dark , smells like piss with the faint scent of an artificial deodorizer that 's long since expired .
before i know it his hand is roving over my back , his woodsy cologne penetrates the vicinity , and it 's not until then do i even realize i miss the scent of a man .
` ` right , '' i respond sarcastically and try to pull back so i ca n't smell his musky scent .
and he could feel her gliding her nose along his neck , taking in the scent of him , an odd thing for a human to do but it aroused him greatly .
the scent of her was unbelievable .
the scent of f**king vampire .
your mate or partner 's scent was a massive aphrodisiac but it was another way your senses recognized a loved one .
it was part of the claiming ritual for the male to coat the female with it , spreading their intermingled scent , a physical representation of their connection , to mark his territory after the claiming .
even though , if he caught the scent or liked the look of a female human he would n't hesitate in taking her , until sonia , he preferred she - wolves and they made up the bulk of his bed partners .
his nose taking in the scent of her .
maraleena ( she 'd learned the woman 's scent ) .
she 'd never given herself the time to make the connection before but his people 's scents were different than hers .
he heard her boots coming closer as he smelled her scent getting sharper .
` ` but , i 'd never smelled it before except when - '' ` ` the scent wears off quickly , definitely by morning . ''
he stared through the dark trees , his body tensed as the scent came closer .
he could smell her scent from outside and that scent , her scent , all that was left of his sonia , he could n't bear it .
he could smell her scent from outside and that scent , her scent , all that was left of his sonia , he could n't bear it .
he knew her scent because he knew her .
i know i caught your scent , even if it was only lingering , i followed it and i ran and ran and then i heard you howling and i ran right to you . ''
` ` of course you do , just not your kind of scent is it ? ''
her fear was as delicious as her face , her hair , her eyes , her br**sts , that ass , her f**king scent which had practically brought him to his knees the minute he 'd entered the selection and caught it .
` ` it 's been over five hundred years since i caught a scent as extraordinary as leah 's . ''
he ignored his friend 's muttering and carried on , ` ` i caught leah 's scent twenty years ago .
as edwina said , leah was in her bedroom though he knew this since he heard her heart beating and smelled her scent the moment he entered the downstairs hall .
and her scent was strong enough to overpower the vodka he also caught mingling with her essence .
her legs opened , one calf wrapping around his hip and he caught the scent of her excitement .
` ` it 's your scent , leah .
your natural scent mixed with the scent of your sex is overpowering . ''
her scent has driven you insane . ''
her fear spiked , the scent of it filling the hall and he felt his c**k start to get hard in reaction as he felt her heart tripping against his chest .
she was panting , her heart racing , rampant fear in her scent but obstinacy and rage was in her eyes .
he stopped only steps into the unit 's living room because he caught a familiar scent and heard a heart beating .
the scent of his aftershave .
that was all she left , except the vague scent of her perfume in his bedroom and his tee folded on the bed she 'd made , a tee which held a not - so - vague hint of her perfume .
then he rolled to the side and he could smell the scent of her f**king hair on his pillow .
` ` she 'll calm down as soon as she gets used to your scent , '' mike said , coming back to me .
` ` thinks to put us off the scent , '' colt noted .
i 'd inhaled the scent of a variety of men 's colognes but not one was that alluring .
and thus it began , it was about touch , taste , scent , sight , sound ... and trust .
can they track scent ?
` ` i do n't like this scent , '' he grunted , a hand gliding up my side .
` ` that is , as you know , your grace , your specifically requested scent .
` ` your scent , '' perdita stated and my body jolted as my head snapped up .
the scent was .
the scent suited her .
abby ignored her brain registering she very much liked his scent .
then nothing was in his head but the scent of her .
they were both watching her and abby opened her mouth to say something to throw them off the scent .
it still , unfortunately , worked on abby because it came with the scent of him , the feel of him and the memory of how good they could be .
and she breathed in the scent of him .
she smelled his scent .
in her ear , she could hear his heart beat and against the skin of her cheek , she could feel it and all she could smell was the scent of him .
since that day when douglas told her ( not asked her , told her ) , he was going to marry her , she had n't used her normal scent .
she still had the scent of his cologne in her nostrils and she knew she was losing ground fast .
hearing that , feeling her , seeing her , her scent all around them , prentice lost control .
her scent came back to him .
i decided to take the path of least resistance , choosing a topic that would throw her off the scent ( in other words , i kinda lied ) .
the problem was , after that scene , the rock chicks were on the scent .
in fact , she found the notion so repulsive that when her heart fluttered in his presence and her breath grew ragged , she attributed it to a sickness brought on by his masculine scent .
` ` for six days you will be cursed with her scent , her laugh , her walk , her smile .
i nodded , drunk off his scent .
` ` he must have been attracted to your scent .
` ` during mating season , the spider senses can often be affected by the scent of arousal .
my curtains were pulled back letting in a light breeze that would lull me to sleep in seconds - had it not been drenched in nat 's scent .
her scent was on me , i knew it like the back of my hand .
the scent of london always affected ash in a negative manner .
she stormed out of the room leaving the scent of lavender in her wake .
there 's no telling how much the putrid night air could take away my scent , you know . ''
` ` oh that 's okay i just- '' ` ` stop arguing mo , i wo n't bite you ... not with his scent all over your skin .
the wind shifts , bringing the scent of battle : gunpowder and something i can only call death .
the scent of charred flesh singed my nostrils , but the smell was not unpleasant .
i caught the barest , faintest scent of him , soap and sandalwood and smoke , and in that moment i felt not loss but need .
the fiery scent of spilled whiskey mingled with that of his old books .
she halted next to the desk , the scent of herbs and blood clinging to her .
unfortunately , as much as he was enjoying the feel and scent of his beautiful companion , he could n't shut off his mind as it shuffled and reshuffled through the implications of his secret no longer being so secret .
zak was seated at his desk in his private library when the scent of blood had him lifting his head to watch as anya stepped into the room .
the scent of death swirled through the air .
reaching his office , his steps slowed as he caught the unmistakable scent of candle wax and blood .
` ` i have hunters trying to find callie 's scent and the techs are working on tracing her phone , '' wolfe said .
he had no explanation , but he could catch callie 's scent mingled among the warriors .
charging forward , he was mere steps away when his rage was shaken by a faint scent of blood .
in the distance he could detect the faint scent of drake .
it was a scent that at the moment he barely noted .
there was another scent , however , that was far more distracting .
the scent of miss hadwell .
a scent that was growing ever closer .
once in the bright summer sunlight , he paused to allow his eyes to adjust and then used the scent of miss hadwell to guide his feet across the garden and down the narrow alley .
at the same moment , however , mr . ramone 's distinctive scent filled the air and she froze .
not when the scent of her filled his senses .
there was no scent of the vampire among the endless clutter of buildings or the numerous prostitutes who plied their wares upon every corner .
despite all her bluff and bravado there was an unmistakable scent of fear in the air .
unconsciously she pulled away from his tall frame , her nose twitching at the vague , unpleasant scent of cold steel that seemed to shroud about him .
shimmering heat cloaked about her and the faint scent of ... what was it ?
gideon stepped closer , his senses fully aware to every sound and scent that filled the alley .
still he continued to follow the faint scent that tristan had left behind when he had fled simone 's home .
the haunting scent of tristan was much nearer .
no , not a man ... a pure - blooded were , she quickly corrected , catching the feral scent of his wolf .
cautiously she sniffed the air , catching luc 's enticing scent that blended with the humans that filled the building .
she bent over him , her expression hard even if she could n't disguise the scent of her smoldering arousal .
` ` whoever threw the brick had already taken off , and there are too many scents to pick out a specific person . ''
` ` the witch promised me that the amulet would disguise my scent completely . ''
then , as he caught the scent of wariness threaded through the rich spice of her desire , he heaved a small sigh , catching her hand a mere heartbeat before she captured his shaft and put an end to any coherent thought .
he stilled , the scent of his wolf filling the air .
counting down the minutes until she could politely bring the audition to a close , sophia was startled when she caught a familiar scent .
the same scent she 'd caught mere seconds before she 'd been shot by the dart .
the rich , male scent .
he 'd already caught the scent of ripe peaches .
the emerald eyes flashed with annoyance , but she could n't disguise the fluttering beat of her heart or the potent scent of her awareness .
` ` and before you condemn me to the netherworld , you are sensible enough to realize that there are hundreds of scents , most of them excessively unpleasant , that mask any particular trail . ''
it would not entirely disguise their scents , but it would hopefully mute them enough to avoid attracting unwanted attention .
juliet shook her head , ignoring the urge to gag at the putrid scent of unwashed bodies and human waste as she stepped to peer into the gloom of the cavern .
the stench filling the air warned him that they were still dangerously near the docks , but thankfully there was no scent of the jinn .
` ` it is capable of absorbing our scent . ''
` ` it can be divided and left in several tunnels , ensuring our scents are in many places instead of just one . ''
then , returning to the carriage , she used the short time during the drive to the docks to activate the amulet with her and victor 's scents before splitting it into several small pieces and handing half of them to victor to spread through the tunnels .
she might not possess victor 's vampire senses , but she was certain she could catch the faintest scent of gargoyle .
hoping that she was on the track of levet and not some other gargoyle , juliet squeezed through a narrow opening , banging her head on the low ceiling as she struggled to follow the scent .
trembling from the effort of holding her vision in place , juliet fell to her knees , her stomach heaving at the scent of burning flesh that suddenly filled the tunnel .
he could still recall the damp , musty smell of the barren cave that had been edged by the unexpected scent of an approaching thunderstorm .
debating that pertinent question , uriel belatedly caught the odd scent of brimstone .
` ` the scent of tiger lilies , '' he husked .
kata stiffened at his blunt words , even as she knew the scent of her stirring arousal was no doubt blatantly obvious to uriel .
her breath caught , the scent of her swift arousal perfuming the air .
flowing with a speed only a vampire could match , he was swiftly at kata 's side , his senses on full alert at the familiar scent of demon .
he did n't recognize the strange scent , but it was making his instincts bristle .
` ` never , '' he swore , tucking her tightly against his chest as he followed yannah 's fading scent down the pathway .
` ` what sort of scent ? ''
` ` i would recognize the scent of blood , my sweet . ''
that last lesson had been the hardest and best learned , which was why he had not directly headed for the coven , although he had managed to catch its scent only a mile from the abandoned factories .
if some of the witches had fled , he should be able to follow their scent .
` ` i am the only one who knows their scent . ''
it carried with it a scent she could only presume had something to do with nature .
the scent of female desire .
' they won't- '' ` ` we have been commanded not to taste of you , '' the first of the intruders interrupted , stepping close enough for her to be cloaked in his rich , spicy scent .
a predator on the scent .
or even searching for the scent of the strange demon .
a scent that now held his own blood .
' you told me you were going to lay a false trail and pick up the scent of that demon . ''
you should be able to follow the scent of his blood . ''
he paused at the road , sniffing the air until he caught the scent of the demon traveling away from the city .
unfortunately , despite the delicious scent , he felt no urge to drain the pathetic creature .
he could smell the sweet heat of her skin and beneath that the sharp scent of fear .
the footsteps crossed the room , and dante detected the scent of iron in the air .
there was the sharp scent of blood ahead of him .
the fainter scent of the shalott led him through the empty library to a small closet that had been locked with three iron bars .
he might have laughed at the absurdity of the scrawny man attempting to bully his way through towering demons , but he did n't miss the scent of sour desperation that clouded about him , or the blackness that darkened his soul .
the scent of her potent blood was enough to make any vampire hard and aching .
without windows in the doors it was impossible to determine what was locked in the dark , but she could catch a musty , snake scent of a reptilian demon followed by the spicy , almost herbal scent of a powerful imp .
without windows in the doors it was impossible to determine what was locked in the dark , but she could catch a musty , snake scent of a reptilian demon followed by the spicy , almost herbal scent of a powerful imp .
giving a shake of his head viper turned to follow the scent of his clansman toward the back of his house .
there are few who can hide their scent from a vampire . ''
unfortunately , he could only imagine one demon strong enough to defeat the trolls and yet possess the magical abilities to hide his scent .
he paused at the smooth line of her thigh , the scent of her blood pulsing beneath the skin nearly overwhelming .
they were still too far away for him to pick up their scent , and he had never possessed dante 's keen ability to determine different species just by their power .
they could n't kill a vampire , or even a shalott , but they would remain on their scent no matter how far or fast they ran .
they carried the scent of both him andshay .
hopefully enough of a scent to distract the hellhounds long enough for them to escape .
he had caught the scent at the same moment as his companion .
` ` your scent must remain or styx will know you are no longer in the warehouse .
he could sense shay moving farmer away , but the scent of her , still hung thick in the air .
they shared a brief moment of remembered pain , and the dante was once again on the scent as they weaved their way through the increasingly narrow streets .
there had been no means of keeping pace with the automobile , but the scent of so many vampires had been enough for her and levet to follow .
inching ever deeper beneath the bluffs she at last caught the unmistakable scent of vampires .
instead there was not a one to be found as she caught the distinctive scent of viper .
it would take only one stray pebble being dislodged , or one wayward breeze blowing his scent the wrong direction and his head would be decorating the farmhouse wall .
as it turned out , shay was so intent on trying to move with the same quiet grace of viper that she nearly missed the narrow tunnel where she had first caught the scent of humans .
the scent of troll was definitely stronger .
` ` but why would they be in these caves and why would they hide the scent of the troll ? ''
brackish water oozed down the walls , puddles dotted the stone floor , and the heavy scent of death and decay hung in the air .
staying on the scent of the troll viper paused as they neared a large cave .
of course it did help that while he could detect the scent of over a dozen vampires , he had yet to actually run across one of the beasts .
the feel and scent of him was enough to make her blood rush and her stomach quiver with anticipation .
` ` i can not speak with you in this manner , '' he chastised even as the scent of her filled his senses .
unconsciously stroking his hand over a photo of darcy walking down the street with a faint smile upon her full lips , salvatore abruptly raised his head as he caught the scent of an approaching cur .
but there were times when she was close to a man , and the scent and touch of him sharply reminded her of what she was missing .
even over the stench of garbage and human waste he could detect the unmistakable scent of were .
on the point of calling for every vampire in the state to begin an all - out search , styx paused as he caught the unmistakable scent of fresh flowers .
hell , what man would n't struggle when there was a beautiful , half - naked woman standing so close he was wrapped in the scent of her warm , tempting skin ?
the scent was faint , but unmistakable .
or it was until he caught the unmistakable scent of vampire .
styx was braced to strike when the vamp came close enough for him to recognize the familiar scent .
there was a crunch as the bone and cartilage of the cur 's muzzle was smashed at the blow , but maddened by the instinct to kill and the scent of his own blood , the cur continued to struggle forward .
he was certainly a pureblood with a talent for masking his scent .
the heat , the scent , the feel of her was cloaking him in a dark bliss .
his expression did n't ease as he caught the familiar scent .
perhaps not a shocking scent in most chicago homes in winter .
it was hardly the first spot anyone would look for her , and since it had been nearly gutted by a fire about three months before , she had a vague hope that the herd of vampires who were no doubt on her trail would fail to catch her scent among the lingering odor .
a perfect means to disguise her own scent .
although darcy 's scent was thick in the air , it was obvious she had already fled .
` ` it is impossible to track a scent over an ocean , even for purebloods .
there does n't seem to be any sign of a struggle and no scent of blood , '' viper soothed .
` ` damn you , viper- '' styx began , only to come to a halt as he caught the unmistakable scent of vampire .
` ` well , this goddess would rather be living in a comfy apartment that 's in dire need of a good dusting , and close enough to the mall that i can catch the scent of prada handbags , '' abby confessed , with one of those smiles that invited the world to join in her happiness .
even with her eyes closed , darcy would know the touch of his hands , the scent of his body .
it had been slightly more difficult to follow his scent through the suburbs and out of town to the farmhouse that was astonishingly close to viper 's lair , that styx had so recently been sharing with darcy .
` ` they always tend to gather when there 's the scent of money in the air . ''
the scent of this woman was invading him , setting his soul on fire .
morgana waved a hand before her nose , her own scent of pomegranates filling the room to cover the hag 's stench .
anna felt better after a long , icy shower that helped to ease the sexual tension and washed away cezar 's sandalwood scent .
` ` i ca n't detect magic , but i do know the scent of death . ''
` ` something that carries their scent . ''
` ` once adars have the scent of their prey they are capable of casting a spell that will lead them straight to their quarry . ''
` ` because the scent of her will linger .
it had been less than ten minutes since they had realized she was being hunted , but in that short time styx had gathered his servants to search the grounds for the adar , darcy had brought anna 's possessions to take with her , and levet was busy conjuring some spell that would supposedly destroy any scent that anna might leave behind .
` ` i think we should go , before the adar catches our scent . ''
what he did sense , however , was the nearly overwhelming scent of vampires , blood , and fairies .
his sandalwood scent made her heart pound , but his touch offered a comfort she could n't yet explain .
` ` we must trust that styx managed to rid us of the demon before he caught your scent . ''
they had n't even mentioned the fact that he was covered in the scent and taste of her .
` ` did levet catch its scent ? ''
there was a frozen watchfulness about the stranger , the sense of a predator on the scent of his prey .
` ` how did you mask your scent ? ''
not an easy task when she could hear the flap of gossamer wings and the scent of granite was thick in the air .
the only plus side was there was n't a damn portal in sight and the sickening scent of pomegranates had been replaced by the scent of recently plowed dirt and fresh air .
the only plus side was there was n't a damn portal in sight and the sickening scent of pomegranates had been replaced by the scent of recently plowed dirt and fresh air .
` ` levet ... '' anna abruptly stiffened , alarm bells ringing through her mind as she caught the unmistakable scent of apples .
chapter 16 anna squeezed her eyes shut , ridiculously praying that the scent would simply disappear .
of course the scent did n't disappear .
and that scent ... apples .
i will never forget your face ... or your scent , '' she replied , her smile smug .
there was no scent , no sound , no tangible sign that anna was near .
the recently plowed ground was no impediment as he streaked through the night , the faint scent of apples only spurring him onward .
there was no sound , no scent , no indication that she was n't completely alone in the darkness .
he was even aware of the scent of the demons that patrolled the grounds outside .
or even the scent of burnt linoleum that clung to her clothes .
` ` there is something that feels fey , but the scent is ... '' cezar hissed at the gargoyle 's uncertainty .
` ` curse your hide , the scent is what ? ''
for the past ten hours she 'd been on the imp 's trail , following his scent from st . louis to the edge of hannibal .
angling back toward the main highway that snaked through town , regan ignored the scent of food that wafted from the few fast - food restaurants that remained open .
okay , he was hot enough to make her bones melt , and the scent of raw male power was making her head dizzy , but ... stop it , you idiot .
` ` i lost the scent of the damned bastard at the edge of hannibal . ''
that 's where i picked up your scent . ''
there was the usual stench of trash that filled the nearby dumpsters , the scent of humans stirring to prepare for their early morning shifts , and the unmistakable tang of burnt flesh and blood .
no sound , no stir of the air , not even a trace of his scent .
` ` it 's a connection , but for all we know the curs slaughtered culligan and covered his death with the same magic that hides their scent .
her scent was exactly blended to stir his deepest hungers .
jagr headed toward the back of the cave , cursing as he caught the scent of regan 's unease .
and now he was once again forced to hold her close enough to torment him with the scent of her freshly scrubbed skin and hot blood .
or the scent of raw power flooding her senses .
running her hands over the black leather pants that hung low on her hips and matched the barely - there halter top , sadie was debating between returning to the shed and enjoying some quality torture with her captive , or going on the hunt , when a familiar scent had her rushing across the room .
and , ah ... his scent .
` ` they would follow your scent to the gates of hell to have the pleasure of killing you . ''
not a scent , not a track , not even a stray hair .
jagr might have been offended if he did n't catch the unmistakable scent of her desire whenever he was near .
they must be cloaked by a spell to cover their scent . ''
he had less than a beat to catch the scent of smoke before a bottle crashed through the window of the rv and exploded in flames .
not only was there the hope that the wounds regan had managed to inflict on the cur would overcome the witch 's ability to mask his scent , but he needed to make sure that his own trail back to the cave was properly covered .
and overall , the cool , exotic scent of power that could only belong to jagr .
already he could catch the scent of her arousal perfuming the air .
` ` does lightning have a scent ? ''
` ` i ... '' his words came to an abrupt halt at the same moment that regan froze - an unmistakable scent floating through the air .
` ` no , but without a scent we 're incapable of hunting them . ''
our scents are already spread through the area , so unless they actually see us leave the cave they wo n't know we ' ve slipped beneath their noses . ''
` ` they should keep your scent lingering for days . ''
it had been an unpleasant shock when the unmistakable scent of salvatore had invaded her territory .
and to top it off , she 'd followed the scent of the curs to the cave , only to discover that not only was regan being guarded by a vampire , the king of weres , and his curs , but there was a damned gargoyle in residence .
` ` circle around the gargoyle and let him catch a scent of culligan 's blood .
there 're two of them that not only have our scent all over them , but come complete with a bed and hot shower . ''
like jagr , the vampire carried the potent scent of danger .
` ` do you recognize the scent ? ''
he 'd caught the plum scent of an imp two hours ago , and had eagerly been on the hunt since .
just like the scent of imp that had led him to this precise spot .
regan abruptly halted , realizing the scent of peach had grown considerably stronger .
` ` her scent was n't masked ? ''
` ` how does a cur mask her scent ? ''
she caught the distant scent of a dew fairy and the even more distant scent of a hellhound prowling through a dumpster , but nothing leaped out to eat her , so putting down her head , she called upon her considerable powers and plunged through the fields and meadows with a speed only a vampire could match .
she caught the distant scent of a dew fairy and the even more distant scent of a hellhound prowling through a dumpster , but nothing leaped out to eat her , so putting down her head , she called upon her considerable powers and plunged through the fields and meadows with a speed only a vampire could match .
despite the lingering scent of vamp and were , sadie did n't have to reach the entrance of the cave to realize that it was empty .
at last she lay down on the bed , desperately hoping to catch the lingering scent of jagr , only to discover whoever had come in to clean the lair had changed the sheets .
regan jogged across the open fields , keeping her senses alert for any scent of jagr .
at last , she caught and held the scent of peanut butter fudge .
a smile of absolute pleasure curled her lips as he weakly attempted to lift his head , clearly sensing someone had entered the shed , but too disoriented to recognize her scent .
` ` the hexes would block any scent . ''
` ` the amulets hold a spell to mask the scent of anyone wearing it . ''
` ` and announce my scent to every were and vampire who has flocked to hannibal ?
his first thought was that there was no scent .
with his eyes closed and the creature 's scent masked , jagr silently measured the sound of the footsteps .
no scent .
i managed to slip past the curs on guard , but without the amulet they 'll soon catch my scent and come to investigate . ''
distantly she could sense the bothersome drain of the hexes that lined the cell , and the lingering scent of jagr 's desperation , but she concentrated on the crashes echoing from above .
` ` and her scent was n't outside the building .
once i had the scent , i searched until i ran across it again . ''
following the unmistakable scent of power , jagr moved through the surveillance rooms to a large library , complete with plasma tv .
even at a distance , the scent of rotting peaches filled the air .
that , and the complete absence of scent .
` ` i may not possess the same hunting skills as your ravens , but i know salvatore 's scent .
in the distance , he could smell the scent of salvatore 's curs spread throughout the surrounding woods , and something else .
` ` hess , '' jagr growled , recognizing the pungent scent .
` ` and none going out , '' jagr muttered , easily detecting the scents of salvatore and levet .
it could n't be the heavy scent of death that made his nerves twitch , or his fangs lengthen .
instantly , the scent of were blood filled the air .
` ` they always leave a confusing scent . ''
if he caught scent of her , there was nothing that would keep him from tossing her over his shoulder and hauling her to his lair , whether she liked it or not .
after all , it was n't the sound of his voice or his erotic scent that had jerked her from her light slumber .
the scent of cur was still strong , but he was beginning to pick up the distant scent of other curs , and ... pureblood .
the scent of cur was still strong , but he was beginning to pick up the distant scent of other curs , and ... pureblood .
it was unlikely the cur would recognize salvatore 's disturbing reaction to the female 's scent .
there was a blast of cold air and a hair - raising scent of evil , then the were seemed to simply melt into shadows .
there were no windows , no furniture , not even a blanket , but the muted scent of wooden logs gave away their location .
he never moves from one lair to another without her casting a spell to cover his scent , as well as anyone with him . ''
she could snap and snarl all she wanted , but she could n't conceal the scent of her arousal .
` ` that scent is driving me mad . ''
salvatore stilled as a familiar scent of granite whispered through the air .
abruptly , harley realized that salvatore 's scent had disappeared .
he did n't know enough about magic to know how close he had to keep the thing to hide his scent , but he was n't willing to take any chances .
` ` when i get my hands on her , i 'll ... '' salvatore stiffened as the scent of cur tainted the air .
it was practically an invitation for the headstrong were to bolt , knowing he could n't track her scent .
alarm trickled down his spine as the scent of rotting meat filled the air .
the scent of blood filled the air , making harley 's stomach clench with dread .
` ` they 'll eventually stumble across our scent , '' she pointed out .
the scent is familiar . ''
she shivered , the scent of her arousal spicing the air .
harley felt a prickle of energy and the heavy bolt slid shut just as she caught santiago 's approaching scent .
salvatore 's tension eased as santiago 's scent faded .
he demanded , his hand tightening on her arm as the air thickened with the scent and sounds of the gathered crowd .
she stiffened , the scent of her arousal perfuming the air .
` ` you carry my scent because you 're my mate . ''
` ` you covered me in your scent to scare off other men ? ''
if he had his way , harley would be carrying his scent for the rest of eternity .
` ` besides , the scent will fade in time . ''
` ` but it 's more than just the change in my scent .
with unnerving speed he was standing directly in front of her , his nose flaring as if he were testing her scent .
why do you carry salvatore 's scent ? ''
he had even smelled his scent changing , becoming were .
harley caught the unmistakable scent of vampire and ... human ?
he 'd been prepared from the moment he caught the scent of his servants outside the graveyard to have them used against him .
he might not be able to follow briggs 's scent , but the spineless worm could n't hide the nasty iciness that clung to him like a shroud .
snarling with impatience by the time the vampires had thoroughly scouted the area and at last allowed her to enter the caves , her temper was n't improved when she realized there was something suppressing her ability to follow salvatore 's scent .
oddly fascinated by the sight of the mighty vampires bending to the will of the tiny woman , harley was caught off guard by the faint scent that briefly stirred the air .
harley breathed deeply , shaking her head when the scent evaporated as swiftly as it had appeared .
the scent had been so fleeting it was impossible to be absolutely certain .
on the point of turning back and trying another path , harley caught the unmistakable scent of smoke .
then gritting her teeth , she ignored her perfectly reasonable fear and instead concentrated on the scent of salvatore that at last broke through the dampening spell .
over an hour passed before caine at last caught the scent of something besides damp rocks .
the faint scent of ... were ?
the hint of familiarity in her scent had already prepared caine for the female 's striking resemblance to harley .
tossing aside the remote , she sucked in a deep breath , recognizing the scent of her sister .
but now , he could n't deny the subtle change in his scent and the growing power that was altering him with every beat of his heart .
more than once he caught the scent of hess and briggs , but the trails were too old to have been made after the collapse of the caves .
` ` i thought i caught caine 's scent , but it ... '' she broke off her words with a shake of her head .
` ` it was the scent of a pureblood . ''
salvatore 's face was set in bleak lines as he followed the scent down the culvert and then up to the road .
taking in another breath , she ignored the vile presence of briggs and concentrated on the scent of curs .
it was no surprise to find their scent laced with a combination of fear and frustration .
it was a surprise , however , to realize their scent came from the shed , rather than the cabin .
the scent of pack .
it took a long moment to realize the scent was coming from him .
with a belated attempt at self - preservation , briggs scrambled backwards , the putrid scent of rotting flesh thick in the air .
she 'd thought she was being so clever when she 'd initially allowed the vamp to catch her scent .
she had been running blindly the past few days , backtracking and taking side tunnels until she had no idea where they were , but there was no missing the unmistakable scent of a nearby river , which meant they still must be near the mississippi .
she 'd been so distracted by tane she 'd failed to notice the unmistakable scent that filled the air .
still debating , laylah abruptly darted behind a stalagmite as the scent of vampire filled the air .
` ` i came across your scent when i went out for my evening hunt .
or even the approaching ... she frowned at the musty scent of granite .
the faint scent of rain from overhead .
` ` laylah , we do n't have long until your scent begins to stir unwanted attention . ''
` ` i ' m more interested in the scent that 's already here , '' she snarled .
` ` what we need is a witch who is willing to sell us an amulet to hide our scents , '' she countered .
already laylah 's scent was spreading through the tunnels .
he 'd been suffering with a primitive need to claim laylah from the moment he 'd caught her scent in the tunnels .
with every passing second her scent was spreading through london , attracting demons like a homing beacon .
easily aware of her surging arousal , tane pushed from the door , uncoiling like a predatory cat who was on the scent of his prey .
he could easily detect the silver dagger hidden beneath victor 's shirt and catch the scent of the handgun tucked in an ankle holster .
she 'd instantly been able to detect the lingering female scent in the tunnels .
and now , just when she had been teased with the promise of her scent , she 'd once again been denied .
i kept my scent disguised while she was in my care . ''
the scent of jinn .
she slid forward , the scent of expensive perfume and cold malice wrapping around laylah .
` ` juliet cast some sort of spell over the scrying bowl that allowed uriel to catch the female 's scent .
the male scent that made her think of things that were illegal in some states .
there was the unmistakable scent of were before a tiny woman with short blonde hair and green eyes that dominated her heart - shaped face entered the hangar and crossed to stand at styx 's side .
not surprisingly styx shot him a disbelieving glance before the scent of burnt wiring had him crossing to his desk .
laylah , however , pressed a hand to her chest , the scent of her fear spiking the air .
` ` can you hide our scents long enough for us to escape ? ''
caine spun toward the empty fields , catching the unmistakable scent of vampire the same moment as laylah .
caine 's scent was musky as his wolf prowled to the surface .
the scent of herbs carried on the breeze , and something much worse .
lost in her sickening sense of failure , it took a moment for laylah to catch the scent of burning skin .
` ` what do you ... '' her words came to an abrupt end as she caught the scent of herbs .
she reached to pull the handgun from tane 's pocket , sensing that jaelyn and ariyal had brought a sudden end to their battle as they too caught the scent of the approaching intruder .
` ` you know nothing , '' the sylvermyst was accusing ariyal , his scent of herbs edged with the putrid taint of madness .
or perhaps it had been from the moment she 'd caught his rich , earthy scent that was a combination of herbs and pure male power .
he sucked in a deep breath , his body instantly hardening at the biting scent of female power .
if he had n't possessed the heightened senses of a powerful fey , he would n't have caught the dilation of her eyes , or the faint flare of her nostrils as she reacted to the scent of his desire . ` `
in the distance she could sense a park with dew fairies dancing among the trees , and a handful of hellhounds sniffing along the thames river , but it was the thick scent of herbs that had her bracing herself for the slender male form that barreled from behind a hedge to knock her back to the ground .
although the scent of the couple was spread throughout the house , his senses were acute enough to pick out their last trail .
still , whatever his troubles , his magic was obviously working just fine as he managed to cloak his scent and approach them without warning .
reaching the bottom of the steps , jaelyn paused as she caught the unmistakable scent of granite coming through the front gate .
her scent is lingering on you . ''
the crimson blood spilled down the ivory skin of his chest , filling the room with the scent of death .
what he did n't expect was the unmistakable scent of vampire .
she felt so good pressed against him , her dangerous scent stirring his senses and the cool brush of her power teasing his overheated skin .
she had followed cassandra 's scent to this location .
the air stirred and santiago stiffened in shock at the unmistakable scent of a female pureblood .
` ` her scent was masked by a spell , '' nefri explained .
ariyal 's scent .
the scent of her desire spiked the air before she was roughly shoving him away .
` ` i thought i caught the scent of cur near the creek .
she filtered out the mundane scent of the native wildlife that scampered in the underbrush and even the approaching scent of gargoyle .
she filtered out the mundane scent of the native wildlife that scampered in the underbrush and even the approaching scent of gargoyle .
she could catch the scent of a nearby cur , no doubt the shooter , and moving closer was that oddly muted scent .
she could catch the scent of a nearby cur , no doubt the shooter , and moving closer was that oddly muted scent .
ariyal abruptly recalled the scent of cur that he 'd noticed earlier .
` ` there 's also a creature who is capable of masking his scent , '' she confessed , unaware of his erotic fantasies .
and more distant , the stench of curs as well as the strangely muted scent that was troubling jaelyn .
she muttered , picking up her pace as she skirted past the trees and crossed the stream , where she caught the scent of a wounded hellhound .
` ` it might be that someone will recognize one of the scents . ''
` ` i have no knowledge of a vampire capable of disguising his scent so thoroughly . ''
she lost track of time as she stood there ; then the distant scent of blood abruptly destroyed her full - blown bout of self - pity .
there was no sense of jaelyn , of course , but with an effort he could catch the scent of his fellow tribesmen despite the wizard 's dampening spell .
it was impossible to make out individual scents , but he had what he needed .
the scent of sylvermyst thickened , but instead of following the rich aroma of herbs , he darted into a narrow cave directly above them .
the sharp scent of valla 's fear filled the air .
jaelyn took off for the door , desperately trying to shut out the female 's scent of absolute terror .
along with the granite scent of levet and ... sergei ?
as if his fading scent could give her some sort of clue to where the mage had forced him to go .
` ` my guess would be a vampire , but it was able to disguise its scent . ''
` ` all i could find was the spot of your portal mixed with the scent of levet and sergei , '' she accused .
styx lifted a brow , as if caught off guard by ariyal 's ability to detect the distant scent .
there was a rustle from the trees that lined the nearby graveyard before the unmistakable scent of granite wafted on the air .
` ` and he must have an amulet to mask his scent . ''
and it was becoming even less comforting as she caught the distinct scent of the wizard in the distance .
even his scent had been overwhelmed by the acrid stench of brimstone that made jaelyn 's stomach churn in revulsion .
who knew if she 'd ever be able to track him in the damned fog if she lost his scent ?
it was , at last , the scent of detergent and the realization that the gown had been recently washed that made him stiffen in horror .
she growled in frustration ; then they both stiffened as they caught the faintest scent weave through the air .
he drew in a deep breath , trying to capture the elusive scents as they disappeared as swiftly as they appeared .
ariyal stiffened as the purebloods ' scent was replaced by two others .
resuming his pacing , styx was futilely attempting to remind himself of the virtues of patience when he detected the familiar scent of his brother , along with a less familiar odor .
more distant was the scent of were and sylvermyst and ... mage .
ariyal rolled his eyes as he caught the unmistakable scent of granite .
viper tilted back his head as he caught the lingering scent .
` ` cassandra , '' styx said , easily recognizing the scent of his mate 's twin sister , who had recently been revealed as a powerful prophet .
his gaze dipped to her lips , the scent of his wolf filling the air .
with a frown his fingers shifted to the fangs that suddenly throbbed at the distant scent of human blood .
narrowing his gaze , he belatedly realized the scent of human was coming from inside the house .
on cue , he caught the scent of peaches that always seemed to cling to the witch and moments later there was a light knock on the door .
just a flick of her hand and , abracadabra , his scent was gone .
` ` it will remove more than just your scent . ''
she licked her lips , the scent of her fear teasing at his senses .
` ` you have no scent , no ... presence .
was there anything sweeter than the rich scent of warm , female blood ?
the brave , noble thought had barely crossed her mind when she ruined it all by breathing a tiny sob of relief as she caught the familiar scent of caine 's approach .
then she caught the unmistakable scent of his arousal .
he breathed , his heart thundering beneath her lingering kiss and the scent of wolf suddenly filling the air .
the sudden sound combined with the scent of brimstone had him spinning around , the glock in his hand .
even when she was lost in the dark mists of her visions , when she was blind to the world , she could catch his scent nearby and know that nothing could harm her .
` ` doubtful , but we should be able to pick up ingrid 's scent and track her from there . ''
` ` if i ' m going to pick up ingrid 's scent i have to get closer . ''
and no scent of curs .
we can pick up her scent there . ''
` ` i do n't smell ... '' she stiffened as she realized there was n't any hint of her sister 's scent in the air .
sally demanded , her nose wrinkling as the potent scent of blood saturated the air .
and the scent of their escalating desperation .
` ` there was a masking spell that should have dampened our scent , '' he said , his hand reaching to brace on the glove box as she began to pick up speed .
although dawn was nearing , he followed the scents of the curs to the kitchen .
she gasped , the scent of her arousal spicing the air .
but it was the musky scent of her wolf that made his heart slam against his ribs .
he whispered , his body trembling as his canine fangs erupted from his gums at the scent of her arousal .
as if sensing her fear , caine crouched , no doubt excited by the scent of her panic .
it would hopefully give her the necessary time to disappear before he could pick up her scent .
the parking lot was empty , with no scent of any intruders and no sign of a struggle .
and why could n't he catch their scent ?
with every passing second cassie 's scent faded a little more and the beast did n't give a shit that this demon might or might not hold information that could help them find their female .
as if to remind him that the vile costs were n't over yet , the scent of fairy blood filled the air .
` ` maybe , but his lack of scent will alert the ravens long before he can get to the babe . ''
there was no sound , no scent , no sense of anything but death claiming its latest trophy .
he stated the obvious , catching the scent of the vampire along with a sour hint of growing madness .
` ` you ca n't follow his scent ? ''
` ` i picked up his scent . ''
with a deep bow , gaius turned to disappear in the swirling mist , following the distant scent of were .
or maybe he was savoring the scent of dinner , she wryly conceded , waiting for him to stand directly in front of her , his blue eyes glowing with the power of his wolf .
then she caught the distant scent of vampire .
the air was edged with a distinct chill as he descended into the darkness , and pulling his sword from its scabbard , styx followed the thickening scent of fairy .
she did n't have an answer , but even as caine started to turn back toward her , the unmistakable scent of vampire filled the air .
but the scent was familiar .
then his dark thoughts were interrupted by the unmistakable scent of vampire .
his golden gaze snapped in her direction , the scent of his wolf thick in the air ` ` the cur traveling with gaius ? ''
they passed through a sitting room with a blue and silver decor and she had a brief impression of delicately carved furniture along with a large crystal chandelier that was reflected in ornately framed mirrors before they were entering a long marble hallway that held an unmistakable scent of female weres .
at last reaching the end of her patience , cassie was at the point of demanding that her sisters take her to caine when the scent of approaching were had her rising to her feet and turning toward the door .
tracing salvatore 's scent , she followed it to a narrow staircase that led down to the basement level .
reminding herself that she was wasting precious time , cassie squared her shoulders and followed caine 's fading scent down the nearest tunnel .
she was forced to double back twice when she caught the scent of an approaching vamp , but at last she reached the narrow passage that led to caine 's cell .
her steps were halted , however , by the distinct scent of granite that teased at her nose .
levet took a step forward , his scent of concern drenching the air .
she was pulling back in raw disappointment when she belatedly caught the scent of his musk .
her eyes widened , the scent of her agitation making caine howl in fury .
if she caught a scent of the phoenix near the rift , her desire for revenge might overcome her need for caution . ''
and while he could sense the doorways she 'd ripped through the veils , and occasionally catch the scent of demons as they sought to use the openings to spill from their particular hell dimension , he could n't push his way through them .
` ` here '' looked exactly the same as ` ` there , '' but gaius 's disinterest was shaken as he caught an unmistakable scent drift through the thick air .
the cloying scent of death was almost overwhelming , but for all the killing on both sides neither appeared to be winning the war .
the scent of burned flesh mixed with the charred odor of sulfur and a foul stench of a rotting carcass .
his last thought was n't of death or sacrifice or even the scent of yannah that suddenly filled his senses .
there was the scent of anxious were before she was pulled off her feet and hauled against a broad , naked chest .
` ` follow my scent . ''
no one else carried precisely that scent .
at the same time the nearby sylvermysts leaped into the growing fight , the herb scent of their blood swiftly filling the air .
` ` the bastard did something to mask his scent along with our previous bonding .
the scent of damp earth and the thick moss that edged the banks of the nearby river .
it was n't until she caught the scent of brimstone that she moved forward .
certainly no other vampire could make him hard by her mere scent .
` ` can you catch his scent ? ''
` ` the last time you called the shots , this time- '' his words broke off as he caught the unmistakable scent of granite approaching the back steps .
there 's no scent to follow . ''
of course , her luck had been downright shitty over the past few years , so it really should n't have been a surprise when the door to the dungeon opened and she caught the distinctive scent of a powerful male vampire .
` ` there was a scent of humans in the area , '' she speculated aloud .
` ` her scent was distinct and fading , '' nefri said , making a mental note to tell the oracles that there 'd been something odd about the witch 's scent .
` ` her scent was distinct and fading , '' nefri said , making a mental note to tell the oracles that there 'd been something odd about the witch 's scent .
santiago growled , but before he could express his smoldering frustration , there was the rustle of leaves above them and the pungent scent of granite .
with every step away from the path , the ground became more treacherous , a scent of rotting vegetation seeping from the thick layer of moss and duckweed .
she also noticed a faint scent of gunpowder that warned there was a gun hidden somewhere nearby .
it was the scent of female harpy that pulled him out of his fantasies and back into the living room to discover charis had returned , a smile of invitation on her beautiful face and her lean body still naked .
he was far more interested in the scent of jasmine and feminine power that sliced through him like a bolt of lightning .
what was it about that maddening scent ?
and your scent of peaches . ''
about to remind her that she 'd given up the right to trust when she 'd disappeared on him without a word , he caught a faint scent wafting beneath the doors .
he could feel the sanded grains beneath his fingers , just as he could catch the scent of polish .
gaius 's fangs lengthened , the scent of fresh blood overcoming even the stench of brats and sauerkraut .
with a last , longing glance at levet , the small demon abruptly disappeared , leaving behind the scent of brimstone .
strolling forward , he crouched down to meet her gaze , enjoying the scent of plums that was spiced with a combination of fear and fury .
he leaned down to savor the scent of her heated blood .
` ` he would realize the minute i appeared without your scent that it was me . ''
charging over the threshold , he released his hunter instincts , discovering the scent of a male vampire combined with the rich smell of peaches .
headed toward the open window , he was momentarily distracted by the faint scent of blood .
` ` then why- '' jagr bit off his words as there was an unmistakable shift in the air pressure before the scent of granite filled the air .
sally sucked in a deep breath , ignoring the heavy scent of vampires that filled the musky air .
she bit her bottom lip , the scent of her lingering terror making roke twitch with the need to rip the spirit into painful pieces .
roke turned back to the cottage where he could catch the distinctive scent of peaches .
he followed the scent of peaches into the main room of the cottage , discovering levet flitting around the sparsely furnished space and sally standing beside the empty fireplace , her spine rigid .
even if i was n't bonded to you i could detect the increased beat of your heart and catch the scent of adrenaline . ''
to replace the scent of another creature with his own .
he tensed , his senses on full alert as he caught the scent of her subtle fear .
the intruder was demon , but the scent kept shifting , as if it were n't entirely stable .
it was the scent of brimstone that yanked him out of his broodings , making his tail twitch in warning .
there was n't much to see , but his gargoyle senses could detect the vast spiderweb of caverns beneath his feet and catch the scent of river water that wafted on the breeze .
the scent of her stirring arousal had to be blatantly obvious to roke .
the scent was all around them .
` ` i think there 's something about you that the fairies consider worth risking dangerous spells and the unmistakable scent of a vampire to leave these gifts . ''
this time , however , when they stepped through the illusion there was an unmistakable scent of decay .
` ` there was one set of tracks and a dozen different scents . ''
he 'd encountered demons capable of disguising their scent .
shoving the tray away , sally slowly rose to her feet , the faint scent of granite replacing the chilled stench of female vampire .
the scent of granite followed behind him .
slowing his pace as he caught the recent scent of vampires , roke searched the darkness for any hidden guards .
or why she absorbed the scent of sexy male and raw power as if it were necessary to her very survival .
the scent of wine saturated the air , sariel clearly not pleased with her explanation .
but the unmistakable scent of cyn arriving at the mansion had him sliding silently out of the bed and taking a swift shower before he was dressed in black jeans and matching tee with his usual moccasins that molded up his legs to his knees .
not to mention catching her scent from a freaking mile away .
levet abruptly poked his head between them , his snout wrinkled as if catching a bad scent .
eventually , however , she became aware of the sharp breeze that cut through the material of her sweatshirt and the scent of granite that assured her levet was near .
she caught the scent a mere second after roke .
hell , he could even catch the scent of peaches .
` ` but the truth is , when she is around me , the scent of death fills my nostrils .
death was something vampires got used to , the scent becoming as familiar as the smell of strawberries or freshly baked bread .
the room was growing quiet , and the scent of human blood was neutralized .
somewhere in the kitchen , i could hear the clinking of plates and i caught the scent of dinner cooking .
my mouth watered at the scent , but i was too mortified by the idea that borys had already tasted her blood to even start craving her .
i was aware of her presence , my heart pounding at the very scent of her .
every sense i had was filled with sofia claremont - the scent of her , the feel , the taste , the sight , the sound of her sweet voice humming our song .
the scent of fresh blood invaded my nostrils .
the elder stood up and dragged me closer to the woman , pushing my head down so her scent was now intoxicating me .
` ` yuri and liana , you 're in charge of detecting their scent and leading the way toward them .
i raised my nose in the air as she drew closer , taking in the scent of her own blood .
the scent of her blood now bringing my senses into overdrive , i did n't hesitate for another moment .
yet here they were , circling in on me , more and more being called by the scent of my blood in the water with each second that passed .
they know what you want to hear and try hard as anything to get my sniffer dog ass off their scent so they can live happily uneducated and unsupervised on the streets .
` ` thanks for throwing that guy off our scent . ''
anything and everything she could think of to keep rafe off the scent .
but as her heat , her scent , the sweet taste of her mouth pushed him to the edge , with her wrists still tightly restrained above her head in one of his hands , rafe used the other to shove on the condom .
when he kicked the horse into a trot , it was n't the sudden movement that stole all the breath from lori 's lungs , it was grayson 's warmth , his strength , his deliciously male scent ... and the swift rush of desire that she did n't have even the slightest prayer of ignoring .
he could n't miss the slightly seductive tone to her voice , or the fact that her scent was pure , rich sensuality .
her scent , the way the pulse raced at her neck , the fire that leapt in her skin even as she tried to hold it - and him - at bay ... there was n't a part of her that did n't interest and attract him .
if she could have bottled his scent , she thought with a sleepy satisfaction , she 'd surely make millions .
he did n't need her to tell him what she needed because he needed it , too , needed to taste every inch of her skin , needed to know the feel , the scent of her all over .
needed to taste more of her , needed to know if the scent of her arousal would be as sweet on his tongue .
her scent , her taste , the feel of her .
she smelled smoke in her hair , in summer 's hair , and she scrunched her nose up at the dark scent of fire that felt like it was seeping from their pores .
with his plans for the evening falling apart one soaking - wet minute at a time - along with the fact that he was trying to repress the way her scent was driving his senses crazy - chase 's voice was gruffer than usual as he offered , ` ` look , i ' ve got a free place for you to stay for the night .
she closed her eyes , but even with that sense gone , chase was everywhere , his scent , the sound of his breathing , his warmth against her bare skin .
sabbath , who 'd gone back to eating after devlin left , lifted his head at the new scent .
as soon as he caught her scent , he nickered and reached forward , letting her stroke the velvet of his muzzle .
he was snoozing in the far corner but as soon as he caught her scent , he looked up and came ambling over .
that scent .
there was a scent coming off him , and she recognized it as what she 'd smelled when that man had approached her - and unless she was reading things wrong , it seemed as if that was what was making him so sick .
it was when the pair had finally stopped , when there had been no more creaking , no more muttering , no further scent of cigarette smoke , that she had come out of the room she 'd been given .
he shut the door before some change in scent or temperature or draft alerted her .
she must have destroyed fifteen different scent containers .
recognized the scent of him and the way he touched her and arched against her and got in close .
just as she was finishing up , the scent of something clean and fresh brought her head around .
the astringent witch - hazel scent that preceded the brother was a clear tip - off that somebody was feeling pissy .
clicking the light off , he focused on the hunting cabin up ahead that seemed to be abandoned to the cold weather : no stream of smoke curling out of its stone chimney , no glow of illumination - and most important , no scents of anything .
a female human , going by the scent .
he was going to check on layla , and then crash out - the scent that drifted over to him was n't right .
and then there was also the unmistakable scent of sex ... .
how could the guy not have recognized that foreign scent on his own lover ?
` ` i ' m sorry ... i just ... he came in through the door and i caught the scent , and i just lost it .
by the scent , he knew who it was .
qhuinn dragged his fangs down abdominals that were rock tight , and the scent of himself on blay 's skin was a marking that he knew he 'd done on purpose .
it was so pathetic , but the last thing he wanted was to wash blay 's scent off his skin , but he was being driven mad from it .
chapter thirty just as the shutters were rising for the night , layla heard the knock upon her door - and even before the scent drifted in through the panels , she knew who had come to see her .
he demanded , nostrils flaring as he clearly caught the same scent qhuinn had .
there were no scents to catch , however ; the underground level was hermetically sealed .
the scent of the blood back then had been very specific .
and the scent upon the cold wind of this night was the same .
the woman skied right up to within five feet of where he was , getting so close he could catch her scent not only in his nose , but down the back of his throat .
and even still , there was the scent of her blood upon the air .
her luscious scent was tinged with a sharp , acidic overhang : anxiety .
hell , even he caught the surge of his bonding scent .
from what he understood , they had to wonder whether their mates were fertile every single damn time they had sex - evidently , they could n't pick up on the subtle changes of their females ' scents .
there was no overwhelming scent of blood .
no scent of blood .
she had n't checked the time , but given that the shutters were up and there was no scent of dinner being served down below , it was probably in the middle of the night .
it was qhuinn ; blay knew by the scent even before the tall , powerful figure registered visually .
his burglar put down her window , and the scent of her arousal made him hard .
her scent was ambrosia to him .
whatever the hell it was , she was nearly getting high off the incredible scent .
her stare was steady and strong , as if she were assessing him on some level deeper than sight or hearing or scent .
your scent , your voice , your eyes ... this mouth . ''
but he could smell the scent .
at once , he realized she was trembling , her robing transmitting the movement - and indeed , there was a heavy undertow of fear in her scent .
the scent of a male 's arousal rose thick in the air , and incredibly , her own body responded to the call .
as she reached the top of the stairs , she found the doors to the study open , and her man was where he hated to be - curled over acres of paperwork done in braille , his huge shoulders blocking out most of the carved throne he sat in , his talented fingers tracing line by line , his brow furrowed trench - deep behind those wraparounds- both her man and george , his beloved service dog , looked over as if they 'd caught her scent .
crunching through the remnants of white china plates , he followed the scent that had commanded his attention .
even with the stench from his friend with the meat - hook bow tie , the copper scent of fresh blood preceded whoever it was .
but sola had been different since the moment he had caught her scent as she 'd trespassed on his own property - and the idea that benloise had taken her ?
but more to the point , and as with the reception rooms , there was no scent from sola 's presence nor that of gunpowder or fresh blood .
the muffled answer was as unintelligible as the scent of burned meat upon the air was clear .
triangulating the rushes of air , the scent of the female fighter , and the sound of her bare feet coming at him with a louder cadence , he knew she was approaching front - on in a crouch .
payne ... '' he reached out into the empty air , smelling the remnants of her fear as well as the scent that came with impending death .
someone had caught the female 's scent .
god , he hoped she did n't catch the scent of his arousal .
as they got to the second - floor landing , her scent became stronger - which confirmed they were headed in the right direction .
just the muffled pant of the stabbed guard 's dying breath and the copper scent of blood from his gut wound .
but sometimes firsthand was the only way to go : he wanted to catch the scent of the physician when the male spoke .
but the scent of her anxiety and depression were too well known to him .
was also aware of a scent that had suddenly entered the scene .
` ` hey , big guy , yup , we 're both still here ... '' stroking the retriever 's broad chest , he buried his nose into that fur and let the scent of good , clean dog work some aromatherapy on him .
as soon as trez heard the knock across his bedroom , he took a deep breath ... and yup , her scent preceded her , drifting in under the door .
at first , he thought his brain was playing tricks on him - but no , that was the scent of fresh blood in the room .
fucking hell , her scent was flaring into his nose , her blood running fast and hot as his own .
don't- '' as the scent of that arousal grew even stronger in her nose , she peered inside .
as saxton walked over , his scent was all about the not - good .
and really , totally not the fact that she was laid out on the fur rug , her br**sts bare to his eyes , her sex ready for the taking , her scent all about the aroused .
and he knew that not because he caught selena 's scent ... but because he caught his brother 's .
breathing in , wrath recognized the scent .
he caught the scent of fear , yes - but there was something more .
as the others arrived one by one or in small groups , he could tell by the scents who entered and in what order .
for truth , lack of knowledge of that female 's existence , of her scent and the taste of her blood , of those shattering , stolen moments in that car , would have been such a boon to him .
as layla repeated what she had uttered , her scent was infused with the sharp spice of fear : ` ` you may have me . ''
just as he opened his mouth to tell the guy f**k , no - the wind changed direction and he got hit in the face with a cream pie full of lesser scent .
and after he 'd been discovered fighting downtown , he 'd agreed anew to put up the daggers but for ceremonial work - and since then , the scent of his shellan 's disappointment had been enough to keep him in line .
and yet even through the hypoxia , his female 's scent was strong with purpose and conviction , her natural undertones sharpened so they got through to him clearly .
all at once , the shit about the throne and the other reasons they were doing this went away : as he caught the scent of his leelan , all he thought of was that she was everything to him - and not just because she might well be saving his throne , right here and now .
in response , selena 's face gave nothing away , but her scent said it all : the sadness came out of her very pores .
his wife 's scent certainly did n't suggest a health emergency - and that tone of hers was annoyed , not panicked .
` ` hey , jm , '' wrath said , nodding in the direction of the male 's scent .
as there was nothing that carried the scent of the blood of their kind , she sighed in relief .
her scent was in the air ; he knew she was in there .
the second he caught her scent , he stopped .
afterward ... come to think of it , her scent had changed - deepening , although not in the way a vampire female 's would with pregnancy .
` ` do you have scent ? ''
dearest virgin scribe , was she really- down at the base of the rise , a figure presented itself out of thin air - and as the breeze shifted directions , she caught the scent .
the scent of blood was thick in the air .
the scent of burning metal and gas filled the air , the heat from the flames reaching us even through the doors .
a guard pushed the door open , and the scent of burning metal and cold , fall air eddied through the lobby .
the heavy scent filled the air , choking her .
renna backed up until she bumped against a rack of servers , her fingers digging into the steel supports to keep her upright as his heat and scent enveloped her .
she took a steadying breath before turning to finn and leaning close enough that she could smell his shampoo , the scent of his skin .
she hated that she recognized his scent .
the air hung heavy and sluggish , the scent of metal making her nose itch .
there was another scent there , too , just at the edge of recognition , but when it did n't come to her , she focused on scoping out the rest of the facility .
she wrinkled her nose as he moved , the scent of sweat and dirty clothes rolling off him in a cloud of stink .
the scent of unwashed bodies and decaying fruit hung like a fine fog over the square , coating everything it touched .
the scent of spilled alcohol mingled with disinfectant , and her boots squelched against the floor as she made her way to the bar .
she sniffed it , but there was no scent , no clue as to what it might be .
behind it came the other scent she always dreaded : the choking , burnt - sugar odor of clay .
there was the typical spaceport odor of starfuel and exhaust in the background , along with the scent of food from the nearby bazar and the steel - and - glass tang of the towering buildings at the center of the city .
the iron - rich scent of his blood mingled with the odor of decay already rising from his body .
she took a shaky breath , still breathing through her mouth to avoid the scent of death , and tried to push away the horrors around her .
the scent of your arousal is driving me mad , '' he told her urgently as he spread her legs wide , leaving her pu**y exposed and vulnerable to him .
she was n't sure what scent he used , but it drove her crazy .
her scent was the straw that broke the camels ' back and for the first time in a long while , i found myself crying .
the chemical scent of cleaner burned my nose , and my heart pounded against my rib cage , trying to get in every last beat it could before it stopped .
i stepped inside , my hands trembling , but i knew there was no point being afraid of an empty house , no matter how strongly my mother 's scent lingered .
if henry could create these beautiful jewels , why could n't he at least give them the illusion of having a scent ?
caleb and holly had stared at susan 's body through a small window ; they 'd been separated from her by a wall and a glass panel , so caleb knew he had to be imagining that he could n't rid himself of the sweet , cloying scent of death .
she was thinking about ken 's scent on the coat and how it made her pulse race .
by the time he called it quits , it was getting dark and he felt like a bloodhound who would n't give up on a scent .
the dogs picked up a scent and chased it to where we found some tire tracks , but every white truck we ' ve stopped has n't been the one they 're driving .
where had she noticed that scent before ?
and it was no wonder she 'd recognized his scent .
her confession hung in the air like the scent of gunpowder .
it had to be him , for there was no other like him , and she remembered his scent all too well .
taking gail 's hand , to throw any curious onlookers off the scent of another disagreement , he led her at a measured pace , nodding and exchanging greetings as they passed through the other guests to an expensively appointed back room , one that 'd been designated for his use .
to get out of its way , brandon stepped close enough that she could pick up his scent in the air that blasted into her car as the truck whooshed by .
he rolled toward the scent , breathing it in , remembering .
the wind carried the scent of animals and he heard some distant clucking , so there was probably a chicken coop next to the barn .
the scent of his clothes , his body , made nausea roil in her stomach .
or maybe she was only imagining that she could pick up his scent because she wished he was with her .
the scent of her on his pillow .
the scent of bacon seemed to pervade the whole house .
a second later , that male scent was gone , replaced by the sausage in her homemade lasagna and the garlic butter on the bread .
she smiled - she 'd just been thinking the same thing but about a completely different scent .
he 'd agreed to show amy where he 'd found sheridan , and he 'd volunteered to take the hounds out to see if they could pick up the scent of her attacker .
` ` it would carry his scent . ''
` ` the same way they distinguish between all other scents . ''
there was something unsettling about that scent , about this man 's presence ... . did she know him ?
the hounds i used to own would never shut up , and they raced after anything with a scent . ''
she 'd smelled the same scent there .
he had his dogs smell sheridan 's car to pick up her scent , then ordered them to find her .
cain knew her scent was strong there , but she was n't anywhere to be found .
the scent of wet wood , wet earth and garbage combined to help camouflage what she thought she detected , but she was sure that something or someone was buried down here .
and just the scent of her as she curled around him was enough .
the scent of cigarette smoke had accompanied lorenzo 's appearance in her house .
she could smell turpentine in the shop , the scent of tomato plants drifting in from the garden .
as he swept by , lucky caught the scent she 'd noticed last night .
but last night was the first time she 'd ever gotten close enough to connect a specific scent to him .
if not for the scent of bacon and - she sniffed again - eggs and onions , she might never have gotten out of her warm bath .
the scent of clean male .
and it sure as hell did n't explain the distinctive scent of a burned - up engine .
he could recall the scent of the baby so vividly ... . ` ` that 's convenient . ''
the scent of her mother 's grilled onions became almost overpowering .
steam rolled out of the bathroom behind him , adding a bit of atmosphere , and delaney could smell dampness and the scent of his shampoo .
she could smell his scent in the room - subtle but unmistakable .
they still have the distinctive scent of the wearer , which means they came into your possession too recently .
the scent of harsh chemicals hung heavy on the warm air , like the smell of an overripe peach , suggesting someone in the area was cooking dope .
the minute he said it , she caught the scent , too .
but the instant she caught nate 's scent , that mix of clean male and leather that would forever differentiate him from every other man , the memory of slipping into his bed to ` ` surprise '' him came to her as vividly as the night she 'd done it .
he had no idea what she was searching for until he smelled the distinctive scent of fingernail polish .
he caught the scent of some oil or perfume just before he heard rachel whisper , ` ` upstairs in the enlightenment hall , second room on the right . ''
the scent of his cologne was stronger here , and one of his robes had been tossed over a chair .
there 's a near - visible trail of scent , which reaches out and tugs the customers after him .
the senses have their limits , and we can never know how short they fall in revealing to us the truth of a vision , a scent , a sound .
the scent of metal and urine wafts up from the seine , but even this barely registers .
i 'd wear the t - shirt , but i do n't want to lose his scent .
he does n't mention the return of the manuscript - nor the fact that i left its pages wildly out of order - but he does say this : i ca n't believe how much i missed your scent .
years pass - it must be years , because the mild seasons change , and i ' ve nearly forgotten the scent of olympus - and we have a son .
no waxy residue , no trace scent .
her mouth closes with a snap , and i feel the smallest tweak of conscience , for her scent is fine .
fortuna catches the scent of the approaching riders just then and tosses her head .
` ` not with balthazaar 's scent all over you . ''
his words bring a hot flush of embarrassment to my face and i want to explain how his scent came to be all over me , but that desire wars with the command not to speak with any of the men .
` ` they have your scent now and can hunt you anywhere .
indeed , it is as if the wildness and ferocity of the other horses is some scent or eldritch sickness that she herself has caught .
the creature has grown used to my scent after our weeks riding together .
his scent reaches me first : the rich clean scent of earth and spring leaves accompanied by the faint whiff of leather and horse .
` ` there is every need , as i do not trust you any more than i would a fox who has caught scent of a hen house .
when we got into hunter 's truck , i was immediately hit with the scent of his cologne .
` ` i want the scent of your body all over me , on my bed ... and the feel of your bare skin pressed against mine . ''
i do n't even need to look to see who it is because i can smell the dirt and grass mixed with the clean scent that cooper carries about himself .
it jerked its snout around jude 's face , picking up the scent of him .
i think he recognizes your scent . ''
` ` i think i 'll start the pain for my mistress , bring you to her with the sweet scent of blood on your skin . ''
she stepped closer , as if he 'd piqued her curiosity , and she circled him , whiskers prickling as she investigated by scent .
down here , he smelled rust , a hint of mold , the musky scent of animals , and a faint hint of machine life .
not her scent , as if she were secretly frightened of him .
he smelled like he 'd been working on cars in the late summer heat , but his scent was so familiar that i did n't mind .
he did n't smell of beer or smoke , but the clean scent of pool water and soap .
better to get them off the scent .
the scent of her sweet , hot pu**y tortured my sanity .
even a few feet away , i caught his scent , the gorgeous spicy , musky smell that woke up all my senses .
there were tables and dealers , and the girls who typically danced on the stage were walking around in itty - bitty outfits , handing out drinks and sitting on the laps of old men while the scent of dirty money and choking smoke from cigars filled my lungs .
the sounds of heavy fists hitting flesh and the coppery scent of blood soon filled the small space .
we made plans to meet at a diner close to the precinct titus worked out of , and i finished trying to wash dovie 's memory and scent off of my skin .
the acrid scent of gunpowder burned my nose as i rolled over at the same time titus did .
i know that 's kind of illogical - that 's it 's not really his scent , only a memory of it - but it 's still there and i suck it in , holding my breath as if i can swallow it and make it part of me .
and his scent is the only thing in my head .
i focus on his scent as we make our way through the house , counting each step , each racing beat of my heart , each unstable breath .
` ` i ' m sure they 're just worried , '' i tell her as i back down the driveway , pretending that i ' m not hyperaware of her scent filling up the cab .
the scent of dying flesh .
the moment i catch the scent of bacon , though , i know lila is up and cooking .
there 's something very familiar about the scent , too ...
i know what pot smells like and that 's definitely not the scent of pot .
the first thing i notice is the scent of him everywhere , cologne and cigarettes .
i subtly lean away from him , his scent becoming too nauseating .
' gym scent ? '
desperate to protect myself from the scent of the treatment , i wrapped a towel around my head and went back into my room in search of a distraction .
` ` we thought you 'd smuggled in some sucky soap or something , because your scent matrix has been kind of ... '' was she trying to say that i smelled ?
the trees , the grass , the very earth should have absorbed it like soot or smog , but instead , i could make out only the scents of the wolves present .
through the bond , i could feel him sorting his way through layers and textures , scent upon scent upon scent .
through the bond , i could feel him sorting his way through layers and textures , scent upon scent upon scent .
through the bond , i could feel him sorting his way through layers and textures , scent upon scent upon scent .
` ` it 'll be easier to track the scent if i shift . ''
he took another deep breath , pushing his way past the overwhelming scent of blood .
` ` the scent is different .
` ` i lost maddy 's scent at the river . ''
i asked , uncertain how close lake would have had to get in order to pick up on the scent .
` ` she slept on these blankets every night , so her scent would be strong , regardless . ''
through the pack - bond , i could hear chase 's racing thoughts , and lake 's , and i realized that beneath the pungent scent of iron and human flesh , they could smell something else .
but now all of that darkness was bleeding off her , like radio waves of pain - and her brother , her dead brother , was standing there in front of us , with a body that bullets passed straight through and a scent the others could n't quite grasp .
a scent present at the wyoming murder .
chase could barely grasp griffin 's scent .
maddy closed her eyes , and as chase inhaled beside me , he caught a scent , too faint for my human nose to pick up .
through the heavy scent of homemade gravy and pies baking in the oven , i could n't even pick casey 's scent out of the crowd 's , but what i was feeling now had nothing to do with the five senses and everything to do with my psychic bond to the pack .
i asked quietly , trying to place the wolf 's scent but thrown off by the smell of blood and the mewling sound now making its way out of the creature 's monstrous hybrid mouth .
` ` i caught his scent , and it was n't pretty . ''
that thought in mind , i breathed through the unmistakable smell of snake bend in the air , noting that it was tinged with antiseptic and something that smelled like coffee or chocolate : the boy 's scent , separate from the smell of his pack .
we were home , and underneath the familiar pack scent , my senses registered something else .
at school yesterday , none of the weres could catch her scent , and she says she has a way with weapons , that once she takes aim , she never misses a shot .
peripheral or not , he still had the same reaction to the scent of a foreign pack .
they claimed not to have crossed over to our side of the border , but there were so many of them , the scent was so thick - i could n't tell for sure whether that was a lie . ''
as i turned to face him , i caught a whiff of a second scent - juicy fruit and plastic - and realized that he was n't alone .
stop thinking about the scent of danger in the air , the indescribable buzzing that told me that something in our pack was off .
through the bond , he felt solid and heavy , and there was the faintest whiff of vanilla and cedar in his scent .
he did , and slowly , the scent of foreign wolf receded , until the only thing in this room was us .
there was n't a place in the country someone could hide from a dozen alphas once they had his scent .
smell came first , the way it always did , and i recognized the person speaking to chase because underneath the familiar scent of stone river , he smelled angry .
i knew more about closing off and opening up bonds than just about anyone , but still , the rush of scent and the oily feel of a snake slithering down the back of chase 's neck took me by surprise .
the distinction between my scent and the others ' was the difference between someone who 'd spritzed themselves with body splash and someone who sweated it from their pores .
i wondered at the additional component to the rabid 's scent but did n't let it throw me .
` ` scent , genotype , craigslist - i do n't care .
this guy 's a hunter , and i 'd be very surprised if he did n't already have my scent .
and then , silently , he turned to lily , and with a small smile , he huffed out a breath , allowing her to catch his scent .
the truck seat was filled with the scent of spilled bourbon and as i went to climb in , a bottle fell into the street , shattering on the concrete .
his scent was still on it .
i followed the scent toward the bathroom and lost my breath at how handsome he looked .
time got away from me again after my shower , in which i scrubbed every inch of my body hoping to rid myself of any remaining hints of his scent .
even the scent drove her crazy , and she closed her eyes to savor every bite .
his scent was familiar .
` ` if you want me to let you go , you need to stop pressing your pretty ni**les against my chest as you say so , stop getting closer when you ask me to let you go , '' he murmurs , rubbing his nose against mine , and his closeness , his scent of forest , his warm breath , his lips so close i can almost taste them , trigger a flood of need between my thighs and a hot , aching ripple in my sex .
my size , my scent , my height , me .
the scent of him dizzying me , while my eyes ca n't see him and feel starved .
he draws me closer to his chest , clearly savoring the feel of me , the scent of me .
the scent of airplane is suddenly choking me .
it drew him as surely as her scent and the subtle challenge that she radiated .
the crisp night air carried the scent of garbage from a large , commercial - sized steel container .
the scent of the drug was almost gone .
funny how the scent of fried fish permeates your clothes . ''
her scent was a powerful , arousing drug .
it had the same unique , intimate , compelling impact on her senses as his scent and the sound of his voice .
the small task gave him an opportunity to examine the curve of her neck and get a whiff of her scent .
close enough to catch her scent .
but this unique scent that belonged to owen was different .
the scent in the air was primal .
the ripe , compelling scent of her arousal was a potent elixir .
her scent changed , too .
from the scent , it was annette 's blood , not someone else 's .
aside from the scent of blood , a harsh aroma hung in the room , a pungent combination of chemicals that seared my nose when i took in a breath .
no use trying to determine her attacker by scent .
he knew that he would never forget her scent as long as he lived .
she smiled and arched beneath his hand , loving the scent of him .
the acrid scent combined with the lingering fragrance of her feminine arousal made him pulsatingly conscious of the claim he had staked tonight .
the scent of her arousal made jonas 's head swim .
the heavy scent filled the room .
she knew that acrid scent , she realized suddenly .
she liked the scent of him as well .
the scent of her arousal hardened every muscle in his body .
i could get used to her scent .
i started to follow them when i detected a familiar scent .
here , cidra had discovered the faint scent of the sea at low tide , complete with a hint of rotting vegetation , and the sour odor that could only be from some tavern 's garbage bin mingling with the rich smell of the recent rain .
the scent of his perspiring body would be strong in her nostrils before he stepped into the lav .
the river seemed to have its own scent , a distinctive combination of vegetation and water thick with life .
the scent of her was dark and spicy , the essence of her femininity .
she wrinkled her nose as she caught her own unbathed scent .
the scent of her arousal drove him to the edge .
outside fog enveloped the cove , the real kind that came with the scent of the ocean .
do you need to examine something that belonged to the broker to pick up the scent or whatever it is you do ? ''
she hated to admit it , but at times like this she did feel a little like a dog that had picked up the scent .
now her scent would drive him insane .
like if i closed my eyes and had just that scent to go on , i would know that the only man i would see when i opened my eyes again would be him .
the woman had a stronger sense of smell than a police dog on the scent and everyone knew it .
catching the scent of his prey ?
* * * isaac studied the mongrel as it followed sabrina 's scent .
i can make the wind blow a certain way to disguise my scent from the enemy .
and besides , isaac could follow her scent .
while hunting louisa , i found his scent , too .
he stood outside heathrow , trying to pick up isaac 's scent .
i ' ve tracked your scent for over a hundred years .
he had n't realized a vampire could sense people better once they were better acquainted with their scent , so to speak .
his nostrils flared as he latched onto her signature scent .
` ` we could sense a new vampire was nearby , and so we followed the scent .
he 'd known he 'd be unable to follow elijah , and so had tried to concentrate on a newborn vampire 's scent .
if only he could pick up her damned scent .
he smelled misty 's blood , along with the scents of four - no , five - humans .
too bad scent could n't tell him the make and models of the vehicles and where they 'd been heading .
` ` follow the scent trail back to the dirt road .
her scent , that was most distracting of all .
thinking of misty 's scent , her warmth around his fingers , the taste of her when he 'd touched his fingers to his lips , made him not care about the rest of the world .
the scent was thick .
you have the cubs ' scent .
what he mostly smelled was a maze of shifter scents , going every which way .
this was the problem with shiftertowns - too many scents from different clans , packs , and species tangled together .
wolf packs needed to have their scents around them and no one else 's .
other scents meant danger .
the door opened , and misty 's scent came to him , even across the field where he searched .
misty did n't drive a hatchback , and the scent of it was wrong for her , but that fact was peripheral .
` ` i was a wolf , trying to hunt a scent .
but the shifters who moved in here would be itchy for a long time because of the scents graham and the cubs were leaving .
he let scent and voices guide him to the kitchen , where his mate was .
he 'd know this scent anywhere - he 'd grown up cloaked in it .
the coppery scent of blood , mixed with the toxic stench of warped magic , and the smell of smoke rising from the town a few fields away .
he knew that scent so well , that years later catching a whiff of it calmed him down .
the scent that hit jace reeked of challenge .
in the midst of the growls , snarls , roars , and cheers , with the scent of blood and sweat pouring from the ring , deni 's thoughts began to tangle .
her scent sense heightened , bringing in the excitement of the shifters , the bloodlust in dylan , the singed - fur smell from the sparking collars , the strong male scent of jace warden next to her .
her scent sense heightened , bringing in the excitement of the shifters , the bloodlust in dylan , the singed - fur smell from the sparking collars , the strong male scent of jace warden next to her .
by the sounds and scents , they were at it in cars or in the shadows beyond .
the jacket held his body heat and his scent .
nothing in her behavior , her scent , her voice had told him she cared where he was in the food chain .
liam 's breath brushed jace 's neck as he leaned close , his lion 's scent different enough from the feline scents jace had grown up with to make his leopard a little crazy .
but then , games had no scent , no texture .
deni caught a whiff of a strange scent when they approached the workshop 's door , one that had her hackles rising .
he knew her scent , the low sweetness of her voice , the soft gray of her eyes , which went a lighter gray when he made love to her .
deni memorized jace 's scent and his goodness , his taste , his hard body against hers .
once in wolf form , she smelled the greasy smoke from faraway burning fuel , the scent making her gag .
lost his scent .
deni growled in frustration and ran from the firelight , searching the perimeter of the crash site for jace 's scent .
but wolves beat both bears and felines in the ability to follow scent .
no shifter could outdo a lupine on a scent trail .
right now , deni needed only scent .
tracking by scent took patience and time .
maybe scent was n't what she should be following , the dim thought came .
false scents could be laid , and scents could be covered , but nothing could disguise the almost painful tug of the mate bond .
he 'd lost her scent and could n't find her in the darkness .
he loved her scent , which was stirring his mating frenzy .
of course he did - deni knew they 'd given him plenty of time to find their scent , and they must have been throwing off pheromones like crazy , providing an easy trail to follow .
maria cringed back from the scent of stale beer .
with them the scents of the kids - scared , defiant , exhausted .
ellison leaned toward broderick and inhaled , too far gone in rage to care that it was n't good shifter etiquette to obviously check someone 's scent to determine whether he was lying .
he caught the brief scent of her from last night , when broderick had tried to mark her and claim her , but nothing more than that .
broderick had n't bathed since last night , but his clothes were clean and contained no scent of maria .
footsteps sounded beside him , and then ellison got a full dose of broderick 's unwashed scent .
the scent from the men changed to panic .
ellison scanned the woods again , nose working as he tested for scent .
the wolf shifter inhaled sharply , testing pablo 's scent , hunting for lies .
the air was thick with scents of anticipation , eagerness , and mating frenzy .
jack did n't remember her that well , except for a faint scent .
jack left the tree line , crossed the lawn , and stood in front of the arched entrance , letting william catch his scent .
he remembered the man 's scent , vivid and sharp , his face , his voice .
the air had a dry , bitter wyvern scent .
the wyvern stirred , sending a gust of air their way , and jack caught a familiar scent .
kaldar 's scent lingered at the curb and vanished , replaced by the bitter stink of gasoline , rubber , and a foul burned smell .
then they followed kaldar 's scent so they would n't get lost , which made sense , too .
the scent of the car continued up the street .
the scent alone would drive him mad .
` ` while he is doing that , you will follow my scent into the building , find me , and ... '' ` ` save you ? ''
he burst through the doors , following kaldar 's scent .
the scent trail led him past the elevator to the stairs .
ca n't track scent through the elevator .
the scent said , ` ` left ! ''
sooner or later , your brother or your father will sell you out again , they will catch your scent , and you 'll wake up with monsters standing over you .
` ` find the page with the most recent scent signature on it . ''
` ` it was already too late by the time i found them because the hand has their scent .
` ` only one scent with the body .
young scent .
the outside scents are stronger here . ''
plus , the overriding scent of antiseptic never could quite mask the mixture of bodily odors and illness .
jordan then did what any terrified little cat might do , and the scent filled the closed air of the pickup .
jordan ran on , the scent of terror in his wake .
the scent of her lingered on his memory , and the fantasy of teaching her pool was getting sweeter by the second .
myka 's scent , the feel of her body , her taste , the soft sound she made in her throat - awakened the beast .
her eyes were wider than usual , her nostrils flaring as she took in his shifter scent .
she tried to speak lightly , but her distress came to him through her voice , the tightening of her lips and eyes , the change in her scent .
layers of scent that told him all about her .
it 's scent , instinct , maybe the pheromones again .
and scent , '' he said , by way of explanation as to how he knew this .
there was a boom , an acrid smell of gunfire , and the hot scent of blood .
entirely gone -- he did n't catch her scent in the cottage at all .
he picked up her scent on the path that led to the gently sloping mountain above the village , toward the circle of standing stones that even the most unbelieving of the villagers liked to avoid .
niall regarded it with foreboding before he realized that alanna 's scent was quickly fading .
like a bloodhound on the scent . ''
so were the scent of horses , the pungent smell of feed , and the mellower smells of leather and soap .
he did n't soften his gaze , but he struggled to sit up , his nostrils widening at the scent of the hot food .
how the hell he 'd missed the female scent , he would never know .
it was the scent of a human from beyond the edge 's boundary , with shreds of the weird 's magic still clinging to them .
william circled the house twice , straining to sample the scents , listening to small noises .
the scent of the intruder did n't reach it .
they made no noise , gave off no scent , and took your leg off if you stepped on them .
that was one of hawk 's favorite tactics : rile up the changelings , get them angry with the scent of blood or a punch in the face , and send them into the fight to rend everything they came across .
the eel knows me by scent .
there were too many things to explain : the layer of grime settled on the edge of the door , the absence of human odors , the scents of small animals , some weeks , some days old , crossing over what they now considered their territory ... ` ` i just know .
the scent signatures were old and his ears caught no noises .
if william had been wearing fur , the scent alone would have made his hackles rise .
the steps drew closer , and spider smelled the musky scent of the breaker 's sweat .
barnum show once in the broken , and his scent had scared an elephant half to death .
he hopped off the horse and caught a thick scent of wet fur and the sharp piss signature marking the territory .
some dogs did n't mind his scent , but most reacted as they should when a wolf walked into their territory .
dogs were simple creatures , and this one seemed to love his scent .
the wind fetched their scents for him .
he had n't seen her since last night , and he wanted to smell her scent and see her face and know that she was all right .
william padded through the night , following cerise 's scent trail .
he 'd always paid close attention to female scents .
he chased her scent down the balcony , around the house , separating it from murid 's trail .
five minutes later , he climbed back up , with a handful of flowers in his hand , and followed cerise 's scent .
the scent of blood lashed william 's nostrils .
if you had one , you could track my scent and chase me down , like a hunter .
william circled her , stalking , tasting her scent , watching her watching him .
she was wet for him , he could smell it , and the scent was driving him out of his skin .
the scent laced william 's nostrils just as he approached the house , the sharp musk of a wolf having freshly marked his territory .
no horse would bear veisan unless her scent was masked .
its scent ... oh , its scent , intoxicating and sickening .
its scent ... oh , its scent , intoxicating and sickening .
the thick scent of rotting algae spread through the clearing .
the scent of blood permeated the battleground .
the scent lanced the cilia on his arm .
he kept trying to catch her scent , but it just was n't there .
you have human scent all over you , liam .
` ` if he makes it , he 'll track the scent back to shiftertown first , and dad will make short work of him . ''
he 'll track both my scent and hers .
the feral smelled your scent on me and decided to hurt me by hurting you .
someone banged on the front door , and liam caught a scent of lupine overlaid with a large dose of oscar de la renta .
shifters know their families and friends faster by scent first , then sight .
her scent was driving him crazy .
liam had used protective marking before , but he 'd never smelled such a heady mixture as he did now - his scent and kim 's blended in almost equal parts .
nostrils flared as the shifters took in kim 's scent and the fact that liam had marked her .
we know his scent . ''
liam 's nostrils widened as he took the scent of the air .
the heightened scent ability was a little unfortunate , since justin had n't bathed in a long , long time .
` ` he would n't have if you had n't smeared your scent all over liam , '' fergus said in disgust .
it was one of liam 's , too big for her and carrying his scent .
even her overlying fae scent could n't change the sensory goodness that was andrea .
sean would carry it upstairs and lay it on his bed , hoping the scent would seep into his sheets .
both sean and connor jumped to alertness , but they recognized the scent and relaxed .
glory 's scent was all over dylan , and from the way his eyes flicked to shifter white and back to blue , andrea knew that he could smell sean 's scent all over her .
rain was just starting to patter down , the scent of the bat colony that lived beneath the bridge filling the humid air .
i- '' the scent came to him like a stinging slap .
all scent of fae had gone .
andrea 's scent was clear as soon as he was a wildcat , her scent trail glowing like moonlight .
andrea 's scent was clear as soon as he was a wildcat , her scent trail glowing like moonlight .
they 'd also be aware of andrea 's fae scent .
andrea did n't know enough shifters down here to place everyone , but living in communities , shifters picked up the collective scent of that community .
her scent aroused the fires inside him , rage and wanting all mixed together .
it was her fae scent and her fine skin , her breath , her warmth , and the fact that she walked upon the earth .
from the scent beneath the gagging smoke , three of the men at the table were human .
but it was n't just their scent that betrayed them as the ones who 'd been responsible for all the shootings .
ben would be smart enough to see the wisdom of hiding the mess and throwing the police off the scent .
andrea 's scent was so mixed with his that he could n't separate them anymore .
liam glanced off into the dark , nostrils widening as he searched the wind for scent .
the man was tall , hard - muscled , and dark - haired , feline by the scent of him .
sean shuddered with release in the darkness , surrounded by the feel , the scent , the warmth of andrea .
a wolf scent came to her , sharp and pungent .
she recognized the scent , which surprised her .
when they reached wade sawyer 's house two blocks east and four south , andrea recognized the scent of the second male lupine inside even before sean knocked on the door .
andrea realized something new , though , as his scent curled inside her nostrils - jared was a weak lupine who 'd been given precedence in the hierarchy by the power of his father .
it was closed this early in the day , but sean did n't need to go inside to catch glory 's scent .
the scent was strongest at the field beyond the parking lot , where asphalt crumbled into waist - high weeds .
sean inhaled , but jared 's scent spoke the truth .
sean smelled only the strong odor of jared himself and the fainter ones of wade and his mate , the scent from their house .
jared 's scent of fear was smothered by that of anger and determination .
from the scent , the people who piled out of the cars were human .
he found her scent and some blood . ''
by the scent , someone had backed a vehicle there and must have then driven away with sean 's body .
but just when andrea thought the felines would abandon their attack and run back to the main fight , light rent the air , and she smelled the sharp scent of faerie .
sean could scent them : the acrid mint odor he 'd come to associate with the fae , the rather ripe smell of a pissed - off bear , the scent of his own father , and the cool honey tones of his mate .
jack sniffed the air , wrinkling his nose the way he did when he looked for a scent trail .
magic did n't work past the boundary , but jack 's sense of smell was still keener than normal , and people with magic in their blood gave off a specific scent .
up close , she caught his scent : a faint aroma of sandalwood and a very male musk emanating from his tawny , sweat - slicked skin .
a hare scent trail .
he dashed to and fro , confusing his scent trail just in case , leaped and ran deeper and deeper into the wood , until finally he grew tired and scrambled up the trunk of a huge pine into the dense blanket of needles and lay on a branch , panting .
traces of declan 's scent hung above the clearing , but the blueblood was long gone .
he 'd tracked the scents for hours , but most of them led out of the wood , not to it .
but i have no idea where he is , and your brother was unable to find the scent trail during our last excursion . ''
she would recognize his scent anywhere , just as she would recognize the strength in the arms around her .
the scent of blood , sharp and salty , was everywhere in the room .
diego escobar was a human who did n't care that she responded to the warmth and scent of him , that she was a female shifter without a mate .
she 'd picked up the hunter 's scent before she 'd gotten the candles lit , and she 'd slipped into the woods to shift , but he 'd found her before she could get away from him .
he inhaled the scent of her , which , considering she 'd been running around naked in the desert plus sitting in here for hours , was sweet and good .
his scent was all over her in an instant .
eric must have smelled the faint fae scent , because he stopped , sniffed , and riveted his gaze to cassidy .
diego sniffed , but he could n't smell anything but his own sweat and the sweet scent of cassidy next to him .
` ` the fae scent would n't linger on diego so much .
eric drew in her scent .
it would be more difficult to protect her when she lived outside shiftertown , but the scent mark would make whatever male tried to mate - claim her hesitate , giving her time to escape .
` ` i ' ve been trying to cover the fae scent on you , '' she said , touching his chest .
diego had asked her to come with him tonight - she 'd be able to recognize her attacker , if not by sight , then by scent .
` ` my trackers can fix on his scent and use that to search him out . ''
wolf , by the scent .
he could tell that iona had n't come out this door at all , because her scent was nowhere near it .
at the bottom , he searched the crowd , letting his nose lead him in the right direction once he 'd picked up her scent .
her scent screamed at him .
` ` the scent , '' iona said .
dylan looked diego up and down , nostrils widening as he inhaled diego 's scent .
he was standing way too close , his scent and body heat making her wildcat shiver .
the scent of her , the nearness of her , drove him wild .
diego 's scent alone was enough to trigger her frenzy , and she feared burning him out .
cassidy distanced herself from them , shutting out their scent and focusing on finding diego 's .
she saw nothing but blackness , but the scent came to her .
she heard diego 's shout , then the boom of his gun , and she smelled the scent of gunpowder .
she knew by scent how far she was from area 51 , a place guarded by men with suvs and rifles .
but eric 's scent had triggered something in iona from the moment he 'd sat down next to her in the club 's dark corner and told her he knew what iona was .
his scent was stronger now , overlaid with that of his wildcat .
iona 's scent was that of a female feline who 'd reached her fertile years , a little over thirty by human standards , a few years past cub by shifter .
he 'd scent - marked her the night he 'd met her , but a scent marking was not the same as a mate - claim .
he 'd scent - marked her the night he 'd met her , but a scent marking was not the same as a mate - claim .
it had been two days and many scrubbings since eric had chased iona in the wild land north of town , but he did n't need graham to catch any lingering scent .
but at least their fear scent would cover any residual one of iona 's .
` ` scent is a powerful way to communicate .
from scent alone i can tell you ' ve been here awhile , working intently on something , and when i came in , i shook you out of that . ''
` ` that 's why i have to ignore scents when i ' m in my human form .
iona stood her ground , but her eyes widened , and her wild scent washed over him .
the thick , female scent of her made him growl .
he felt a sudden draft of air behind him , smelled the strong scent of human , then heard a gasp .
the scent of ruined roast beef sandwich was strong in the room , but stronger to her was eric 's scent overlaid with the scent of her mother 's stark fear .
the scent of ruined roast beef sandwich was strong in the room , but stronger to her was eric 's scent overlaid with the scent of her mother 's stark fear .
he ran to work off his frustration at being so near iona and not being able to have her and also to cover iona 's scent with his own .
she cried out for reassurance , the scent of that stirring iona 's protective instincts even more .
iona sniffed too , and caught the scent .
iona tried to do what eric had taught her this morning - reach inside and open up her scent ability .
the two men , the dust and creosote , the scent of coyotes , rabbits , birds , and reptiles that lay hidden in the brush .
first , though , eric had to make sure iona 's scent was completely off him .
a female heavy with child would have the strongest scent , so eric went to cassidy , peeled her away from diego , and pulled her into another hug .
she 'd catch a whiff of his scent or see a movement that was unmistakably eric .
the scent of the child growing inside nikki had strengthened , even in such a short time .
the scent sparked the need iona had been fighting the last few days , fanning it to life .
a collar hugged his neck , but even if he had n't worn one , everything about him , including his rife scent , screamed shifter .
her nose picked up how similar his scent was to eric 's and yet had a unique character of its own .
` ` scent tells me a lot , '' cassidy said , still tackling her flavorful eggs and cheese .
they were checking her scent , cassidy told her , because eric had scent - marked and mate - claimed iona .
they were checking her scent , cassidy told her , because eric had scent - marked and mate - claimed iona .
he wrinkled his nose at their rank scent .
her scent , her touch , the way she knew when he needed her .
iona could n't help moving closer to his warmth , his heat and scent so right .
graham 's scent of panic overlaid his anger , his fear triggering eric 's own uneasiness .
the scent was faint but enough to have graham halfway to his feet , snarling in rage .
the place was a mystery , but he 'd not mistaken that scent of fear .
graham 's scent betrayed raw anger .
their faces did n't tell him their gender , but their scent did .
she could n't stop using her scent ability now , and smells came to her nonstop - her mother 's soap , the foreman 's habitual cloying cologne , the sweat and dirt on guys who 'd come in for paychecks .
she shivered , and the scent that came to him was one of arousal .
her scent , her caressing fingers , that smoky voice ... time to go .
graham with his grating voice and lupine scent was poor compensation .
the scent and heat and taste of her stirred the frenzy higher , and eric let the madness come .
cassidy 's scent conveyed the same kind of happy worry - and that this cub was on its way .
the memory of the wrong scent , the human bending over her , then the prick of a needle had her shifter as alert as a predator spotting elusive prey .
the scent of this room was different from cassidy 's room in the clinic .
iona shifted to her in - between beast to open it , then stayed the half beast as she ducked inside and tested the stairwell 's scents .
nothing on the next floor either , though the scent grew stronger , and she realized that it was coming from the bottom of the stairs .
the scent came from about halfway down the room .
she went down the line , the scent of animal growing stronger as she walked .
his scent was overwhelmingly male .
she could tell the surprise only through his scent , however , because he glared in fury through the bars and did n't change expression when he saw her .
the touch of a mate , her scent , that 's what healed .
iona went to him and put her hand in his , liking the warmth of him , his scent telling her he wanted her there despite the danger .
it was n't an unpleasant scent .
she did n't know the name of the scent , but it made her want to kiss him and see if she could taste it .
tiger turned away before her scent convinced him to press her back against the side of the car and hold her to him .
his scent and look willed tiger back down in the bed , and tiger found his panic lessening .
` ` sight and scent . ''
carly 's scent had blotted out the blood smell , sending tiger 's thoughts in a wildly different direction .
now that carly was gone , back into her house , her scent was n't as intense , and the blood smell came back .
her scent drifted to him from across the yard , calming the fight - or - flight instinct to where tiger could manage it .
her scent had changed , ever so slightly , but tiger sensed it .
liam 's scent broke tiger 's focus on carly and kat as liam himself stopped in front of them .
liam 's gaze did n't move as he took in her words , also taking in , tiger knew , her scent , her body language , and the nuances behind them .
he leaves just enough scent to explain to everyone else not to cross the line with him . ''
carly settled back , her scent sweet and spicy , but also conveying to tiger her underlying nervousness .
this man wore black , like walker , and he had a similar build and close - shaved hair , but the scent was wrong .
he smelled andrea 's strange half - shifter scent , the subtler scent of her cub clinging to her .
he smelled andrea 's strange half - shifter scent , the subtler scent of her cub clinging to her .
dylan sounded angry , but his scent betrayed his alarm .
andrea and her fae scent moved from tiger , leaving him relatively alone with carly .
he 'd save up the need for when they were alone tonight , when he 'd open her businesslike blouse button by button , slide off her skirt , indulge himself in the scent of her ... ` ` i hope we do n't have to stop him permanently , '' liam made himself say .
tiger 's healing body had been content to be in her presence , to rest while he drank in her scent .
alphas feeling competitive had a fine scent .
but shifters had scent and good hearing , and liam 's neighbors were n't all so in love with the morrisseys that they would n't gossip about them and their households .
carly tensed behind tiger , the wood smoke scent turning sharp with her anger .
` ` scent , '' tiger said .
` ` what he said with his words and what he said with his scent are two different things . ''
` ` yeah , i read scent too , '' ronan said to tiger .
she was watching him with wonder on her face , surprise at his camaraderie with the cubs coming through her scent , but her smile warming his world .
the scent of his mate twined around him , giving him strength .
no pollution , no scent of humans touching the breeze .
walker had gone wide - eyed , his scent betraying his startled wariness at watching tiger 's change .
tiger also smelled an airplane , far away , but near enough for tiger 's enhanced senses to catch the scent .
walker 's scent betrayed his discomfort , but he took the hug , thumping tiger on the shoulders in return .
a breath of air , a scent , a sound ... she was n't sure what she sensed , but something had alerted her .
the man looked back and forth among them , his expression stoic , but his scent betrayed his alarm .
from liam 's scent and the way his eyes had gone shifter white blue , he 'd already decided what he wanted to do .
liam 's rage rose , the scent of it hot .
there was only carly , her scent , her heat , the dampness of her skin , the scalding moisture that gripped his cock .
` ` and scent and so forth . ''
celino accelerated , heading toward the source of the scent , until he reached a small cafe with a red overhang .
he could practically taste the pastry from the scent alone .
she 'd forgotten how heady was the scent of a man .
` ` like a terrier on the scent .
ian had done his best to throw fellows off the scent , to keep him from speaking to the one witness who could harm hart .
lily 's death put inspector fellows back on the scent .
he smelled of smoke and malt whiskey ; he always did , though those were sometimes accompanied by the scent of horses .
mac mounted the stairs toward her , the acrid scent of smoke clinging to him .
she caught the scent of the soap bellamy must have brought for him , an odor filled with memories .
he was a good inspector , like a bloodhound on a scent , and liked landing his culprit .
the mare had her head over the half door of her box , ears pricked , nostrils expanding as she inhaled ainsley 's scent .
he had to sit , hard and aching , with ainsley 's scent under his nose , and not be able to do anything about it .
it had been a very long time since she 'd encountered such a scent , but she soon realized what it was - that of a man who has been with a woman .
no wonder the merest whisper of eleanor 's scent made him as randy as an eighteen - year - old .
she heard the roar of the pistol , smelled the acrid scent of gunpowder , felt herself falling , heard hart swearing .
maigdlin , she thought , but the tread was wrong , as was the scent of cigars and wool .
elliot had n't known the full scent of her , the warmth of her skin , the feel of her beneath him .
he loved the scent of her , the taste of her , and he 'd never be able to have enough .
the scents were muted , which meant the magic was down .
of course , chief smelled my scent and it only made him more determined to pee his way to territorial supremacy .
a new scent tugged at me , a slightly sour , prickly odor that set off instinctual alarms in my head .
the sour prickly scent grew stronger .
he 'd buried his leg in the coal dust to smother the scent .
the strong male healthy scent that drove me crazy ... ` ` it did n't work out , '' i said .
the jackal finally identified the scent .
the secondary scent coated my tongue and i recognized it : it was the faint , barely perceptible reek of early decomposition .
raphael 's workers had been in and out of it barely twelve hours ago and two dozen scent signatures clung to the ground , not to mention the stench of decay rising from the bodies .
but then again , crying hysterically into the phone and sobbing about how his scent made me want to curl into a fetal position would n't do any good .
` ` i find your scent disturbing .
his scent was scraping against me like fine - grain sandpaper .
his scent was still here .
the scent of blood hit me , bitter and revolting .
car grease changed its scent in the open .
in nature hyenas relied on sight more than scent in their hunting .
` ` i ca n't tell if he 's covering up the scent of something bad with this perfume or not . ''
there was something ancient and savage in that scent and it set my teeth on edge .
i knew this scent .
blood pooled in the recesses of the uneven pavement , its scent like the cut of a razor on my tongue .
his scent was everywhere , floating through my territory .
kate had helped , especially with cutting things , but i wanted my scent all over this place , not hers , which was why she was wrapped in plastic , and i wore a tank top and a pair of capris , sweating and leaving my scent signature on everything .
kate had helped , especially with cutting things , but i wanted my scent all over this place , not hers , which was why she was wrapped in plastic , and i wore a tank top and a pair of capris , sweating and leaving my scent signature on everything .
he followed my scent out of the master suite .
he has your scent now .
` ` he 's got your scent now .
i know your scent . ''
the scent of gasoline slapped me .
his scent reached me first , that taunting , comforting , infuriating scent .
` ` he catches your scent when you go to see him , '' dagfinn said .
` ` it takes him a while , but once he learns the scent , he never forgets it .
` ` the longer we talk , the more time he has to lock onto our scent .
` ` i have your scent , '' the giant roared .
she also caught the scents of cigar smoke mixed with that of the cigarette , plenty of whiskey , and a woman 's heavy perfume .
the wool had captured daniel 's warmth and the scent of him .
` ` it takes him awhile , but once he learns the scent , he never forgets it .
the scent was hot and alive .
i followed the scent , moving softly on my toes .
the scent sparked here .
through it floated the stench of burned coffee and a faint scent of blood , fouled with a hint of decomposition .
but the scent was wrong .
a living scent is hot , vibrant .
i would know that scent anywhere .
the scent of blood made me dizzy .
he followed the scent to the living room , where he found his father sitting on the couch , hunched over a mug that was serving as a makeshift ashtray .
but how long would the scent of finn linger if he left ?
as if she missed carrie 's scent and needed to get as much of it as she could while she could .
` ` wolves can tell their intended mate by scent , sometimes before they ' ve even sighted them .
i craved his scent more than food , followed him with my gaze whenever he entered the room , and had to literally fight with myself not to touch him when he was near .
it 'll be harder for them to track your scent over all the rock .
chapter eight even with the moonlight illuminating the forest , i would have been lost without daniel 's scent .
` ` i knew it as soon as i smelled your scent , '' he said , low and rough .
he and the others had masked their scents so i would n't be able to trace them .
after she 'd left nathan by the highway , she 'd searched through a quarter of the town , trying to track down the murderer by scent .
then i regretted breathing as the scent of scorched meat filled my lungs .
now it was empty , the harsh scent of chemical smoke replacing the popcorn , cotton candy , and funnel cake aromas .
damn vampires and their ability to decipher emotions by scent .
if i had undead senses , i 'd bet the scent of disapproval would ' ve clogged up my nostrils .
when i climbed back out , i was acutely aware of two things : the scent of blood and the sound of drums .
i could n't , but as the scent of gasoline increased , so did my desperation .
he murmured something i did n't comprehend in my search for the source of that scent .
not hunger , though the fresh scent of blood made my own fangs spring out .
i was beyond glad i did n't smell vlad 's scent , bless his diligent cleaning staff .
now there was no point trying to track cynthiana by scent , though over the stink , i caught an odd , earthy odor .
it was the scent of fear .
if i was lucky , these creatures would think it came from my recent exertions , though the scent of my fear probably gave me away .
i should have picked up on that the other day when the scent from my bloody shirt reminded you of them , but i was preoccupied . ''
my knives were splattered with crimson and the angry scent of smoke emanated from me .
if i were a vampire , i imagined the scent of his anger at having his home searched would have clogged my nostrils .
` ` < br/ > chapter 1 mencheres smelled blood even before he caught the earthy scent of ghouls clustered on the ground floor of the decrepit warehouse .
` ` not smart to be out so close to dawn , vampire , '' the ghoul with the heaviest scent of blood drawled without answering mencheres 's question .
not with the scent of vampire blood on them .
amidst the shocking silence of her mind , he caught a changing of her scent into something that reflected an emotion he was well acquainted with .
her scent wavered between mistrust and shock , though , telling him as much about her internal struggle to digest this information as her thoughts probably would .
the barest hint of confusion threaded through her scent , but the bewildering , impressive barriers that prevented him from hearing kira 's thoughts as easily as he heard her heartbeat were still there .
` ` i still can not read your thoughts , but your scent and expression led me to surmise that you were thinking about your future .
` ` humans emit a distinct scent when they lie , and you , kira , smell of that scent now . ''
` ` humans emit a distinct scent when they lie , and you , kira , smell of that scent now . ''
a breeze carried her scent to him , that lemony fragrance tainted with fear , confusion , and anger .
her scent betrayed her nervousness , but aside from that , kira was the picture of assurance as she stood before the glaring gaze of the ancient law guardian .
when he came into the library , kira 's eyes were dry ; but a frown stitched into her forehead , and her scent was deeper with worry .
her scent enveloped him , a mixture of apprehension , hesitation ... and something else .
her voice was raw , her scent swirled with fear , agitation , and guilt .
he might not wash this shirt or coat again , lest he lose all trace of her scent from them .
the boy 's scent confirmed he was lying about the interview , lying about being off drugs , and lying about the taxi , as he proved by sauntering off on foot down the street instead of calling for transportation .
` ` no scent of vampire on you , but you could ' ve washed that off easy enough , and someone sure sent you here , '' he went on .
that booming went off behind her again , the scent of gas rising above the darker , sweeter smell that was all around her .
when you 're around her , your scent changes , and your shielding slips more than i ' ve ever seen it do , '' gorgon said quietly .
he was almost soundless in his movements ; only his scent and the faint rustling of his clothes would have betrayed his presence , if kira could n't feel him .
of course , with his scent and tingling aura flowing over her , mencheres might as well be touching her .
he might not have paid any notice to the sounds in the forest , but he could tell kira every nuance of how her scent had changed as she walked alongside him .
mencheres 's scent intensified as well , that rich natural cologne of dark spices deepening and increasing .
they sweeten your scent in the most enticing way . ''
` ` i love your scent , '' he almost growled .
he , however , could only catch glimpses of her feelings the same way he had before ; through her scent , her expressions , the tone of her voice , and her body language .
his scent still swirled with frustration , but then he lifted a shoulder in acquiescence .
he could n't tell if her scent changed as well ; she still smelled too strongly of the ocean for him to catch any faint nuances of desire .
it was clear from her tone , scent , and body language that he was not invited to join her bathing activities this time .
she 'd recently fed again , so that scent did n't arouse hunger in her as much as acknowledgment .
she 'd never caught her sister 's scent as a vampire though the heavier citrus fragrance around the entrance probably belonged to tina .
she did n't like the calculating gleam starting to appear in radje 's eyes , or the obviously explicit reference to mencheres 's scent on her .
vlad stood several feet from the circle 's perimeter , his jaw flexed and the scent of smoke emanating from him .
she recognized the lord of the underworld 's scent .
the next gust of wind carried a hint of decay and magic mixed with the law guardian 's scent instead of just the normal odors from the city .
radjedef considered him , the wind whipping the tight braids of his hair as he inhaled to pick up mencheres 's scent .
mencheres waited , thinking how he 'd hated to wash all traces of kira 's scent away before he met radjedef , but it had been necessary .
he gave the proper bow , but when spade caught turner 's scent and saw the mutiny in his expression , he heaved a mental sigh .
the harsh scent of fear , anger , and mistrust swirled around her .
in addition to that , spade counted several vampires not of ian 's line , plus more than a few ghouls , and dozens of humans with a distinct undead scent that marked them as someone 's property .
the scent of blood and death .
` ` touch me again and i 'll kill you , '' he growled , whirling and running in the direction where giselda 's scent was the strongest - and where other harsh , vile scents intertwined with hers .
spade dashed into the woods , following the reeking scents , seized with terror as he saw the multiple footprints in the mud and snow .
spade swung around , following the trailing scent of blood until he came to a large splatter at the crest of a hill .
denise 's hand seemed to get warmer while her scent sharpened with anger .
denise jerked back guiltily , afraid he 'd know either from her scent or from her expression what she 'd been thinking , but his arms hardened , preventing her escape .
denise 's heart hammered against his chest , her scent of fear enveloping him and her breathing so accelerated , he wished she had n't made him swear a blood oath against trancing her .
denise had gasped when he 'd flattened her on the bed , then the scent of her anger rose and her flesh felt like it was scalding him .
his pulse might remain admirably steady and he managed not to sweat , but his scent betrayed him .
when he went all in on this hand , madox 's scent turned into a mixture of musk and rotten orange .
behind him , denise 's scent changed .
her scent was splintered with pain , her voice choked with grief , guilt , and rage .
it was their scent , sharpened by passion , and with each breath , he savored it .
even though the power crackling around him was familiar , the scent was familiar , and the annoyed expression on crispin 's face was more than familiar , spade paused .
denise took in a deep breath , her scent peppering with anxiety .
` ` even if i could n't read your thoughts , your scent of disappointment is overpowering , '' bones noted .
no scent of the demon on her skin .
the scent of death hung in the air , sharpened with the harsher aroma of undead blood .
it was the scent of denise 's safety .
but nick 's scent would linger there .
nothing said romance like the scent of burning rubber .
the scent would stab through her .
` ` we think we ' ve thrown the police off martin 's scent , but if martin were to get in trouble , he 'd be in a lot more trouble if nine lives died .
the rich , dirty scents of rust and tar made me dizzy .
if his scent of cologne was really laundry detergent or deodorant or even aftershave .
strange that i recognized his scent so readily .
i caught the scent of his cologne .
mature palms and palmettos softened the lines of the weathered wooden building , but a huge air- conditioning unit filled the late summer night with its drone , and the scent of the community garbage dumpster wafted from behind a high fence .
i recognized his scent of sea and chlorine .
the scent of my mother .
the car filled with the scent of him , the scent of water .
the car filled with the scent of him , the scent of water .
thorne sucked in a ragged breath as the scent of fresh blood filled his nostrils .
he paused in the shadows as the scent of prey drifted on the wind .
like a lion on the trail of fresh blood , he turned toward the scent , his fangs lengthening in response to the steady beat of a living heart , the irresistible smell of fresh , hot blood .
girard desmarais ' scent was n't something thorne was likely to forget or mistake for anyone else 's .
but it was hard to think straight when the beat of her heart sang to him , when the scent of her blood enflamed him , when a single kiss went through him like chain lightning .
the scent of mortal food , the taste , becomes repugnant . ''
throwing back the covers , he padded into the bathroom and somewhat reluctantly washed skylynn 's scent from his skin .
he was about to tell her he was sorry when he caught the scent of a newly made vampire .
with the demon watching him intently , he bent toward desmarais ' neck , his own fangs running out at the scent of fresh blood on the hunter 's neck .
and yet , how could he leave when desmarais was sniffing around like a wolf on the scent of fresh blood ?
it took only moments to sort sam 's scent from all the others .
` ` i ' ve got his scent .
as he followed the boy 's scent , thorne thought about his own past .
an indrawn breath carried the scent of musk and fresh blood .
he had almost reached the corner when he caught a scent that made his hackles rise .
he explained , quickly , how he had left the house last night , only to return after detecting desmarais ' scent nearby .
even before he reached the porch , he caught the unwelcome scent of girard desmarais .
desmarais ' scent was strong here .
a moment later , he caught the scent of freshly spilled blood .
moving faster than the eye could see , thorne followed the scent of blood .
his fangs extended as the scent of blood grew stronger , mingling with girard desmarais ' unmistakable stink .
the scent of freshly spilled blood came from the one on the left .
he caught her before she hit the ground , his nostrils immediately filling with the scent of her blood .
chapter 2 the vampire sleeping deep within the earth stirred , aroused by the scent of fresh prey in town .
he fought with renewed energy when he caught the scent of sulphur , roared with pain as his clothes and his hair caught fire .
` ` i followed your scent . ''
my scent is on you now .
but this woman - kadie - he had known the moment he 'd woken to her scent that he had to have her .
his scent was all around her .
she could feel saintcrow 's presence , detect the scent that was uniquely his , yet she was alone in the house .
your scent , your spirit ... '' he shook his head .
she closed the door , then stood there , his scent all around her , her thoughts muddled .
the scent of her blood teased his nostrils .
lifting his head , he tested the air , though it was hard to detect anything other than the lingering scents of the veritable feast kadie had devoured .
and overall , another scent he recognized all too well .
the scent of vampire blood .
the vampire 's scent was faint , but he 'd know it if he smelled it again .
` ` his scent .
it was empty at the moment , but lilith 's scent was fresh .
` ` kadie , when i caught your scent , i thought i was dreaming , but of course , that 's impossible , since vampires do n't dream .
it was after three a.m. when saintcrow left the house , drawn outside by lilith 's scent .
chapter 33 in the darkness of his lair , saintcrow stirred , then came fully awake as the scent of freshly spilled blood stung his nostrils .
the scent of freshly spilled blood was strong inside .
now that he had their scent , finding them would be easy .
an indrawn breath carried the faint scent of lilith 's blood , but he detected no malice in the man , no sense of danger .
overlying all the other odors was the scent of blood , some from the living , some from the dead .
kadie was not there , though he caught her father 's scent .
he paused when he caught ravenwood 's scent .
a deep breath carried saintcrow 's scent , and she realized that she was in his bed .
the scent of the blood oozing to the surface would n't have smelled so inviting .
when a familiar scent reached her , she bolted upright .
he heard the screech of an owl and then he caught the strong scent of blood .
a thousand different odors had assailed his nostrils , but it had been the scent of blood that had drawn him into the woods .
` ` kristine ... '' he woke slowly , frowning into the darkness , his nostrils filling with a sharp feral odor and the scent of smoke .
he could hear the harsh rasp of her breathing , smell the sharp scent of her fear .
his dreams were dark , filled with the scent of blood and death .
we know not how he will react to her cries , or to the scent of blood . ''
rising on his haunches , his forelegs resting on the mattress , he breathed in the child 's scent , then gently licked one tiny dimpled hand .
the scent of her fear , mingled with the underlying scent of her blood , inflamed his hunger .
he stared up at the landing , his preternatural senses bringing him the scent of her blood , the rapid beating of her heart , the stink of fear that clung to her skin .
his cloak billowed behind him like the shadow of death as he followed the scent of his prey , his whole body vibrating with a need that would no longer be denied .
following the scent , she went into the room with all the cupboards .
a shift in the wind carried her scent to him .
taking a deep breath , he let the hunger rise within him , felt his fangs lengthen in response to the scent of her blood , knew his eyes had taken on an unholy glow .
the thrill of the hunt , the scent of fear rising from the prey , your own feeling of invincibility , it 's a heady tiling , something you ca n't begin to understand unless you ' ve experienced it for yourself .
he did n't need her to confirm it ; he could smell the faint scent of the other man .
the scent of fresh blood wafted through the air .
he paused at the entrance , sniffing the air until he picked up anthony loken 's scent .
anthony loken 's scent was strong here , and so was that of jimmy dugan .
loken 's scent was still strong , and mingled with it was the scent of blood and fear .
loken 's scent was still strong , and mingled with it was the scent of blood and fear .
and the scent of death grew stronger .
the scent of blood was overpowering now , awakening his hunger in spite of the fact that he had just fed .
without conscious thought , he followed the warlock 's scent across the city to a house located on a hill .
and then brenna 's scent was carried to him on a fleeting breath of air .
his nostrils filled with the scent of prey , ripe and ready for the taking .
as soon as he neared the front door , he caught the heavy scent of the boy 's fear .
the stink of his own waste filled his nostrils , mingling with the scent of his blood .
the scent of blood drifted through the air .
as he did so , his nostrils filled with the scent of death .
he followed the scent of her blood up the stairs , down a narrow hallway , and into a darkened room .
sitting up , she took a deep breath , her senses filling with a myriad of sounds and smells- a car backfiring on the street outside , the hum of the refrigerator upstairs , the scent of roshan 's skin , the faintly musty smell of the bricks .
there was nothing like drinking from the source , inhaling the scent of it , feeling the warmth slide over your tongue and trickle down your throat .
he was about to leave the room when his nostrils twitched with the scent of vampire .
the scent of blood flowing through a hundred veins .
the only way to find her would be to go outside and follow her scent .
it did n't take him long to find her scent .
the scent of prey was in the air .
he was about to turn back when the scent of blood filled his nostrils .
unable to resist , he followed the scent to what looked like an abandoned brick building .
the scent of blood was strong here and seemed to be coming from inside .
he wondered if it would throw cara off the scent if he started wearing brighter colors again .
a door opened and he caught his daughter 's scent .
the scent of it enflamed his preternatural senses even as it stirred his hunger .
the last vestiges of black magick hung heavy in the air , along with the scent of blood , death , and decay .
vince moved through the dark house , as unerring as a cat , the scent of cara 's blood like a road map to his vampire senses .
i do n't know what it was , just the scent of the man himself , i guess .
every instinct i possessed screamed that going for a drive with a man whose scent was more intoxicating than a shot of whiskey straight up was a very bad idea .
a horrible keening wail rose in the air , and i wrapped my arms around my middle , chilled by a cool breeze that carried the scent of blood and death .
however , neither clive nor cagin recognized his scent . ''
` ` i followed his scent for several miles , and then it disappeared . ''
` ` i do n't know how he did it , but i ' m thinking he 's either found a way to mask his scent or change it altogether . ''
` ` did you pick up any vampire scent at either scene ? ''
` ` maybe it was a vamp smart enough to mask his own scent .
the scent of blood and lust filled my senses and then , as if someone had turned off a light , the images disappeared .
the faint coppery scent of blood hung in the air .
the scent of blood brought the taste of bile to the back of my throat .
i could smell the scent of susie 's blood , feel the rush of preternatural energy that filled the room .
the coppery scent of blood rose in the air .
drawn by the scent , susie took a step forward , her nostrils flaring .
he caught the scents of five men , two that he recognized from the lab .
it took only minutes to follow her scent to the deserted meat - packing plant on oak tree road .
the scent of blood and death made my stomach churn .
and yet , like a jungle cat on the scent of prey , he moved unerringly toward her , his footsteps eerily silent on the damp pavement .
he brushed the hair away from her neck , his nostrils flaring at the scent of her blood .
as soon as rane caught the scent , he had known it was what he had been hungering for , what he wanted .
the scent of her fear filled his nostrils , arousing him still further .
it took a great deal of effort to shut out the siren call of all those beating hearts , to close his mind to the scent of prey .
rane caught the mingled odors of blood and death the minute he approached the house , and beneath it , the scent of vampire .
the vampire 's scent was unfamiliar , but one he would n't forget .
i do n't know who it is , but i caught her scent .
i 'll know it if i find it again ... . '' ` ` her scent ?
` ` i picked up the scent of a werewolf on your property .
` ` their scent was fresh .
savanah asked , although she could n't smell anything other than the scent of pine trees and the honeysuckles that grew near the front porch .
` ` it was n't a scent i recognized , '' he said , answering her question .
` ` whoever it was , they were wearing something to mask their scent .
eager to shift , he kicked off his shoes , excitement rising within him as he caught the scent of prey on the wind .
the scent of blood filled the air as they savaged each other .
eager for a fight , needing an outlet for his anger , he turned into the wind , hoping to catch the scent of a werewolf or some other predator , animal or human , even though it was doubtful that , in his current condition , he would survive such an encounter .
the smell of blood and death hung heavy in the air , and with it , the familiar scent of vampire .
his breath came in harsh gasps , his nostrils flaring as the scent of the werewolf 's blood rose in the air .
the scent of her blood cut through the pain as cleanly as a surgeon 's scalpel .
especially at times like these , when they were lying close together , when the scent of his blood was almost overpowering .
she ran her tongue along the strong column of his neck , savoring the taste of salt and fear , the scent of warm , living blood flowing just beneath his skin .
her scent aroused his hunger , but as his tongue brushed his fangs , he had a vivid recollection of drinking from her earlier that night .
` ` i followed his scent out the back door to the side gate .
` ` his scent ends at the gate , the same as kyle 's .
bowden 's scent disappeared at the gate .
someone who knew how to mask not only bowden 's scent , but his own , as well . ''
` ` but if whoever it was masked his scent , how do you know there was anyone else there ? ''
` ` no tracks , no scent .
some of the vampires were able to mask their scent , not only from the werewolves , but from other vampires , as well . ''
as for vampires being able to mask their scent from other vampires , someone mentioned witchcraft . ''
but he could n't very well explain that the scent of her blood had been driving him crazy , or that it had taken all his willpower to keep from sinking his fangs into her throat .
the scent of fresh blood drew mara downstairs .
` ` i caught her scent inside the club .
but the scent of blood was always there - warm , tantalizing , almost irresistible .
the scent of rain was in the air .
first she was imagining an intruder in the house when there was no one there , now she was imagining the scent of derek 's cologne .
heat flared in his eyes , the hunters forgotten as the scent of her desire reached him .
edna and pearl had some sort of spray that completely masked their scent and yours , making it impossible to follow their trail .
he had fed only a short time ago , but sheree 's scent stirred his hunger anew .
a faint breeze carried the scent of skunk .
snarling softly , he padded toward her , the scent of her fear magnifying his lust for her life 's blood .
derek growled low in his throat , his hunger sparked by the scent of fear on her skin , the sudden , rapid beating of her heart .
pearl 's nostrils flared as the scent of freshly spilled blood wafted through the air .
his hunger , stirred to life by the scent of the hunter 's blood , rode him hard .
the scent of prey drew him toward an unsavory part of town where he found two drunks fighting over a bottle of rotgut .
he had detected her unique scent the minute he set foot in the castle .
and suddenly he was in predator mode , his nostrils sifting through the myriad scents in the night for prey , human or otherwise .
he had been running for close to an hour when he caught the scent of a strange vampire .
he had almost reached the house when a familiar scent was borne to him on the wind .
the scent tantalized the wolf 's senses , urging him to kill the man and take the child .
mara 's scent drew the werewolf 's gaze toward the front door .
in the corridor , the scent of blood and pain and death was overpowering .
frowning , derek followed her scent up the stairs .
she wanted to refuse , but the scent of his blood enflamed her senses .
the scent of blood was unmistakable , and it both chilled and excited me .
satisfaction rolled off steve newlin like scent off a skunk .
i went in my office , smelled your scent .
i have looked in warehouses , cemeteries , farmhouses , and anyplace that had a trace of vampire scent about it : every property edgington owns , and some his followers own .
` ` they ca n't get into his daytime resting place to find a hair or clothes that bear his scent .
` ` they 'll go to fangtasia and try to follow the scent trail the witches left there .
if they lose the scent , maybe we can call in help from the shreveport covens .
` ` at fangtasia , i ' m afraid any scent might be obscured by all the emergency people , '' i said regretfully .
otherwise , i 'd have had a better chance at the scent , '' she said to me in near - apology .
but they caught our scent early . ''
calvin had lifted me over the brambles , and his scent should still have been on me .
the scent of a lot of magic can be quite overwhelming .
a dog or two barked as we walked past in the black night , but they quickly quieted when they caught the scent of vampire .
actually , he did smell a little unusual , but his scent was n't unpleasant .
that was where preston 's scent would lead .
after all , it was her scent at your house .
the dog , jowls jouncing , bent its head to the ground and moved around , sorting through all the scent information he was receiving .
` ` it seemed worth a try to see if a trained dog could pick up a single scent from the places where the shooter stood , '' i said .
he was sampling the air , following a scent .
maybe from a tracking point of view this swamp was a good thing , because once we were in the water we would n't be leaving any scent .
he was searching for scents , and we covered a lot of ground .
i figured they would react pretty dramatically if they caught the scent of tiger in southern louisiana .
i was sitting by those of my party who 'd attended - rasul , gervaise , cleo - and maybe their closeness masked my scent , or maybe one tame human did n't count .
he 'd enter the room again so there 'd be a reason for his scent to be on the air .
his face sharpened then , as if he was on the scent of something big .
according to a vampire who was particularly gifted in the scent sense , i had a trace of fairy blood .
` ` sitting here on your bed , smelling your scent , '' he said in a voice so low i had to strain to hear it .
` ` niall can mask his scent , '' i explained proudly .
i ' m trying to catch the scent of the ones who did this . ''
` ` you think you 'll be able to get a scent ? ''
` ` i do n't know how he can tell which one 's the scent .
i 'd really scrubbed myself and i 'd used all my usual skin products afterward , but sam 's fine nose had picked up that trace of scent eric had left behind .
we followed your scent to where you work , and we left your brother 's wife and the abomination outside for all to see .
i ca n't cover my scent like grandfather can . ''
they 'll be tracking you by scent now .
` ` they ' ve found your scent . ''
he was scornful even now , as if i 'd been weak in leaving a scent to track .
some of my cuts had reopened , and the scent of the blood and the reek of fairy lured eric , pumped full of the excitement of battle .
just when he had decided to curl up in the first dry spot he came across , pat caught a scent he recognized , a peat fire .
but there was something odd about his scent .
once again , i noticed that his scent was wrong .
` ` well , neither are you , ` ` i said , suddenly convinced that nobody with that scent could be .
` ` well , i ' m pretty sure it 's not werewolves -- that 's the one scent i know well .
and i had his scent !
` ` and the scent of vampire is strong , too .
` ` i guess we do n't have to worry about it , unless alcide can identify her scent .
there are two scents .
` ` not from the scent , '' he said .
it does n't retain the distinctive scent that identified it as a particular person , especially after this long .
i heard a rumor they were thinking of killing the royal family , and i began following the scent of my blood .
` ` we were there three nights before your tracker smelled the scent of a fresh body . ''
while they worked , annabelle and jannalynn prowled around the little clearing , probably trying to pick up what scents they could .
it 's an elusive scent .
but i had to pay attention to my own little problem right now , and i scooted out of the house , relocked the door , and hoped bill would n't pick up on my scent in the air .
in the area around the house , where claude 's scent would be natural ? ''
her scent , the feel of her against me , the taste of her skin , the sound of her voice crying my name .
and the scent of fresh chili dogs from the sidewalk cart reaches my nose , making my stomach growl .
and i ' m overwhelmed by the texture - the sight , the taste , and the scent .
the first morning daemonar pounced on him , the boy 's physical scent and psychic scent had penetrated his sleep - fogged brain fast enough that he managed to pull back what might have been a killing blow .
the first morning daemonar pounced on him , the boy 's physical scent and psychic scent had penetrated his sleep - fogged brain fast enough that he managed to pull back what might have been a killing blow .
there was only one person whose psychic scent was so close to his own that it took a moment to pick up the distinctions between them .
` ` her psychic scent was always unique .
unless there was a reason to pay attention , psychic scents were ignored in the same way as physical scents .
unless there was a reason to pay attention , psychic scents were ignored in the same way as physical scents .
he studied her face , then opened his inner barriers enough to get a taste of her psychic scent .
since he was sparring with zaranar , lucivar did n't look toward the door , but he noticed the refreshing scent of crisp , clean air - and he noticed the psychic scent of the male who entered .
even when chaosti was relaxed and wearing his birthright green jewel , as he was now , there was something wild about his physical and psychic scents that made other men wary .
daemon walked a few minutes more , observing the flora and fauna that moved toward him , drawn by the scent of the hot , fresh blood running through his veins , and then withdrew when they brushed against the feel of his power and the cold depth of his temper .
a hint of rotting meat in the air now , and a foulness to his psychic scent that gagged her more than the physical smell .
and daemon , riding the killing edge , watched everyone in the room as he assessed the stink of the adults ' psychic scents .
ladvarian would n't use a disrespectful description simply because a person was demon - dead , so calling someone ` ` dead flesh '' was an indication of the dog 's contempt for the person - an indication that the scent belonged to an enemy .
he knew the scent , knew the feel .
she shrank back , a response to the foulness of his psychic scent rather than fear of his physical presence .
but now ... his psychic scent was much too prominent for this to be a seldom - used bedroom .
arousal was dominant in his psychic scent , so she would n't have been surprised if he 'd rolled on top of her .
` ` your heart is pounding , and your scent is filled with fear , '' he crooned .
the healer had said it might take a few days for a psychic scent to become strong enough to identify a caste , but the words had been said to ease possible disappointment .
no sign or scent of blood or wounds , so it was n't likely that he and lucivar had done more than yell at each other .
a sharpening of psychic scents as the warlord princes who served in the first circle put an edge on tempers that were always well - honed .
but daemonar had begun the transition from toddler to boy last autumn and now had the unmistakable psychic scent of a warlord prince .
andeverything was free of psychic scents .
had to be shira since the psychic scent was female , but she could n't tell anything beyond that - a sure sign thatsomething was wrong with her .
ranon felt the other presence , picked up the psychic scent , and knew who was about to join him .
she never forgot what kind of man she was dealing with when she was around theran or talon or ranon , but caste had n't been the dominant psychic scent when she was with gray .
since she was almost as tall as he and had a bit more muscle , the intensity of his psychic scent and expression made her shift her weight and take a step back , bumping into gray .
and she sensednothing that would explain the reaction of any of the men - until she began to probe the mansion and picked up psychic scents that were familiar ... and painful .
but she did n't dare look at gray because what she was picking up from his psychic scent was n't good .
not her body , her psychic scent . ''
she did n't have an actual psychic link to ranon , but his psychic scent was filled with distress .
` ` of course , the way some of those spells worked , the scent smelled fine until it warmed on the skin for a little while .
at least he could tell saetan that two of cassidy 's court had paid attention to the additional notes about how warlord princes reacted to the scent of moon 's blood and how to avoid provoking an attack .
her short black hair looked deliberately mussed enough to be called sassy , and there was n't a single thing besides her psychic scent that would give anyone a clue that she was the queen of halaway .
ranon turned and put up an opal shield behind him , protecting the landen since the hostility in the guards ' psychic scents was sufficient warning that he 'd walked into some kind of trouble .
reyhana walked toward them , and ranon watched for the moment when the other men picked up her psychic scent and realized she was a queen .
ranon froze for just a moment as he remembered the day the scelties arrived in eyota and how one of them had located archerr by scent , despite the warlord prince being sight shielded .
that 's why he picked up the scent and realized the voice was coming from someone who was sight shielded .
` ` it does n't appear to be wet , '' he replied pleasantly , ` ` but as a whole , i find lady kermilla 's scent unpleasant . ''
darcy , keelie , and ... catching the scent of leather and horses , she twisted to look behind her .
he could n't see them , but he recognized the psychic scents of archerr and shaddo .
but he did n't recognize the look in those green eyes - or that blend of power and assurance that was now part of gray 's psychic scent .
her psychic scent was irresistible even on a day like today when her physical presence had less than no appeal .
the sharp warning in lucivar 's eyes had gray chaining his temper before ranon or any of the others caught a scent of it .
the village was packed with personal guests and representatives from every province and reserve , and trying to pick out a particular psychic scent among so many had been damn near impossible , especially after lucivar and marian arrived to represent the sadiablo family as well as cassie 's other friends in kaeleer .
he was sure of it , even if he could n't detect a psychic scent or any kind of presence .
he 'd fixed on the man 's race instead of paying attention to the jewels that did outrank his own and the psychic scent that left no doubt the other man was a warlord prince .
but those scents were just enough off - kilter that he could n't identify what was out there .
based on what he was picking up from sadi 's psychic scent , this woman was definitely the lover , and since he was a stranger , just being in the same room with her might be enough to provoke sadi into a kill .
the hunger in those gold eyes when he looked at her , the hunger that had sharpened his psychic scent ... she stopped , narrowed her blue eyes , and rocked back on her heels .
that caste had a distinctive psychic scent .
reveled in the scent of it .
and he needed the scent of her arousal , the flood of her pleasure , to fill his bed .
and there was something under all those other scents that he recognized , that he - and daemon - would have to deal with .
maybe , once he was in the village , she 'd get distracted by another of those damn smells and he could slip away , and she 'd lose the trail , the scent , whatever .
then he caught a whiff of her psychic scent and thought , oh , shit , just before he was surrounded by hard - eyed , grim - faced men who seemed to come out of nowhere - including a red - jeweled warlord who was holding a sledgehammer and was big enough to be a wall without any help .
no clean psychic scent in the village now .
sure , he 'd expressed an opinion of sorts , and he would n't have if he 'd caught sylvia 's psychic scent first .
almost too clean , he thought as he noticed the lack of psychic scent .
ebon askavi despite the unmistakable psychic scent that identified his caste , the thing that had always amazed cassidy was how a man as powerful as the high lord of hell could feel like a steward - like a man who did n't find the tedium of paperwork tedious , like a benign clerk who simply wanted to be helpful .
her psychic scent , masked by the power all around him since the high lord walked into the room behind the women , hit him a moment later .
the mattress and bed linens in the other bedroom were new and had n't absorbed the tainted psychic scent that filled the other suite .
he felt her presence , felt her psychic scent as a heat against his skin .
her scent said ` ` queen , '' but she did n't look like a queen , was n't dressed like a queen .
but his psychic scent said ` ` youth , '' even ` ` boy , '' which was a sure sign of something wrong , and that was n't good because inside that body ... warlord prince .
when gray had the window open and one leg over the sill , he realized what was missing from lucivar 's psychic scent that was there in all the other warlord princes ' scents .
when gray had the window open and one leg over the sill , he realized what was missing from lucivar 's psychic scent that was there in all the other warlord princes ' scents .
he smelled the change in her scent the moment he walked in the room .
` ` it has to stay in your closet with the rest of your clothes in order to absorb your scent , '' jazen said .
` ` so the high lord 's scent represents safety , '' daemon said .
considering her past , i would say , prince , that your scent represents pleasure and love - and trust . ''
and needed some time to think about what she was going to do in the morning when every male around her would react to the scent of moon 's blood - and to the fact that she would be vulnerable , unable to use her own power during the first three days without causing herself debilitating pain .
vae dozed on and off throughout the night , waiting for the change in scent that would tell her for certain if cassie was moody because her sire had gone home or if it was the blood time that meant cassie was n't safe around males .
well before dawn , cassie 's scent changed .
then she sniffed to confirm the scent .
no one but talon would be awake now , and he did not come to cassie 's rooms , so he would n't know about the change in her scent .
she almost made it , almost got the outside door open , when ranon stormed into the room , moving with an intent that made it plain he had caught the scent and come after her .
warlord princes rising to the killing edge and honing their tempers to lethal intensity because of a blood scent .
when she 'd first met him , gray 's psychic scent had said ` ` boy '' despite his physical maturity .
then he breathed in the scent of her .
` ` this is the first time he 's caught the scent of moon 's blood ? ''
he and cassidy must have been alone when he caught the scent .
she paid one of the clerks to find out what scent you used . ''
so she used a scent i associated with you , put on a piece of clothing that would carry my own scent .
she sounded breathless , and her scent had shifted toward arousal enough to warm his blood very nicely .
he diligently practiced the things he 'd been taught that evening and felt her melt against him , caught the intoxicating scent of her arousal , both physical and psychic .
he took a moment to sift through the messages coming from the controlled tone of beale 's voice on the psychic thread as well as the butler 's psychic scent .
` ` that may be , prince , but you do n't want the scent of blood on you .
he could n't afford to have saetan pick up that particular psychic scent .
not much to distinguish between their psychic scents or their power .
the kindred had developed a fine sense of whennot to come into the bedroom , but daemon had gotten so used to some of their psychic scents that their presence no longer roused him from sleep when they slipped into the room .
the scent of her arousal , both physical and psychic , filled him until there was nothing but need and desire .
it was n't something she put on her skin , and there was n't a scent gland under the skin .
they wanted to breathe in the scent of it , lick it , close their mouths over it , and- down , boy .
the psychic scent rolled through the lower rooms of the hall , announcing lucivar 's temper before he crossed the study 's threshold .
when they were in public , blood males rarely admitted to having the ability to pick up something in a witch 's psychic scent or physical scent that indicated her moontime .
when they were in public , blood males rarely admitted to having the ability to pick up something in a witch 's psychic scent or physical scent that indicated her moontime .
he rounded the corner and stopped , counting silently to see how long it took the young couple locked in an ardent embrace to become aware of his psychic scent and , therefore , his presence .
her eyes narrowed a little more , but he noticed the change in her psychic scent as she absorbed the fact that he was being playful instead of demanding answers .
something about her psychic scent - and her physical scent .
something about her psychic scent - and her physical scent .
recognition of his psychic scent , the jewels he wore , him as a man .
he could n't tell if they were notes to friends that she was writing to occupy the time or something else that fit the chill he detected in her psychic scent .
then there was the rush of a body coming toward him , along with the putrid psychic scent of a malevolent mind .
he caught a faint psychic scent , enhanced by a whiff of fear .
enough of her psychic scent was left , despite the layers of rage , for him to tell that she had n't been a bitch when she walked among the living .
a subtle change in her eyes , in her psychic scent .
it took a moment because her dark psychic scent permeated the walls of sadiablo hall , but he knew what was missing.who was missing .
a moment later , when her psychic scent flooded the corridors , he knew she 'd returned ... and the control on his temper frayed a bit more .
the female psychic scent hit him the moment he crossed the threshold .
* * * lucivar stopped in the corridor , the scent hitting him with the force of running into a stone wall .
some change in a witch 's psychic scent or her physical scent triggered that recognition in blood males once they reached puberty .
some change in a witch 's psychic scent or her physical scent triggered that recognition in blood males once they reached puberty .
that response was the primary reason blood males were trained to ignore the scent of moon 's blood except for the females in their own family and the circle of the court they served in .
the clean male scent of him .
and she had n't thought he 'd be able to catch the scent of moon 's blood when there was barely a hint of it yet .
` ` they 'll just pick up the scent .
with roxie discreetly staying in the background , lektra made her way to the front door , slipping into the ballroom and making a point of being seen talking to lady zhara , who had arrived late ... and also giving herself and roxie a reason to avoid walking past lucivar yaslana on the chance that he might recognize roxie by her psychic scent , despite the illusion spell .
if you rubbed some rose oil on the rim of the bowl for scent , you would n't know for sure these are n't real until you tried to touch them . ''
an illusion spell could hide what a person looked like , but it did n't change her psychic scent .
a scent that made the wild stranger inside him strain toward it , wary and eager- and hungry .
a queen 's scent .
the psychic scents of the males in the room stank of fear .
her psychic scent unnerved him .
there was something peculiar and faint about the boy 's psychic scent , but jared was too preoccupied to figure it out .
and he realized what the boy 's diminished psychic scent meant .
there was a sliminess to his psychic scent , as if he 'd been touched by something tainted .
still out of sight but coming steadily toward them were thirteen blood males - twelve warlords ... and a sapphire - jeweled warlord prince whose psychic scent had that distinctive blend of viciousness and passion that separated warlord princes from other males .
no blurring of blaed 's psychic scent , no sense of craft .
jared was n't sure if it was a subtle change in a woman 's psychic scent or a slight difference in her physical scent or a combination of both that alerted the males , but they could taste it in the air , smell it when they passed her on the street .
jared was n't sure if it was a subtle change in a woman 's psychic scent or a slight difference in her physical scent or a combination of both that alerted the males , but they could taste it in the air , smell it when they passed her on the street .
the button had the same slimy feel as garth 's psychic scent .
sadi had once said strength attracted strength , that a strong witch 's psychic scent acted like a catnip on strong blood males .
the hunger inside him grew knife - edged teeth that savaged his self - control as he caught the slight muskiness in her psychic scent that signaled a sexually mature witch .
lia 's scent was a blend of muskiness and innocence that helped sedate the hunger .
thera 's scent enraged it .
by the time i reached puberty and would have been recognized for a child of the hourglass , i 'd learned how to mask my psychic scent well enough to fool even a darker jewel .
he probed cautiously , recoiling when he brushed against a slimy psychic scent .
i think that 's why something was added to make his psychic scent so repulsive - so no one would push past it .
all of that is channeled to the one person whose psychic scent is already fouled . ''
recognizing the psychic scent , he pulled the frame away from corry 's terrified mind .
jared turned toward the boulders , opening his inner barriers as he searched for lia 's psychic scent , probed for some trace of a green jewel .
he added an aural shield and a psychic shield to the sight and protective shields already around lia so that the others would n't detect her psychic scent or hear any sounds she might make .
relieved that the men , picking up the scent of danger and violence that swirled around him , carefully moved out of his way .
` ` damn horse caught a whiff of her and has been acting like a stallion who 's caught the scent of the only mare in season . ''
lia 's psychic scent had n't changed .
being brothers , it was easy to make a link that would meld our psychic scents so that the bitch - queen could n't separate one from the other .
there was a tartness to her psychic scent that should n't have been there .
some he could still recognize by their jewels - eryk and corry , his uncle yarek , thayne - but as more and more people were added , their psychic scents began to blur and blend together .
without being able to separate one psychic scent from another , there was no easy way to tell what jewel each witch wore , and if the hayllians did n't get a good enough look to notice the golden skin , the witches could play ` ` hide the queen '' for hours - or at least long enough to prevent the hayllians from unleashing a full attack before everything was ready .
thera had linked their psychic scents together to hide the fact that lia ...
there was something about the man 's psychic scent , something tainted .
looking at lucivar 's still - glazed eyes , and picking up a strained urgency in his brother 's psychic scent , daemon obeyed .
and where was your own mother while that bitch was giving you a verbal knife ? surreal wondered as she watched shadows gather in the woman 's eyes and picked up a flicker of shame in the psychic scent .
oh , he remembered that dark scent .
the psychic scent was definitely male - but there was something about it that was just a little off .
when he caught a whiff of her psychic scent , he spun around and stared at her until she turned the corner and disappeared .
he did n't want her physical presence or her psychic scent in his rooms .
those of us who have would notice the similarities in your psychic scents and reach the correct conclusion . ''
the scent of her fear was sufficient .
ladvarian 's psychic scent became hostile .
despite the difference in their species , he recognized the aggressive psychic scent of another warlord prince .
as she stood up , the door opened and his dark psychic scent flooded the room .
he was n't standing close enough to her to catch the scent , but he could tell by the sudden blaze in daemon 's eyes and the sharpness in lucivar 's that her moon 's blood had started .
by the time she caught up to them , titian was questing back and forth in the corridor like a hound searching for a scent while saetan prowled more slowly .
the only thing they could n't anticipate was a harpy catching a trace of his true psychic scent .
a brute of a man whose psychic scent had made his skin crawl .
at first he thought it was that witch dorothea called the dark priestess , but there was something slimy about the dark priestess 's psychic scent and this one 's scent ... kartane frowned .
at first he thought it was that witch dorothea called the dark priestess , but there was something slimy about the dark priestess 's psychic scent and this one 's scent ... kartane frowned .
he could n't detect a psychic scent at all .
breathed in the scent of her .
something about that one 's scent ...
like its psychic scent , there was something about this human that tasted like bad meat .
he did n't need the whiff of rot present in some of the psychic scents to recognize dorothea 's hand in this .
he stepped over corpses , homed in on the psychic scents that had a flavor he associated with dorothea , and killed those fighters so swiftly , so cleanly their opponents froze for a moment , stunned and confused .
there should be human smells as well as a residual psychic scent from the humans who had made the bed , mattress , and bedcovers .
` ` there are no psychic scents to interfere with the weaving of dreams . ''
clothes that will be strong with her scent , even if they ' ve been cleaned . ''
* * the weaver of dreams told me to learn the two - legged cat 's scent and follow his tracks .
cautiously sending out a psychic probe , lucivar caught all the emotional scents .
his nostrils flared as he caught a scent he remembered too well .
` ` you know that statement will spread through hell faster than the scent of fresh blood . ''
jaenelle had n't had the chance to imprint them with her psychic scent and make them her own .
there was an unexpected fragility in daemon 's psychic scent .
but he 'd also learned that jaenelle left such a strong psychic scent , it was sometimes difficult to locate her .
now her presence filled the huge keep , and her dark , delicious psychic scent was a pleasure and a torment .
it was a scent that was gently wild and elusive , that captivated a male because it did n't try to capture him .
his dark scent was unmistakable .
a dark psychic scent .
for a moment , that dark scent became swift and penetrating .
in that moment , saetan caught the psychic scent he was searching for .
what other kindred might know the sound of her voice , her dark psychic scent ?
curiosity about how humans marked their territory since he had n't smelled any scent markers in this stone place .
perfume wo n't help what 's troubling you , lord friall , saetan thought coldly.my psychic scent permeates the very stones of the hall .
catching the psychic scent and the emotional undercurrents , saetan whistled a sharp command and resigned himself to disaster .
and the difference in daemon 's psychic scent bothered him .
lucivar 's lip curled automatically when he caught the feminine psychic scent that saturated the walls and wood .
for some reason , that psychic scent did n't repulse him .
he wanted to rub against her so thathis physical scent onher warned others that a powerful male had some claim to her , was claimed by her .
draca 's psychic scent , filled with great age and old , dark power , unnerved him as much as the reptilian cast of her features .
but there was something strange about his psychic scent , something inexplicably different .
she 'd caught the psychic scent of a grown male and had reached automatically for a knife .
the dark psychic scent was similar , yet subtly different .
he 'd caught the scent of feminine anger .
he doubted a four - footed predator would want what was left in the food pack enough to challenge the combined scents of human and wolf , but they were on the northern border of ebon rih and uncomfortably close to jhinka territory .
under nor ' mal circumstances , he might have assumed the man was another landen , but he 'd seen too many men in similar circumstances not to recognize a weak psychic scent .
landen minds were too weak to give off a psychic scent , but hers did .
he 'd thought the young man 's psychic scent was so weak because of the seriousness of the wounds .
but if a red - jeweled black widow high priestess was staying at the country lodge she kept for more vigorous and imaginative evenings , and if he happened to become aware of a witch living there quietly ... well , her psychic scent permeated the place and he might not take the time to distinguish between the scent of the place and the occupant 's psychic scent .
but if a red - jeweled black widow high priestess was staying at the country lodge she kept for more vigorous and imaginative evenings , and if he happened to become aware of a witch living there quietly ... well , her psychic scent permeated the place and he might not take the time to distinguish between the scent of the place and the occupant 's psychic scent .
but if a red - jeweled black widow high priestess was staying at the country lodge she kept for more vigorous and imaginative evenings , and if he happened to become aware of a witch living there quietly ... well , her psychic scent permeated the place and he might not take the time to distinguish between the scent of the place and the occupant 's psychic scent .
he caught her psychic scent before he noticed the glittering trail .
unlike the other slaves who could n't contain their misery or fear , there was no expression in lucivar 's gold eyes , no psychic scent of emotions for the guards to play with as they put the sobbing man into the old , one - man boat .
a vicious brawl would keep zuultah distracted , and the violent emotions would cover up any lingering psychic scent from the girl .
harpies had a distinctive psychic scent , and this one , patiently waiting for him to acknowledge her presence , made him uneasy .
the shame and bitterness saturating daemon 's psychic scent scraped a nerve he had refused to probe over the past five years .
you know how he hates the scent of a woman 's musk . ''
he 'd changed enough since he 'd last seen her that she might not recognize his psychic scent .
she had no musky smell of woman , no psychic scent of a witch come to power .
he loathed the hunger in her eyes and the muskiness of her psychic scent , but knowing he was required to play the game , he smiled at her and closed the door .
her psychic scent struck him the moment he opened his bedroom door .
the psychic scent was almost gone , but he recognized it .
a dark scent .
a powerful , terrifying , wonderful scent .
a room where she had slept would still be strong with her psychic scent , even if it had been cleaned .
the scent was strong in this room .
even though it was clean , the room had the dusty , musty smell of old books , but a physical scent would n't obscure a psychic one .
that dark scent ... like the body that housed it , a witch 's psychic scent had a muskiness that a blood male could find as arousing as the body - if not more so .
that dark scent ... like the body that housed it , a witch 's psychic scent had a muskiness that a blood male could find as arousing as the body - if not more so .
he was male , he was intruding , and , like her , it would only take a few minutes for his own dark psychic scent to be impressed on the room for anyone to read .
but the dolls and stuffed animals - the scent was on them only because they were in this room .
it had been a while since they 'd been worn , and the scent was faint in them , too .
he could understand finding her psychic scent in the library .
even with the fresh air and the other garden smells , the dark psychic scent was strong there .
they wanted to blame him , wanted to believe he 'd done something to upset the girls , wanted to believe that the scent of the restrained violence was male and not female in origin .
she had the scent of the graveyard about her , and her keen malevolence frightened and excited him .
4 - terreille as cassandra opened the cupboard where she kept the wineglasses , she felt the dark male presence at the kitchen door , that unmistakable scent of the black .
only one male 's psychic scent could be mistaken for saetan 's .
the psychic scent hit him before he touched the door .
her psychic scent distracted him .
daemon ran his hand along dancer 's neck , regretting having washed jaenelle 's scent from his skin when the horse turned its head toward him , looking for reassurance .
and following the blood scent , they would be able to trace her .
i was enthralled by the scent of him .
his scent was stronger here , the heat concentrated .
i did n't look at him too closely , letting him come to me , allowing the dog to get used to my scent .
and another scent , light at first but intensifying as she made her way through the men .
i wonder if your taste will be as sweet as your scent ?
i was surrounded by simon , and even his scent was turning me on , equal parts peppery spice and thick spanish brandy .
seriously , if it were kate i 'd be mounting her in public and marking her with my scent like a rabid dog . ''
and just like that - like we 'd only been discussing the weather - he walked past us and out of the room , leaving the faint scent of coppery metal in his wake .
the world opened into smells and sounds that i could n't have detected in my human form , including the trail of scent and magic that now led into the woods in front of us .
it smelled the same as it had three days go , but i realized that the scent was deeper .
there were no sounds , no smells , no indications that anyone had been near the house beyond the light , acrid scent of car exhaust .
the locker room was bright , empty , and clean , but like all locker rooms , it carried the ubiquitous scent of sweat and cleaning products .
the scent hit when we stepped outside the car , flashlights and swords in hand .
i focused on scent , imagined myself a predator , primed for the hunt ( full though i may have been of salmon and asparagus ) .
the faint smell of animal lingered , but it lay beneath the other scents in the room .
i recognized the scent of it - i was at mallory 's house , in my old bedroom .
a breeze swept through the gaping hole in the front of the bar , carrying the scents of hot metal and gunpowder and the sounds of sirens as they hurried toward us .
i walked to the bar , where the scent of blood was stronger , and gingerly touched my fingertips to a spot on the wood .
it was the same scent i 'd caught the last time i 'd seen him .
the scent of his blood triggered those memories again , and i knew my own eyes had silvered , even if i was n't thrilled about bring tempted .
she nodded , and as soon as the brawler and the rest of the vamps began to move toward the waves of scent , we bolted .
it carried no scent , and it was completely silent .
it just was n't the kind of scent you expected from a man as cold - blooded as tate .
there was no sign of the source of the vinegary smel , but the scent was definitely stronger down here .
that first step taken , the second , third , and fourth were easier , and i was nearly to the fairies and the scent was delectable ... ` ` merit !
not an altogether bad scent , but nothing i wanted to drink .
- but there was no denying the scent , or whom it signaled .
malory had disappeared just before i caught tate 's signature scent on the wind - but she 'd been nowhere near the silo or the maleficium .
we stepped outside to the sharp , acrid scent of smoke .
i opened my senses and caught the sharp , wild scent of animal .
and beneath al of those smels , a sharp , dry scent .
but beneath that scent , there was something more ... the same scent of chalk that i smeled now .
but beneath that scent , there was something more ... the same scent of chalk that i smeled now .
it was as if my heart knew his scent , his body , and his magic , and anticipated his bite .
the scent of blood spilled from the vault , and i was glad i 'd had blood before i left the house .
the scent of barbecue filled the air .
i was too high up to scent blood , but there seemed little doubt the tiger would have drawn it .
behind them on the icy concrete lay the bodies of louie and angelo , their limbs splayed in awkward angles , the scent of blood in the air .
he stepped around me and stalked off around the house , leaving the scent of expensive cologne in his wake .
the smell of it was just as pungent as the rest of her body , more like vinegar than the penny scent of human blood .
` ` ready , '' i told her , trying to drown out the noise and the fire and the scent of blood and the snow of molted black feathers that fell from the sky .
some shifters fought ; others lay on the ground , unmoving , the scents of untimely deaths moving across the field , thrown into the air by the flap of wings .
and beneath it all , the acrid scent of animals .
the air on aline 's front porch smelled more like a city - more smoke , more vehicle exhaust , even the scent of food from the carnival down the road .
jeff 's right eye was cut and swollen , and the air carried the peppery scent of blood .
the scent was nearly tangible ; i could practically see the wavy lines of meat smoke rising off the box .
we stood on the edge of the lot , surveying the darkness , eyes straining for any sign or scent of the girl who 'd so handily eluded me .
the rest of the ride and game operators were human , and there was no other scent or feel of magic in the air .
chapter two face - off my adrenaline began to race , and time seemed to slow to a syrupy crawl - every movement exaggerated , every scent stronger , every sound louder .
vampires were innately attracted to the scent of blood , but there was nothing attractive about this scent , mixed as it was with the unmistakable odor of death .
vampires were innately attracted to the scent of blood , but there was nothing attractive about this scent , mixed as it was with the unmistakable odor of death .
the scent of it interested my vampire sensibilities , but i ignored the surge of interest and leaned down .
the scent of death was lifted by the breeze , and i used every bit of control to block it out .
his scent was intoxicating .
the putrid scent of lingering liquor on his breath made my stomach churn .
it was the scent of anger , abuse .
the scent of that damned cinnamon schnapps gusted over my face .
it was n't an overpowering scent , though .
15 talie some jerk down the beach was teasing me with the scent of grilling meat .
the scent of burning rubber and spilled gasoline filled the air .
it was musty down here , the air thick with dampness and the scent of mold .
his scent was more masculine than usual .
the sound of squealing tires and the scent of burning rubber filled the air as i sped away .
it also drifted the still lingering scent of melted plastic and burned timber toward us .
i backed away ... farther into the room , farther into the flames , and the scent of burned flesh and human hair began to fill the space around me .
did they breathe in deep every time he stepped near just to get a whiff of the scent that only he carried ?
sam recognized the scent of his surroundings .
he used the spray feature on the spigot to douse the flames until the only thing left was the very strong scent of burned eggs and metal .
but my enjoyment was short - lived because right after the scent came two people .
if i really tried , i thought i could catch a hint of his deep scent .
i smelled the metallic , bitter scent of blood and memories came flooding back .
` ` you have amplified scent and hearing , logan .
then i picked up another scent .
plus , the scent of the horses should cover any other scents that we left here this morning while burying it .
plus , the scent of the horses should cover any other scents that we left here this morning while burying it .
i could move faster on foot , my senses able to pick up his scent if he were nearby but what if he was hurt ?
before i even heard her , i caught her scent and i was lost .
i did n't smell her because the heavy door blocked her scent , and we had n't been over here at all except for now .
the scent of breakfast wafted all the way upstairs and made my stomach growl viciously .
i would be able to use my senses and hopefully catch her scent to know where she was i got out of the truck and ran across the street .
i took in a deep breath and caught the scent that was distinctly china .
the scent of fear filled my nostrils .
the scent of death filled my nostrils .
i was lucky he was so busy mooning over her and calling the police to catch my scent now .
his body heat and scent calmed me .
with any luck the scent of him would still be there later when i wore his shirt to bed .
the scent of death clung to the air , leaving it heavy and regretful .
it was a thick scent , but it was n't heavy .
his scent was on my blankets .
above the usual filth of the cavern , he smelled a scent different from the vampires who usually took shifts - a human smell , one that filled him with rage .
he drew in a deep breath and recognized the human scent from earlier , from the one determined to get the extinction weapon .
because she was so physically close , however , a more urgent problem surfaced as he caught the rich scent of her blood .
the scent of fear beat at him and his fangs emerged .
his scent followed , suffusing the air with strong herbs and what she 'd come to know as adrien .
his scent , now surrounding her thickly , made mush of her thoughts .
your scent .
but lily was willing and by the scent of her , she 'd be more than happy to donate .
the scent was very male and weakened her knees .
uncorking the small plastic tube , she held it beneath his nose , hoping he 'd catch the scent .
chapter 2 lucian gathered claire up in his arms , working hard to ignore the scent of her blood .
she became aware of just how male he was , and how much his scent appealed to her .
` ` what 's with the rich scent you 're throwing at me ?
the scent of her blood came to him like a sharp blade of sensation .
the sharp scent of her aroused sex flowed over him so that he had his answer before she spoke the words within his mind .
but all of it was a nightmare starting with the bizarre fact that grace had caught the scent of not one but two brehs : himself and casimir .
he wanted to kill casimir , to slay him for having taken his woman , having lured her with his scent and his power , having stolen her from him .
only then did the forest scent of him rush at her , forcing her to step back and back .
but the scent she recognized .
that 's what i smell , you know , when i ' m around you , your breh - hedden scent .
as he looked around , however , he caught a scent , something similar to grace 's scent , yet different .
as he looked around , however , he caught a scent , something similar to grace 's scent , yet different .
the trouble was , he liked the scent and the scent liked him so that he began to be aroused .
the trouble was , he liked the scent and the scent liked him so that he began to be aroused .
he chose therefore to ignore the scent , believing it must be his imagination .
casimir thought about the scent he 'd smelled earlier .
and the scent belonged to this woman .
worse , her scent was about a hundred times stronger than he 'd ever experienced with grace .
` ` you know , this is really strange that i ' ve caught your scent like this . ''
the nature of her scent , so similar to grace 's , now made sense .
` ` as for the bed , '' he began , ` ` believe me , patience , if i 'd caught your scent even three months ago , that bed would already be out of the wall .
` ` your scent . ''
the scent tempted her .
her nostrils flared as she took in his scent .
you and i were soul mates , we understood each other , but as soon as you caught her scent , you were hers body and soul . ''
your scent has this room clouded , and i ' m not blocking any of your physical sensations . ''
` ` now your scent is filling the room . ''
unfortunately , another scent crowded the space .
her scent was heavy in the air .
dammit , she liked that scent way too much , and it liked her , right between her legs .
and her scent was much stronger now that he stood beside her .
` ` oh , your scent .
but with his scent thick in her nostrils , her sinuses , her brain , all the poetry she 'd written throughout the years , the erotic , forbidden verses , kept rushing back at her until she ached so fiercely she wanted to scream .
he 'd lived in all four dimensions during the course of his life , his very long and in many ways satisfying life , but he 'd never faced this ; an unexpected erotic scent of a woman , an ascended vampire , a devotiate , which had only one but quite impossible interpretation : the breh - hedden .
as he engaged the first sword - strike , however , he caught the scent of rose .
that 's when he caught her scent .
the scent grew stronger .
however , he could n't quite bring himself to give a rat 's ass about anything right now , except a certain scent that had bored a hole into his brain and kept his c**k in an uproar .
his scent , so very male and infused with just a hint of that sweet cherry tobacco bouquet , had the same usual effect .
his scent flooded her mind .
worse , however , was that he had a scent that kept her very female body in a state of almost constant arousal , a scent that was completely ridiculous .
worse , however , was that he had a scent that kept her very female body in a state of almost constant arousal , a scent that was completely ridiculous .
he knew exactly what she was feeling , since for him she had the scent of a french patisserie .
given the recent rise of the breh - hedden among the ranks , he had for a while suspected that marguerite was his breh , but the two of them lacked one critical quality essential to vampire mate - bonding : they did n't share a special scent with each other .
he knew because her scent came to him in soft waves of desire even now .
of course , her scent rolled toward him in heavy waves , which meant that she knew exactly where he was and that she was thinking about him , just as he thought of her .
and she did n't have a special scent , either , which of course meant that even though marguerite had become his goddam raison d'etre , she could never be his breh .
` ` no doubt an entire plantation of coffee beans , a factory , smokestacks billowing my scent . ''
her scent thickened the space between .
though desire rolled through her as it always did when she caught his scent , a delicious lethargy took hold of her as well .
would his blood be flavored like his scent or would he taste of something more , something exotic perhaps ?
his scent surrounded her but instead of the usual coffee dominating , that which was male was in the fore , very male .
i want you with the ferocity of an animal and a little while ago , i took you the way i have been wanting you since i first caught your wonderful scent in toulouse .
he insisted she was too short and did not have a scent that he could perceive .
` ` your scent is intoxicating , cherie . ''
he loved that she referred so quickly to the scent he must be giving off .
he could only draw air into his nose and savor her sweet dangerous scent .
his jaw quivered as he groaned and a heavy roll of his coffee male scent nearly knocked her backward a few feet .
he did not understand the power that the breh - hedden had wielded over his life since he first caught fiona 's lovely patisserie scent .
from the moment he had first caught parisa 's scent , the one thing he could count on was a fierce demanding erection when she was near .
it was lemon furniture polish - or at least that was the closest she could come to approximating his scent .
he tried to keep his distance because his c**k was responding to her scent and he was already hard again .
i can taste sage as though your scent flavors even your blood .
your scent clogs all my logic and most of my sensitivity . ''
oui , the scent was there .
the scent became a whirlwind and swept through his body , changing him into something he had never been before .
he picked up the scent and drank it into his body , into every cell .
he hunted the scent through the room , but only the bed held it .
nothing , yet the scent was stronger .
the scent was coming from the bottom and from the left .
the scent grew stronger and stronger .
there was nothing more of the scent to be found .
all that mattered now was finding the woman , fiona , the one who had a scent like a french boulangerie .
he thought back to that moment of seeing parisa for the first time in the kitchen of his villa , of having caught her tangerine scent , of having been driven toward her in a hypersexual way .
but then until she 'd caught medichi 's sage scent , never would she have thought to experience such terrible need from a spice reminiscent of poultry and thanksgiving , for god 's sake .
the one he had found at the base of the armoire in toulouse , the one that held the scent of his woman , of fiona .
but the scent would fade .
she nodded but then she caught the scent of the coffee in the mug - and then the smell of him .
his lips parted and the scent of him began to roll in heavy waves so that she was surrounded by his scent .
he caught a scent and stiffened from head to toe .
she had a scent meant just for him , an anomaly in their relationship , since specific mutual scents did n't occur in the usual course of ascended vampire life .
what did it mean that she gave off a scent he could detect ?
her chest drew into a knot as her nostrils flared and she breathed in the toffee - male scent of him .
anytime he was around her , he knew he would catch her scent and want her just like the first , second , third , and hundredth time at the blood and bite .
once the tears ceased , however , the real frustration began , because it was warrior marcus 's scent that lingered on her body .
warrior marcus had not even come into view , but his scent preceded him .
given her scent , she 'd probably succumb , so shit .
she 'd been to see endelle that same night and left her signature scent behind , a rich bouquet that had worked him up before he even knew the source or the why of it .
the second time her scent had pounded him was at the cave .
so leto had gotten a head start then had deliberately switched the coordinates on the grid to throw him off the scent .
she caught the scent of sweet sage everywhere and had to conclude that since this was medichi 's home , the sage smell must belong to him .
she drank in the scent .
she settled into the deep cushion of the chair and was immediately engulfed with what she now believed to be the warrior 's scent .
you gave me this delicious wave of your scent then an ice wall . ''
his scent had n't changed , he was one licorice twizzler and she wanted her tongue all over him .
what the hell was that scent ?
only it was n't the scent of an orange exactly .
of course it helped that he still had havily 's scent in his nose , thick this time , rich with sex .
havily could n't bear looking at her because she knew exactly what parisa was feeling , the depth of the sexual desire and attraction , the flood of scent that was right now passing only between the two of them , specific scents meant only for each other .
her scent is near the bed .
he 'd had these documents drawn up about three and a half months ago , as though he 'd known even then that the moment he 'd caught havily 's scent his life had changed , permanently .
his fangs emerged , the scent of her rich in his nose .
what he needed was a scent meant only for him , a myth , a woman who could fill all the deep gorges of his heart .
holy shit , the scent was her .
she could smell what he was giving , a scent that had only one meaning in his world and could only be detected by someone meant for him .
` ` which explains the scent ...
he was only concerned about one scent right now , although he feared the smell of lavender more than a hundred of the commander 's death vampires .
a number of scents plowed into his brain and he sorted through them one after the other .
now he was imagining alison 's scent .
the scent was stronger .
he picked up each woman 's scent and cast it aside again and again , his search specific , his hunger rising , his fangs lengthening .
the trail of her scent reached him and struck hard .
he ignored the odd smell and his body 's reaction to the scent .
the scent was stronger now and very familiar .
he kept glancing around trying to place the scent , which right now tickled his balls .
her scent stroked him again .
so clear that for just a moment , he caught a familiar scent , the one he had smelled at endelle 's .
this time the scent was stronger and his eyes rolled back in his head .
his fangs would emerge next because the room was so rich with his scent , she was sure if she took a deep enough breath she could taste it on her tongue .
his scent tormented her .
god , she was beneath him , just where he 'd wanted her from the moment he first caught her scent , the moment at the medical complex when she had folded in front of him .
the scent aroused him .
never had he been so drawn to a woman , so enthralled by her presence and by her scent .
he had been avoiding this moment from the first time he arrived on second and caught her honeysuckle scent in endelle 's office .
warrior marcus was not worth even one thought , let alone the thousand she had spent on him since she had first caught his fennel scent at the cave .
if her scent was any indication , she 'd welcome it .
he felt as though lavender had been imprinted on his sinuses and brain and he could n't get rid of the scent .
she drew her wings abruptly into her wing - locks , a movement that caused a breeze to flow over alison as well as a slight scent of animal .
he did n't have a name for her scent , but he wanted his tongue on her to find out every nuance of her deepest flavor .
* * * * * * * * * batya could barely see quinlan behind the layering of sheer gold , blue , and hot pink fabric that hung in loose swathes over her window , but she caught his scent , like smoky applewood , something burning hot on a barbeque .
he smelled the female though , a dark rancid scent that he knew from a battle six months ago in bergisson realm .
she knew he 'd caught her scent as well as the level of her sudden desire .
the hell if i know , but damn i want you and when your scent poured over me i thought i 'd come apart , run you down , flatten you on the floor .
when she looked up , she saw the dark night sky through a jute web , something laced with fierce preternatural power and the trap had a familiar scent of rotting garbage .
but something else struck his nostrils , the scent of dark fae magic , as though it waited there .
as he moved past her , she caught a scent , something wild and pungent , almost erotic , yet tough , like it grew on rocky hillsides .
he had meant to follow right after finn and the other men , but the scent stopped him .
beneath that fruit - laden aphrodisiac , he caught another layer of scent : the woman 's blood , and it was like nothing he 'd ever smelled before , like she had rivers of it and it was meant for him .
samantha 's nostrils flared and for a sudden powerful moment , ry 's scent came to her and , worse , she liked it .
she then related the events at club prave , how ethan had caught her scent or felt her vibration or something , how he 'd looked at her , the way she 'd felt about him though she knew him only by reputation , that she 'd connected with what he called his personal frequency , that her heart had become sluggish and he 'd called her a blood rose .
she did n't remember the ride , only that her nose kept sniffing the leather of his uniform and the tangy male scent of his neck .
` ` yes and your scent is wonderful as well , like something wild that grows on a mountainside ; earthy , grassy , tangy .
he did n't need an answer , not really , not when the scent of her sex now permeated the moist , cool air .
but ever since abigail kirkland had made her presence known and felt in merhaine , he 'd been held hostage by even the scent of her .
and when the doors open , he smelled her vampire scent .
it hovered around mortals , their blood scent like an aura .
she 'd just attributed the lack of blood scent to his death .
she was about to respond , to toss off some witty reference to his sexual prowess , when she smelled the scent of vampire in the air .
but in contrast , her br**sts had swelled , were rounder and more robust than they had been before , and her scent was different .
he would recognize her scent anywhere , and while he had n't been able to understand her words , he knew that lilting compassionate voice well .
it looked presentable , and he suspected only vampire nostrils could detect the sour scent .
and he would swear on his mother 's grave that he was catching the scent of arousal from her .
i did notice his scent on you , but i thought it was because you are carrying his child . ''
seamus stood up , paced back and forth.ignored the hunger that gnawed at his gut from the scent of her blood spilling out over the street .
it was almost a chemical scent . ''
now he wanted to seal that , put his scent on her .
seamus 's scent enveloped her .
there was a scent lingering over him , different from mortals .
` ` a female instinctively responds to the scent of a male and she is subconsciously drawn to the specimen she thinks will ensure her progeny 's survival . ''
chemistry was about reactions and that first night we 'd met , she had responded to my scent , and here we were .
except that she was acutely aware of the fact that she was n't wearing panties , and that vampires had excellent powers of scent .
she recognized her kind and his lack of a blood scent .
the rancid scent of old vomit and urine .
the problem was , his scent just might .
he scent was familiar , the feel of his hands over her ni**les not .
the scent was even stronger , a bitter salty venom .
i had n't thought about the fact that my scent would be on his lips , his tongue , and while it startled me , i did n't mind .
i knew his scent now , his laugh , his movements , expressions .
over the taxi , across the street , and all the way into danny 's pickup shelby could smell the cold hard scent of money .
god , he could n't take her rejection right this second , when they still had the scent of each other on their skin , and he felt so much love for her , he could just about burst from it .
but she was having a hard time convincing herself of her intelligence at the moment as she snuggled in the sheets hoping for a lingering scent of him .
as he raced closer to the helicopter , he could already almost smell the familiarity of it , a mustiness of past missions mingling with the scent of hydraulic fluid .
jose peered over the balcony , the scent of spiced meat rising from a vendor 's cart .
and it was mighty damn dense , carrying the scent of hydraulic fumes and fear .
chapter 14 deja vu swelled over annie in waves , as potently and vaguely nauseating as the scent of jet fuel in the back of the cargo craft .
she sucked in a bracing breath , the scent of ammonia cleaner hanging in the air .
he wanted to stroke away the worry from her eyes , but the scent of burning stir - fry stung his nose .
but she could swear liam was with her , the scent of him , the intense energy he brought into a room .
the appalling scent of decaying bodies , still drifting out of the remaining rubble .
` ` the dog there - zorro , i think they called him - found the scent , but he 's worn out and has an injured paw . ''
yet nothing could wash away the scent of death , the fear of more bad news lurking under the rubble .
even the antiseptic scent of cleaners burned off the hellish stench outside their haven .
the acrid gunshot scent stung her nose along with an increasing fruity smell .
the scent grew thicker inside the van , mixing with the unmistakable stench of leaking gasoline .
but there was a scent .
` ` since disco found them before , we could set him on their scent again at the hospital .
liam looked up fast as rachel announced , ` ` he 's locked in on the scent . ''
they 'd even sent out a search dog , only to have the dog lose the scent in the parking lot .
the scent of bleach from the fabric bedrolls eased the thick air that made standing outside damn near unbearable .
the scent of gasoline drifted by and she realized he must already be filling the tank .
the appalling scent of decaying bodies still drifting out of the remaining rubble .
jocelyn reeked with the scent of a cornered animal .
she slammed through the front doors and burst outside , leaving behind the musty , sweaty scent of the gym .
after all day sitting in the truck with her , catching the scent of her with every gust of air his way , he hurt all the way to his teeth from having her so close and not being able to touch her .
the acrid scent of shots and smoke stung her nose .
no more getting worked up over the scent of jasmine .
her frustration increased all the more with the musky scent of him so close and distracting .
the gunman crumpled to the ground a second before the acrid scent of gunfire bit the air .
even the scent of italian java steaming upward could n't disguise the antiseptic scent .
somebody could market that scent for a mint .
every nerve ending inside him shouted in unison as he caught the scent of her .
chuck set the gun aside and looped his arms around her waist , kissing her hard and fast and hoping that the taste of her , the scent of her , the feel of her body would calm the roaring in his head .
at least the kooky guy offered up a distraction from the sweet scent of jill sitting between them .
he breathed in the scent of her , the scent of them together and alive at the end of a day that could have turned out so horribly differently .
smoke with a distinctive scent rising above even the stench of rotting garbage .
her trembling , however , tugged at him far more than her scent .
the scent of her threatened to send him over the edge , and he shifted his attention to peeling her pants off her legs .
he gasped in air tinged with the scent of hydraulic fluid and sprinted toward the load ramp .
vapor settled the aircraft into the pasture beside the wooden building , the back ramp open and gusting in the scent of muddy rain .
the musty scent of hydraulic fluid and wet gear .
the taste of her still on him , the scent of them around him , he could n't hide from the truth .
or at the smoky scent of a bonfire launching an acrid tint to the night breeze ?
the regular scents of hay and leather offered none of the normal calm she found here in the barn , her realm .
and manners be damned , the whole company be damned , stone left with his dog , a dog that carried the scent of bluebonnets from johanna .
he could also smell the lingering scent of hotel cleaning supplies , but it mingled with something essentially dee .
the scent of her filled him , spurring him to take this further , deeper , but what did she want ?
and double damn , but why could he still recognize her scent even after seven months ?
he 'd been so hell - bent on getting out of there , the scent of whiskey and rum taking him to dangerous mental places .
she sank to rest at the foot of her bed in the middle of tangled sheets and the scent of them together .
carson stepped alongside the old loadmaster and leaned his elbows on the porch railing while a rusted - out truck chugged past , exhaust mingling with the scent of mulchy leaves .
even through the pounding in her head , nikki recognized carson 's scent and the sound of his well - tuned truck .
after giving statements , she and carson had swept away the glass from the cab of the truck and driven home with the windows open to air out the scent of alcohol and those hellish moments of abject fear .
sara 's chin - length hair tickled his face , hints of her floral shampoo blending with the acrid scent of gunfire .
sara could almost swear the air smelled better outside ramon 's fortress walls , even with the steamy humidity laden with the scent of decomposing undergrowth .
he needed to get out of here but he wanted more than anything to haul her close , hard and inhale the scent of the woman who 'd tormented his dreams for five long years .
he opened his eyes , ready to haul out of the enclosed space so the scent could dissipate .
ah , geez , was he actually leaning closer , his nostrils flaring as if catching her scent like a stallion choosing a mate ?
paige kicked the door closed behind her , the scent of ammonia - washed tile greeting her with antiseptic reality .
time for more truth , well , except for the part about how the scent of paige slathered in coconut oil twisted his libido inside out .
close enough to catch the scent of leather .
fishing the house key out of her pocket , she eased down a stair , farther from the heat of his thigh and the scent of leather .
she drew in a shaky breath and found the scent of him , fuller , stronger .
's scent .
knew she would continue to remember , ache even after his hands and scent slid away .
the knowledge filled him like sydney 's scent still clinging to him , overriding the dank must of the sand under him .
she was n't sure , only knew the familiar musky scent of them together swirled around her , arousing .
as they loaded the private into the cracker box army ambulance , the scent hit him .
his chest expanded and she knew he was catching her scent .
smoke spiraled inside , mingling with the ripe scent of fresh - cut boards .
even in her inexperienced state she knew the scent well .
darcy and innocence tinged with the harsh scent of smoke making him want to hold her all the tighter .
just the scent of her drifting over him stole what little control he had left .
he cupped the back of her head and gave himself two seconds just to hold her , breathe in the scent of her to chase away the stench of smoke and fear of her dying .
the scent of military - issue equipment wafted up , the familiar mix of must and hydraulic fluid bringing an odd comfort .
it held the same detergent scent as gray 's flight suit .
the scent alone was positively orgasmic .
his scent , his touch , his gorgeous naked body , she thought , just as he strode into the room .
with that thought , lacey decided she 'd had enough of being surrounded by ty - his scent , his things , him .
her scent and her touch would be with him wherever he went .
maybe if his strength were n't so potent , his scent so seductive , she would n't feel as dizzy and overwhelmed .
to throw juliette off his proverbial scent .
his scent seduced her .
her delicious scent might make that promise damned difficult , but he knew he would keep it .
the sheer male scent of him wreaked havoc with her hormones .
his scent , his heat all worked to get her all stirred up again .
he inhaled and smelled a combination of musty aromas from the old apartments and the scent of good old - fashioned cooking - all as familiar to him as his own mother .
his scent enticed her and his kiss held checked passion and a respect she 'd rarely felt from a man .
the scent of burning wood filled her nose .
as soon as he stepped inside , he became hyperaware of kelly ; her scent , her essence , and of course the memories of what they 'd done in that back room .
he asked , guessing her scent .
his musky scent aroused her , but she was n't in the mood for sex or conversation .
the sweat - soaked , masculine football player who made a female look and feel feminine in comparison to his size , bulk and scent .
she 'd used the same scent or something similar since the day they 'd met .
he climbed into the front of the van and turned the key and thought again about the peachy scent of avery nesbitt .
noah 's scent was as distinctive as he was .
and the scent of him .
even now she was wandering out of their hiding place , nose to the ground , more interested in some scent than indio 's frantic call .
whether by scent or some more primitive means - perhaps an alchemy of souls - she felt him bone - deep .
driven by the scent of a willing female and his own innate animal drive ?
perhaps he sensed movement or the scent of something else besides the dog .
she saw his nostrils flare as if he , too , had caught her scent .
` ` your scent .
he wanted them away from the scent of death and tragedy .
the wind shifted , blowing the smell of the river at her : rotting fish and wet mud , and beneath that the scent of ancient water flowing endlessly to the sea .
it might have been the faint scent of a woman , or perhaps he heard a low gasp .
but the moment she 'd entered the woman 's apartment , she 'd immediately caught the astringent scent of gin .
she still trembled from the scent of his throat , the steel of his arms .
her scent was strong this close , the scent of a woman .
her scent was strong this close , the scent of a woman .
the scent of his skin was hot and masculine .
she caught the scent of sandalwood .
he 'd caught the scent again as he 'd bent over her white hand this afternoon .
the scent should have been repulsive , but she found it strangely intimate instead .
it only knew that the lady had been willing , and like a hound set to a scent , it was already proudly awake and ready for the chase .
lord , his scent was addictive .
they wandered into the thicket , where it immediately got shadier and the scent grew stronger .
the air in the cellar was damp , the scent of mold and sour grapes permeating it .
they raced down a narrow hallway boasting exposed ductwork and the scent of mildew , then reached a set of wooden steps that d climbed two at a time .
the scent of her flooded his nostrils .
the scent of burning rubber filtered into the car as she sped out of the parking lot in a screech of tires .
his scent is the last thing that registers as i become still and silent .
i imagined that within these confines the scent would be overpowering and sickening .
i tried to focus on his smell but even his scent of cloves and sweat could n't block the hideous reek of this place .
his fingernails scraped against my skin , a growl of pleasure escaped him when the scent of my blood hit the air .
i could sense bethany nearby though and the scent of her was enough to drive my thirst to nearly epic levels .
i breathed it in gratefully as i savored in its crispness , and the scent of the rotting leaves that littered the tree beds .
even the scent of death seemed to have abated during our time underground and it was wonderful to breathe air that did n't harbor the aroma of mildew , rats , and body odor .
yes , it was definitely blood that stained the wood that bleak color , my nose pricked at the scent of it , my stomach rumbled but i ignored it as i focused on abby , aiden , jenna , molly and bret standing near bishop and lloyd by the gates .
i frowned at the child , unable to place what she was as her scent completely threw me off .
there was nothing on earth that our scent quite compared to but i supposed the closest thing would be the scent of a fresh spring rain .
there was nothing on earth that our scent quite compared to but i supposed the closest thing would be the scent of a fresh spring rain .
i did n't look back as i turned and walked away , but i caught the scent of her tears as i made my way out of the small clearing .
the blood was the color of coal in the dim moonlight but the scent of it assailed me .
i clung to it for a long moment , its scent was pungent but i did not pull away from the pitiful animal .
the scent of dirt and rotting leaves assaulted me .
the scent of your blood is already a big enough draw without adding to it .
but it knew where we were as it hunted us like dogs on the scent of a rabbit .
it was n't working though , the scent of garbage and rot was repugnant and inescapable in the heat of the hot sun .
the awful stench of the trash would mask our scents , and make it difficult to follow us , if they did happen to track by scent .
the awful stench of the trash would mask our scents , and make it difficult to follow us , if they did happen to track by scent .
the four of us had brought that scent with us , a scent that would be easily traceable within these walls .
the four of us had brought that scent with us , a scent that would be easily traceable within these walls .
` ` they may have picked up our scent recently , but they would have caught up to us already if they 'd been tracking us since yesterday .
she associated that spike and scent with acute pain .
her scent was driving him crazy , even there , out in the open .
she could smell the coppery flavor of blood , but there was no scent of fear coming off of sam .
the scent of garbage and urine was strong .
the scent of blood was overpowering .
once , during the night , when he 'd woken up in a sweat , close to screaming , the nightmare of that small child being tortured and out of his reach , he felt the brush of her hand and smelled the scent of her .
immediately the terrorists ' kidnapped ' him , hoping that by doing so , they 'd throw the government off the scent and they could use him if france ransomed him .
he loved the sight and scent of her moving around his house .
she 'd recognize his scent and would recognize the energy surrounding him anywhere .
the scent of cordite from the gunpowder grew strong .
the scent of death was strong .
she smelled him , that faint masculine scent that was all outdoors and predator .
the scent , the feel of her , was oddly familiar .
mack lay still , savoring the feel and scent of jaimie .
just the scent of her filled him with such a powerful need he was n't certain he had the strength to resist .
betrayal had a certain smell to it and that scent had been all over kane .
the dog reacted restlessly to their scent .
the dog shied away from the courtyard , not wanting to get too close to the dangerous scent .
everything smelled dank and moldy , mingling with the scent of blood .
the man was sweating ; the scent of him carried on the wind .
and yes , even now , the breeze carried the faint scent of cinnamon , although now it mixed with his scent .
tansy had noticed the smug amusement , but she had n't caught the flair of male interest , the scent of sex .
it was only his hand on her , the shape and texture of her , the scent of her , that kept a trace of feeling running through him .
he could inhale and scent information , sort through data with the same precision as a jungle cat .
once she was on the scent , she found it nearly impossible to focus on anything else , and the energy of both men was much more potent in this piece .
the sounds of his world crowded in , and if she could just catch that elusive scent .
the scent of the outdoors and danger .
kadan whirled around , inhaling sharply , and caught the coppery scent of blood .
the steers pawed at the ground and bellowed occasionally , restless and distressed over the unfamiliar scents and the intruding shadows flitting through their territory .
the mud and straw stank , drowning out any scent the other man was giving off .
to know she was alive by touch , by sound , by scent .
there was no scent , no breath , no stirring of the air , but she knew , an eternity too late , she was n't alone .
she always recognized his scent , his warmth .
she had n't known it was jess holding the gun , he had been shielding the scents and sounds in the room , yet she had fought like a wildcat , even going so far as to scream at him to shoot her .
the one that had his scent all over it .
a faint musky scent warned her it might not be her field bag they 'd found .
he 'd been holding his breath without realizing it , afraid to take in her scent .
whitney 's experiment into pairing through scent was more than a success .
you want to know if i ' m somehow affected by mari 's scent .
he shifted even closer ; she could tell by his scent .
she wanted to say it should n't matter , but she already knew the power of whitney 's experiments , and she had enhanced scent , just as ken did , just as jack did .
she did n't move , did n't speak , listening to their conversation , but his heightened awareness of her and his enhanced abilities in the dark made him all too aware of her breathing changes , and she was giving off the scent of fear .
she knew by the scents that there were two men , the driver and one who was closer to her .
the memories of the scent and sight of blood , of dark sweat , the sound of his own screams , the rage that never left him , that consumed him until he thought his world was only one of complete darkness , devoid of anything good - she forced it all to retreat , just by her presence .
there was a distinct scent about him she could n't quite identify , something ` ` off . ''
she knew that scent .
the scent of his cunning malevolence .
` ` i want you to get in the shower and scrub that man 's scent off of you . ''
` ` i love your scent when you 're aroused .
he could n't get the feel or scent of her out of his mind , even now , under water , as if somehow her body had melted into his skin and imprinted on his bones .
each time , their scent gave them away before she ever came close to them .
it hurt just to look at her , and her scent was plain driving him crazy .
her scent drove him insane .
the scent of him nearly drove her crazy , the building inferno she could n't stop .
maybe it was his scent , but more likely she simply sensed the enhancement in him the way she had in jack .
she caught his scent and looked up .
she caught a familiar scent and halted , looking around , trying to find her enemy .
i read the file on me thoroughly , especially the part where i would react to a certain scent .
it has nothing to do with emotion and everything to do with scent .
the wind shifted just a bit , just enough for him to catch their scent .
briony was with jebediah , and her scent called to him , heady and intoxicating , threatening his tight control .
as she neared , he caught the minute difference in her scent .
how could just his scent alone make her want him ?
his scent was everywhere .
how was she ever going to be able to stay in his home - his bedroom - with the scent of him driving her into some kind of mindless heat ?
out in the night air , there was no scent of jack and no reminders that she was so susceptible to him .
desperate to escape her own reaction to his scent , briony struggled to break his grip , but even with her enhanced strength , he did n't budge .
at least outside , the wind and forest helped to dissipate his scent - give her a breathing space from her need of him .
it was n't just her scent , he decided , as he laid her on the bed and stretched out beside her .
even from the back , he looked like jack , but there was a subtle difference in his scent .
for such stocky men , the norton twins walked softly , but she caught his scent as he neared her - almost the same as jack 's , but with that strange , subtle difference .
ken had known all along , but she did n't feel him until his scent reached her .
briony rarely slept , and never with anyone close , yet she had gone straight out , jack 's scent surrounding her , his body next to hers , and it had felt so right - as if , for the first time in her life , she belonged .
he kept running , staying in the shadows of the trees , using scent , breathing away fear for her , anger that he had n't been watching her close enough .
the wind was stronger in the canopy , and she inhaled , hoping to catch the scent of any intruder and to figure out just where jack and ken were .
jack could n't detect the scent of another human through the ripe odor brady gave off .
her close proximity had to be just as hard on him as being continually surrounded by his scent was on her .
his erection was back , and it was as heavy and as painful as before - as if the combined scent of them was a drug that filled him with a raw , aching hunger that could n't be assuaged .
the scent of her own blood was overwhelming in the small confines of the tunnel .
she could smell his scent , hear his heartbeat .
briony took a deep breath , inhaling to try to catch the scent of danger .
not even a scent .
an acrid scent drifted to them through the trees .
she pushed the pain aside and waited there in the swamp , inhaling to try to catch a scent .
the scent was overpowering , sickly sweet .
traian simply evaporated , leaving the smear of blood on the shivering leaves and the scent of the ancient gift driving the vampires into a frenzy of rage and hunger .
gabrielle and jubal exchanged a long , amused glance , used to joie and her ramblings when she was on the scent of a new cave .
` ` you 're like a hound dog on the scent of a criminal , joie , '' he said .
we want the scents to blend . ''
his scent was all ` ` wrong '' to her .
the scent of burned flesh permeated the air .
dax could no longer separate the evil scent from the living abomination ; the stench of the undead was everywhere , making it impossible to track him - unless you were a dragon .
the scent of blood was too heavy , permeating the entire area .
mitro had deliberately filled the mountain with his evil , so it would be impossible for dax to detect him , not with his scent permeating every razor - sharp rock and molten pool .
slime - covered skin had yellowed and gave off a faint scent of rotten eggs .
he picked up the scent immediately .
she was surrounded by dax 's scent .
he dropped his arm around her shoulders and began walking away from the scent of smoke and death .
i could n't quite catch the scent , but i knew it was there .
her scent wiped out the repulsive , offensive stench permeating the air around them .
i was introduced to jasmine , and i could n't tell by look or scent that she was any different than a human woman .
by scent maybe ? ''
riley used her own tongue to try to seal that thin line , unwilling for mitro to catch the scent of powerful carpathian blood .
the scent of blood rose in the air .
she smelled zev 's scent , a rugged , ancient forest smell , which clung to fen as well .
the scent was all about running free , something she wanted more than anything .
the lycan , his name was vakasin , eventually hunted him solely by scent .
the scent of blood and burned flesh made the werewolves nearly crazed so that they renewed their attacks in a mad frenzy , rushing at dimitri and zev , and dragging them to the ground .
the creatures had drawn close - too close - drawn not by dimitri 's waning light , as they could not call to him , but pulled by the scent of fen 's blood .
the scent of blood and death and burnt flesh permeated the entire area .
the scent of rogues in battle was already present , and if they were creeping close again , they would have made certain their scents would remain hidden .
the scent of rogues in battle was already present , and if they were creeping close again , they would have made certain their scents would remain hidden .
the scent of his rich , carpathian blood set up a frenzied mass hysteria .
the scent of burnt flesh permeated the air .
horses tossed heads nervously and stomped hooves as he passed , the lycan scent spooking them .
there was no way the horses would be in such a state over his scent .
there was a faint scent he could n't quite place , a blend of something that confused his lycan senses .
he could n't quite smell mikhail 's true scent , an interesting form of protection .
this was home to him as both lycan and carpathian , yet it was the scent of the woman walking with him that made him feel most at home .
` ` the scent is intoxicating . ''
the three rogues screamed as the fence flashed silver and sparks accompanied the scent of burned fur and flesh .
we have their scent as well .
tatijana shifted into her human form and slid beneath his shoulder , standing close so that her scent enveloped him .
the scent of burnt flesh and fur filled the air .
another small shift in the wind brought another scent he recognized instantly .
the scent of burning flesh was unmistakable .
you caught a forest scent by fate 's strange chance , and found me - though you had not sought romance .
the scent of burning fur and flesh made him feel sick .
bardolf went this way , fen said following the scent of the wolf .
this time he followed exactly in skyler 's footsteps , marking his territory quite thoroughly , masking any scent she might have left behind .
water , i call thee forth , your healing might , wash away that which is blood so there is no scent , no sight .
mother earth will hide our scent .
they ran silently , mother earth making certain there was no scent to follow .
i call to the heart of a hunter , i call to the scent of blood , i call to the fox that is trickster , use your cunning to lead them astray .
he was a fast runner , and in truth , he was n't setting his feet on the ground , but rather skimming just above it , because he did n't want the lycans catching his scent .
they had n't been able to follow dimitri 's scent , but they had known where he was from the device they 'd planted on him .
what did it matter to hide their scent ?
the wind brought him the overpowering scent of blood , of war .
he caught skyler 's scent .
if he could catch her scent , so could the lycans .
the scent of blood was strong .
they had the scent of her blood , it permeated the meadow and the very air itself .
sometimes just his scent triggered her body 's reaction .
the scent of animals and humans filled her lungs with every breath she drew .
she did n't know if it was in the way he moved , the fluid , silent glide that told anyone watching he was dangerous , or rather the elusive scent of the predator clinging to him , that put everyone on alert .
both still had an uneasy feeling that signaled danger - and it was much stronger in the open air - yet neither could get a direction or a scent .
the scent of blood was heavy in the air .
the wolf in their assailant was very strong and dimitri caught the scent stamped into the roof .
once he had the actual scent markers of the sniper , he could follow the trail much easier .
dimitri increased his speed , following the scent of the sange rau .
` ` i know that it enhances one 's addiction - for lack of a better word - for the taste and scent of one 's lifemate .
his lycan senses , usually so good at scent , seemed confused .
your eyes have changed color and you 're giving off a very dangerous scent .
the scent of ancient trees aided in calming his wolf .
it did n't surprise him to catch dimitri 's scent , very faint , mingling with that of dimitri 's lifemate , skyler .
the scents of tatijana , fen 's lifemate , and skyler were everywhere .
he tasted the hot burst of blood in his mouth , took in the scent of his enemy , his vision banding with colors .
he recognized the scent and his heart sank .
the animal waited patiently for a length of time before moving into the open , nose to the air , seeking the scent of blood and death .
immediately a feral , wild scent enveloped her .
she inhaled deeply , drawing the scent of the forest and her wolf deep into her lungs .
his scent , that masculine , keeper of the forest scent combined with his feral , predatory smell filled her lungs and sent heat rushing through her veins .
his scent , that masculine , keeper of the forest scent combined with his feral , predatory smell filled her lungs and sent heat rushing through her veins .
sight , scent , it just was n't there , but i did suspect many of the killings were connected . ''
the scent of her called to the wolf in him , and his body reacted with urgent , brutally hard need .
the wind rushed toward them , carrying the scent of burning brimstone , a sulfuric stench much like burnt rotting eggs .
` ` i caught their scent in the wind and pushed it toward you , hoping you 'd be prepared . ''
the scent of burning brimstone grew stronger and with it , the smell of fire , or rather burned grass and foliage , as if the traveling hounds were leaving behind a barren wasteland .
the hellhound had been programmed to find and kill the children , and it was following their scent trail .
just a small passing scent , but xayvion favored spells where he used incense to aid him .
in michael 's case , he needed an agreeable wife for sixteen to eighteen months in order to throw hollywood , the fans , and the producers off the scent that the leading man of action flicks , fetching multimillions per movie , was n't interested in women .
karen did n't realize how far in she leaned until the spicy scent of the driver wove its way into her system .
she could n't ignore the tingling , his scent , let alone what this man was doing to her system .
karen rubbed her temples and made her way into the bathroom to scrub away zach 's scent .
he knew without a doubt her scent would stay with him forever .
thick heat sealed in the scent of dirt , blood , and death .
even in the heat , she managed to catch of scent of the musk rolling off his frame .
she shivered , ignoring the pleasure his scent brought over her .
i ' ve heard that females have a unique scent , but i think it 's men who draw women in . ''
his brother max told him her car held the scent of the wolf .
they left early that morning attempting to trace the scent of the wolf that prowled the night before .
but the scent could very well lead them to their enemy .
maybe we can find a fresh scent and a new trail to follow . ''
her emotions are tight right now , and from the scent the two of you keep sending off you 'll be in the sack before the end of the week . ''
chapter seven completely tuned in to her scent , richard could practically taste her before they made it inside the house .
inside the steady stream of water washed away her lover 's scent .
the smell of fear and scent of a stranger hit his nose long before he made it out the back door .
he considered giving chase , but from the scent , the man was too far away to catch .
he wondered if it was kate he smelled now , or the scent of others in neighboring homes .
the scent she gave off drove him mad .
their scent together intoxicated him .
he tossed the packages of meat on the russet potatoes and followed her scent .
the scent unique to hospitals was stronger here .
when he let ginger loose in the backyard , he smelled the sizzling scent of steaks on the barbecue .
to be a true dive , joe 's needed the scent of stale beer and a resident drunk hanging off the bar .
i 'd know the scent anywhere . ''
with blood seeping through her fingers , she wondered if the scent would attract animals from the woods .
simon walked around the room , attempting to catch the man 's scent .
either way , the scent did n't belong to helen .
philip 's scent was stronger in helen 's room , especially around her dresser drawers .
kind of like dogs knowing where something is by scent . ''
his scent changed constantly , she decided .
she remembered a wildness about his scent then .
her scent drove him mad .
he shifted from falcon to wolf in an effort to pick up helen 's scent .
he picked up the scent of oil and campfires .
helen 's scent .
following the scent of cars , he found a path many had been on until he saw a paved road and a sign .
his scent ?
he considered shifting , letting her know she did n't have to fear him , but he would n't risk being discovered by someone who held grainna 's scent .
the unmistakable scent of burnt plastic filled the room .
over the scent of rain soaked trees , surrounding the clearing in the woods , fresh blood and the stench of death penetrated the air .
there was no way he was going to leave her alone in the sterile hospital room with only the scent of lysol and overworked nurses to keep her company .
she felt as though she could n't get close enough of him , could n't inhale enough of his scent , could n't touch him enough .
sniffing the air , the acrid scent of a dying fire filled my nose .
the breeze was cold and it carried with it the scent of burning flesh .
` ` you 're making it worse for me , '' i snapped as i caught a whiff of his scent in the breeze .
perhaps to see if he could identify any part of her unforgettable scent .
he fought to block out the lingering scent of blood - not hers , but it did n't matter - and to keep his eyes from glowing .
his fangs threatened , the scent of hot blood , frightened and desperate , beckoned .
her scent cloyed and smothered and although she knew just what to do with her hands ... oh , indeed ... and her mouth ... . voss licked her neck , tasted old perfumed oil , and then his incisors slid long , sweetly , into her flesh .
` ` the scent you poured into the water ? ''
every dracule in the place recognized dimitri 's scent on the woman , and even if they had n't , the way she watched him with her pale blue eyes would have indicated her allegiance .
when lerina reappeared with cezar 's marks on her left shoulder and his scent on her , dimitri had had enough .
the scent was both nauseating and familiar .
angelica 's scent led him to her room , and after he opened the door and slipped inside , he stood for a moment , his hand still on the knob .
her scent , her presence ... it overwhelmed him .
the pates and sausages were of little interest to him , of course , although the scent of blood was heavy in the space and his mouth watered a bit .
the scent was so rich and so strong , filtering unerringly to his nostrils that he was certain it had to be from blood .
the flavor of her was still on his tongue , the scent in his nose .
dimitri tried to breathe , but every breath he took in was laden with the scent .
perhaps it was this - the recognition of the tantalizing scent , its familiarity and corresponding forbiddance - that enabled him to grasp the last wisp of control and drag himself away .
aside of that , with dimitri 's marks , as well as his scent , on lerina , no one would dare make an overture .
but dimitri had indeed recognized miss woodmore - by her scent when he passed by , which , he supposed , was why it was burned into the insides of his nostrils so that he could n't dismiss it , devil take it .
in the green - brown and gold eyes , in that full pout of an upper lip , and most of all , in the female , musky scent that her draculian nose recognized .
using blood pigeons - ones that the dracule specially trained to fly by following a particular scent of blood to deliver the message - was n't secure enough , for cezar had been known to intercept them .
they were out of sight , out of scent , and any sounds from their flight were mingled with every other sound of london at night .
his bloodied hand curved around her throat , bringing the scent of temptation much too close .
he could n't get her scent off his hands .
he lifted his hand to pinch the bridge of his nose in frustration , and maia 's scent came with it .
the scent came with it , the familiar one , and it had him whirling just in time to see her stepping from the door at the front of the shop .
the first thing she noticed was the dark pool on the floor , and immediately attributed the strange scent she 'd smelled to it .
her scent filled his nostrils , along with other ones : blood , old fabric , dust , worn leather , water .
her nostrils flared as she drew in the scent , her attention focused on his cut .
he was too weak to even discern her scent .
her very movement sent a shimmer of her essence toward him and he had to turn away , trying not to allow the scent to reach him .
lerina 's scent , along with that of maia 's blood permeated the paper .
he tried to smell her , to find her scent amid the soot and burning wood , and he caught it at last as he came to the stairs .
he called her name over and over as he dashed up crumbling stairs , down the hall to where they 'd been imprisoned - he could tell by scent more than sight - and back .
and now he stood near enough that his particular scent rose above that thick , hazy smoke and the strong aromas of mingled lifeblood and arousal .
he 'd moved sharply , jerking his arm , and all at once the scent of fresh blood permeated the air .
the blood ... his blood , his scent ... that of the man whose presence had set her off - kilter , who had n't made a single reference to her beauty or to wanting her ... who 'd been willing to intervene in a sword fight ... . his blood tempted her , and in her weakened state , she had no real chance to deny it .
instead of plunging in her fangs , narcise flicked her tongue over the delicate ridges there , tasting the salt on his warm flesh , sensing the flavor of his scent and the essence of lifeblood pounding beneath its thin covering .
his sharp eyes scanned the room , and narcise held her breath , praying that cezar 's sired vampire would n't notice that this david was several inches taller and with broader shoulders than the previous one had been , and that there was another scent mingling in the room with them .
` ` your scent is as enticing as you are . ''
` ` i ' ve become quite familiar with your scent . ''
his scent rolled off in heavy waves , thick with lust .
the scent of a peach .
whether she realized what it was , whether it was the scent on the air , permeating the chamber , or whether there was some other reason she was compelled to walk on silent feet over to the chamber door ... to peer around the crack and to look in ... no , no , noooooo , do n't ... but she does it again ... she looks in ... at first , she does n't realize what she sees .
it 's the scent of arousal ... heavy and thick ... of lifeblood and eroticism and man ... .
she ca n't see well , she 's not even certain why she 's compelled to watch - perhaps the scent hooked into her mind and dragged her there - but the first glimpse of a pale , slender hand curling over a strong , sleek shoulder makes her breath seize .
his scent came with him - and with it , a revolting mix of opium , hashish , whiskey , blood .
the scents of his betrayal .
she hardly heard the words , for they were lost in the horrible swirling scent of blood on his breath , the smells of depravity and sweat and other darkness .
he did n't want that scent in the air , so he complied .
she could hear the voices , and knew they 'd smelled the faint blood and perhaps even the new scent of chas wood - more .
gingerly , still holding narcise up with one hand , trying not to step in the pool of blood - he did n't need that scent clinging to him as well - he fumbled around the vampire 's body .
but now that she 'd become fully aware of his scent , narcise found herself noticing his bare torso , half illuminated by the glow of the lamp .
they all smelled of course , but this one had a wrong scent to it .
in fact , it did just the opposite - trapped the scent of blood and wine and musk , and of chas wood - more and his energy , his nobility , all the more tightly into the chamber .
the empty jug sat on the table where he 'd left it and the scent of stale hops permeated the chamber .
after , giordan was n't certain how he 'd managed to make it through that meeting at the inn , once he 'd caught her scent .
the scent of her relief swamped him .
the scent of his blood so close made her dizzy .
when they were at last in an unmoving heap on the ground , their noses bloodied - the scent not even the least bit tempting to her - and lips cut , perhaps an arm broken or an eye blackened , she stood over them .
she demanded , breathing through her mouth so as not to inhale his putrid odor , now colored with the scent of terror .
she had to have air - clean air , not breaths tainted by his scent .
his head lay in a pool of dark red blood , its putrid scent nauseating , nearby .
he turned his face away , his mouth tight , his nostrils flaring as if he drew in her scent , but tried to force it away at the same time .
the faint scent of blood clung to her body .
the scent called softly to him , tempted him .
his scent surrounded her .
the scent of the night .
she could smell the crisp scent of a winter fire .
the scent of man .
the scent of blood teased his nostrils .
ben could smell the scent of his own burning flesh .
he had to get away from simone and the scent of blood and sex .
only this time , the scent did n't call to the strange new beast within him .
the scent terrified him .
the scent was too tempting for a vampire .
the scent of decay and cigarettes swirled in the air around keenan .
humans caught a trace of that scent all the time , but never realized they were n't alone .
the coppery scent was strong .
the night air , thick with humidity and musky with the scent of wild animals , hit him .
he followed the sound of the screams and the scent of the blood as he tracked his prey once more .
he went closer because her scent drew him in .
it was a scent every vampire craved .
that scent ... time to get out of there .
smoke drifted in the air and the scent of- blood .
the scent of blood was everywhere .
the scent of her arousal filled his nostrils .
then the scent reached him .
the scent that always came when an angel was near .
his nose followed that scent .
he asked her because a vamp 's enhanced senses should at least be able to pick up that light scent .
the scent is almost gone . ''
it only took her a few seconds to get the weapon , but by the time she made it outside , nicole discovered keenan had n't left so much as a whisper of scent behind .
only his scent remained .
the scent of hell .
he crushed his mouth to hers , and he kissed her hard and deep and he did n't care that az 's scent lingered in the air .
most folks ca n't ever see or hear angels , all they can do is just catch their scents every now and then . ''
` ` her scent was ... all over h - him . ''
he inhaled , a nice , deep pull , and caught the scent he needed - vampire .
once he 'd caught her scent at temptation , he 'd followed her all the way back home .
the scent of blood and fire filled his nose .
that scent , the claws ... ` ` figuring it out , eh ?
she 'd noticed the scent was off , but ... bad mistake .
keenan had the bastard 's scent .
because the brimstone scent was n't coming from sam .
he 'd taken two steps when the angel scent hit him .
he inhaled , drawing their scents in with the blood and the death .
once a shifter got your scent , it was pretty impossible to shake him .
he rounded the corner , caught nicole 's scent , and stumbled , just a moment .
he smelled like an animal , no mistaking that shifter scent . ''
sam caught the scent of blood as soon as he climbed the porch steps at ron 's house .
the laughter stopped then , and the scent of fear teased sammael 's nose .
seline 's scent .
the rich scent of man and the harsher scent of fire filled her nose .
seline walked slowly down the street as the scent of the river teased her nose .
then the scent of smoke reached her , burning her nose , and seline 's head whipped around .
the scent of sex drifted in the air .
` ` not once he has your scent .
he 'd caught the scent , and he knew .
but tomas did n't carry that scent any longer , and sam was n't sure where the guy was or even if tomas was still living .
the smoke and fire had covered rogziel 's scent , just as he 'd planned , and sam had n't even been aware that the true threat was so close .
the scent of smoke burned her nose .
that scent was more like- brimstone .
the hound had caught the scent .
no wonder the beast caught the fallen 's scent so easily .
maybe your girl was its true master , and the hound recognized her scent . ''
` ` once a hound gets its master 's scent , there 's no severing that tie .
a wild scent clung to him , one that made her a little uneasy .
the scent of death hung heavily in the air .
they would ' ve caught the scent first .
no , instead , that scent seemed to be coming from ... right behind them .
she knew he 'd caught the acidic scent , too .
` ` rogziel gave it your scent , '' sam snapped .
the hound howled and raced down the hallway , and seline knew the monster was chasing after tomas 's scent .
the scent of burned flesh filled seline 's nostrils .
not once the beast gets your scent .
an angel 's scent .
over the odor of rotten garbage , stale cigarettes and old booze , he caught the scent of ... fear .
they 'd caught his scent , her scent , and followed them right through the quarter .
they 'd caught his scent , her scent , and followed them right through the quarter .
az knew well what that scent meant .
or , at least , interest in her scent .
if you do n't , they 'll pick up your scent .
he focused on that scent .
if she had a shifter 's nose , she 'd just be able to smell the demons and follow their scent .
the scent of burning rubber filled her nose .
same scent those other jerks carried . ''
` ` caught my scent , huh ? ''
` ` your scent 's all over him , and even your shower ca n't hide the fact that he 's been all over you . ''
the thick scent of vegetation surrounded them .
a shifter would be able to pick up their scent and follow them perfectly in the swamp .
you can always catch the scent when death is close .
a death scent .
the thick scent of incense was gone .
because of last night , she knew az 's scent was all over her .
just as her scent marked him .
that scent would infuriate brandt .
` ` the scent ... '' tanner inhaled .
shifters could catch the scents that would identify others of their ilk .
her scent was on his skin .
` ` you got a lock on the scent , tanner ? ''
` ` the scent of blood and flowers is coming from that way . ''
faster now because tanner was closing in on that scent .
because when brandt came hunting , he 'd follow jade 's scent , not marna 's .
` ` we need to make sure that brandt has a scent to follow , '' he said .
running with her , keeping close , but not trying to mask her scent in any way .
the scent of burning flesh filled the air .
a snarl broke from him even as the scent of blood filled his nose .
` ` that 's what he 's good at ... '' brandt followed jade 's scent into the witch 's room .
` ` your scent is special to the shifter . ''
brandt had her scent .
` ` his human will die tomorrow , and when she does ... '' another long sigh from mateo , only this one carried the scent of death .
because he knew by the scent that it was n't just powder that those bastards had tossed at him .
his breath , carrying the scent of ash , blew lightly over her face .
` ` i ' ve got his scent , '' tanner said .
the scent was deepening around her .
the scent ... it was n't from an angel of death .
this place , with the empty shells of bodies and the carefully covered scent of decay , it made her remember too many things .
a guy could get drunk off marna 's scent .
to many of us , that scent is pure temptation . ''
` ` i hear the monsters in this place love the scent of fear . ''
not even that musky scent human males always seemed to carry .
no time- chapter four the scent of fresh blood hit him like a punch to the gut when tanner shoved open the back door of hell .
how could she miss that scent ?
the faint scent was n't coming from marna - but from the right .
no wonder he 'd caught that scent mixed with the blood .
he stood in the doorway , and her scent tried to pull him in .
and the scent of her fear was driving him freaking insane .
he 'd taken just a few steps when the scent hit him .
there was no mistaking the scent in the air - male , human , familiar .
the scent of death hung heavily in that alley .
the scent of burning flesh had her stomach churning .
marna knew what that telling scent meant .
the knife attack sure had n't fit a fallen 's usual mo , but maybe their killer was just trying to throw them off the scent .
if there was one being who could track a scent better than any other , it was a shifter .
he could smell her scent , sweet , but rich ... with arousal .
the better to catch the vamp 's scent ?
` ` and i recognized that scent .
` ` i ' ve caught his scent before .
she could only smell the scent of decay and garbage .
a light gasp left her , and he caught the faintest scent of blood .
the panther liked that scent .
she knew tanner would be able to smell his brother , hoped he could , anyway , even over the harsh scent of fire and smoke .
he was shouting his brother 's name again , so she knew he must have caught cody 's scent .
caught her scent .
but she 'd still caught his scent in the air a few times .
` ` my men caught cody 's scent , just the same as you did . ''
on the demon who stared up at him as the scent of fear poured off her .
marna 's scent .
their desperate breaths and moans filled the air even as the scent of sex filled his nostrils .
he 'd lost their scent .
demon blood had a stronger scent than others .
only one guy in town had that mixed scent of beast and demon .
he had cody 's scent .
he 'd been so focused on the blood trail , he had n't let any other scents hit him , but now- the panther 's head swung back around .
he followed that scent of ash and animal , and he rounded the last tight turn in the dark , knowing that his brother 's death was at hand .
` ` h - help me ... '' the scent of blood was so strong .
he leapt off his brother and tried to catch another scent in the air .
someone else had to be there , someone else- but the only other scents were older .
the scent of blood was so thick around him .
the scent of the fire filled his nose .
those scents were so strong that he could n't smell the sob who 'd been in that building .
she took a breath and caught the heavy scent of blood .
a bed that still carried marna 's scent , but she was n't around .
i ' ve got your scent .
` ` no scent ? ''
he pulled in the scents around them and got locked on the one that mattered most .
bastion had flown so fast , it was hard to trace the scent .
the panther would be able to pick up marna 's scent so much better .
if he could just pick up her scent again ... a sudden blast of music filled the car .
he had her scent .
tanner had already taken off , running fast as he followed the angel 's scent .
the scent of marna 's blood filled his nose and drove the panther into a frenzy .
and he had n't possessed the telltale scent of an angel .
tanner pushed open his door , and when the wind blew toward him , he immediately caught the scent of the intruder .
he had marna 's scent .
her scent had faded .
` ` follow the scent of ash , '' sam yelled after him .
as soon as he opened that window , the scent of gas hit him .
he could smell the wild , woodsy scent of the beasts .
her nostrils flared a bit at the scent .
his brows lowered as he studied her , and his nostrils widened as if he were drinking in her scent .
he 'd followed that scent on her neck .
so maybe my ... ah ... scent just seems different to you because of that . ''
it was her scent .
when she shoved open the doors that led to the main containment area , the scent of blood hit her .
his muscles were stretching , aching , as he ran toward that scent .
running toward the blood because the scent was even stronger now .
` ` alpha scent , '' holly whispered , understanding .
the dead guards had been taken away , but the scent of blood lingered in the air .
the scent of that blood ... it was so strong .
a new scent had just come into the area .
saul 's eyes widened , and duncan knew he 'd caught the scent , too .
he had saul 's scent .
caught more of her scent .
fuckin ' weeks.did n't even realize you were the one sending out that sweet scent , not until you came into containment .
your scent was in the air , did you know that ?
but her scent had been amplified by the drugs .
he could still taste holly , only now ... now her scent was blending with pate 's .
caught more of that heady scent and did n't even care if the scent was part of a vampire 's appeal to draw in her victims or if it came from the karahydrelene or if it was just her .
the scent of alcohol and sex lingered in the air .
so did the scent of blood .
his nostrils widened as he pulled in the heavy scent that came primarily from the door on the far left .
especially once they got a whiff of her scent .
her scent could blow things for them- but then she vanished down the stairs .
the scent of blood was getting thicker .
as soon as she was back in her lab , she 'd have to find a way to combat that scent .
now he could smell holly 's scent , and he knew exactly where she 'd be .
i know your scent .
then the scent hit her .
` ` you can follow the blood scent , '' she said , her hands clenching in the fabric of shane 's shirt .
` ` follow the blood scent ! ''
the scent of blood rose from the men , and holly did n't know which man was hurt .
the scent of the blood flooded through holly 's nostrils .
connor was n't moving at all , but above the scent of elias 's blood , holly could smell the acrid odor of ... burned flesh .
claws were flashing , snarls filled the air , and the scent of blood deepened .
he caught the scent of blood and ran faster .
and holly 's blood ... the scent was around him .
holly 's scent was coming closer because the guard was coming closer .
holly 's scent was coming from those wounds .
the scent of blood and sex surrounded them .
` ` vamp females always have a certain scent but you ... you do n't just smell like a vamp . ''
but her expression did n't reflect her terror , but her scent did .
he stepped closer to the bars , the better to inhale her scent .
he caught a scent drifting toward him .
the scent of burnt flesh filled the air .
` ` the scent ends here . ''
the man 's scent seemed to surround her , and her hands had clenched into fists because she was not going to touch him , even though part of her wanted to so very desperately .
i can catch the faintest hint of the vamp 's scent ... of her ... '' he shook his head .
he went underwater ... that - that cloaked ... scent . ''
he 'd caught the werewolf 's scent , and that jerk david was far too close for his peace of mind .
a quick glance at the floor showed the old , intricate symbols that had been painted there , and the familiar scent told shane that his friend had used blood to make those marks .
the scent of her fear deepened .
her scent was wrong .
the werewolves have your scent .
she slammed on the brakes and the scent of burning rubber filled the air .
all of the animal scents were already there .
your scent was the same , whether you 're wearing the body of a gray wolf ... or pretending to be human . ''
` ` she was bleeding so- '' ` ` i ' ve got her scent , '' connor said at once as he dropped the guard he 'd just clawed .
` ` you do n't need her scent to track her , '' pate said , coming up behind him .
she ran down the hallway and then realized she was following a particular scent .
the scent of a beast .
` ` there is something f**king wrong with your scent , '' he told her , voice hard and rough .
` ` her scent ... '' he was really freaking her out with all that scent talk .
` ` her scent ... '' he was really freaking her out with all that scent talk .
because his werewolf ... yeah , he 'd caught the delectable scent that chloe carried , too .
a scent that was close to making him insane with need .
connor ran fast , cutting right through the alley , following the thud of her footsteps and the faint scent that hung in the air .
a scent that was pure chloe .
because he needed to get out of there fast - fast enough that any other werewolves who might be in the area would n't be able to follow them ... or follow chloe 's scent .
` ` but her scent ... it was so sweet ... '' he knew all about chloe 's scent , and that was one of the reasons he 'd stayed back .
` ` but her scent ... it was so sweet ... '' he knew all about chloe 's scent , and that was one of the reasons he 'd stayed back .
her scent drove werewolves wild , and anything that wrecked a werewolf 's control was very , very dangerous indeed .
` ` i guess it 's a good thing my magical , amazing scent does n't work on you . ''
` ` i mean , if the scent did the mojo like you ' ve been telling me it does to other wolves , we 'd be in trouble . ''
` ` i never said your scent did n't influence me . ''
` ` why is my scent different ? ''
` ` and my scent ? ''
move in ... close enough for chloe 's scent to tempt them ?
but once the drugs hit her , her tempting scent would vanish .
he knew the trigger for her tempting scent , just as he knew so many of her secrets .
` ` the scent is back , '' he muttered .
` ` okay , this obsession with my scent has got to end . ''
` ` you were n't afraid when you were unconscious , so the scent was n't there .
try to pick up the scents before it 's too late . ''
connor keeps telling us that your scent is acting as some kind of lure for werewolves .
hell , even with you and me out there , we may still lose their scent . ''
he and duncan raced ahead at the same moment , following that scent in the air .
he and duncan chased the scent of the wolves for five miles , but then that scent vanished .
he and duncan chased the scent of the wolves for five miles , but then that scent vanished .
hell , yeah , that would explain the loss of their scent trail .
when she 's scared , her scent ... it gets different .
it was n't her scent driving him crazy .
well , part of it was her scent .
your scent does n't work on me , not anymore .
` ` you know why they like my scent , do n't you ? ''
so every time you get afraid , that scent of yours is supposed to call on the beasts .
that the scent would mark you as one of us ... so the pack would be there to keep harm from ever coming your way . ''
sweet , delicious prey ... and that scent of yours drives wolves into a frenzy .
i bet that new scent of yours really kicked in once you died .
and that scent wo n't stop , not now that it 's activated .
the wolves will catch that scent .
` ` did her scent pull you in , too ?
her scent pulled at him just as it did any other werewolf .
her scent had been changed to lure in werewolves .
` ` not because of her scent .
` ` it 's not easy to escape a werewolf , especially when you 're a human and the alpha wolf has your scent . ''
` ` i thought you were all worried about her scent . ''
so even if you had n't been all vamped up , well , that probably means you would n't be influenced by chloe 's scent . ''
` ` the fact that her scent does n't influence duncan is a good thing , '' eric pointed out .
` ` i can smell them , '' connor said , ` ` their scents are all over this place . ''
he 'd kept the pack away , because he had n't wanted them to go wild when they caught chloe 's scent .
her scent had changed .
` ` keegan ... '' ` ` that scent trick of your father 's is n't working anymore .
the wolves around him fell back and the scent of burning flesh and silver filled the air .
` ` my scent .
my father changed my scent so that the male wolves would be drawn to me . ''
` ` but now the scent is different , '' chloe said .
i told you , your scent did n't work on me the same way because i ' m part vamp .
` ` really , you 'd think you were the only one who knew how to cloak a scent .
they eased around a corner , but connor had already caught the bastard 's scent .
keegan would catch the scent , he 'd know- ` ` fuck what he knows .
he even adjusted your scent so that i 'd be pulled in ... every time i smelled you , it was like i 'd caught a bit of paradise . ''
but then he caught the scents in the air - the blonde vampire and his mate .
he could see the wound on her neck , but ... the scent of blood was so strong .
the dank scent of the earth surrounded her .
` ` his scent is on you .
` ` her scent . ''
his nostrils flared , as if he were catching her scent , too .
the scent of disinfectant filled his nose .
the acrid scent told her it was gasoline .
her scent was making him light - headed .
trace 's scent was rich and warm .
the scent of the ocean .
her scent was on him .
the scent hit her .
his scent wrapped around her .
they were in a small apartment , and the scent of death already filled the air around them .
and her scent ... ` ` maybe you should n't kiss strangers ... '' his words came out as a growl .
so maybe he wanted to catch that scent again .
it was a scent he 'd encountered too many times before .
elizabeth 's scent surrounded him , and he knew that he 'd made the right choice .
throw him off the scent .
they could catch whiffs of the scent on the breeze , and jonathan 's stomach started growling .
i ask , trying to throw her off the scent .
` ` do i smell the scent of hot lovin ' on your clothing today , perchance ? ''
sweat builds between us and the scent of our sex surrounds the bed .
the scents of sex , blood , and booze .
the scent of her blood was driving him crazy .
it was a scent that he easily recognized .
` ` my cassandra ... '' dante inhaled then stilled as he caught her very distinct scent .
except ... her scent was deeper and tinted with the faintest trace of copper .
dante turned to the right , following cassie 's scent .
the scent of her blood ...
that light , seductive scent .
the scent that had nearly driven him out of his mind so many times .
cassie 's scent had seduced him for years .
` ` i am not- '' ` ` vampires are lured to you by the sweet scent of your blood .
` ` part of it is your scent . ''
` ` shifters can usually catch a siren 's scent , even if they do n't necessarily realize what that scent means . ''
` ` shifters can usually catch a siren 's scent , even if they do n't necessarily realize what that scent means . ''
` ` it 's not just your scent , though , '' dante rasped , ` ` it 's your taste that draws me , too .
the woman 's scent ... speaking of dragons .
he had n't caught that particular scent in centuries .
one sniff , and dante knew that the woman had dragon shifter blood in her body - there was no mistaking that scent .
the wild scent of the wolf hit dante .
there was no mistaking the scent .
` ` i didn't- '' dante locked him in the cell and raced toward that scent .
she caught the wild , woodsy scent .
you find eve 's scent .
he inhaled , caught the scent , and the phoenix that he was - the beast that had taken over - knew the hunt was starting .
dante inhaled deeply , trying to catch a scent past the smoke and dirt .
the scent of blood teased his nose .
he inhaled and caught the coppery scent of blood .
it was n't the woman who 'd come to him again and again , with the voice that soothed and made the bloodlust still within him , even as the scent of her blood had tempted him .
the scent of ash and that wild , woodsy scent grew stronger .
the scent actually seemed to be blending with the ash as they were nearing the living room .
the scent of ash and woods - that damn scent - was stronger .
the scent of ash and woods - that damn scent - was stronger .
her scent ... faint , fading ... drifted in the wind .
her scent was so faint .
the scent of blood grew stronger .
he followed her scent .
the scent of smoke deepened around him .
the scent of bleach and antiseptic hit her .
the cold scent of antiseptic .
caught the wilder , woodsy scent that ryder knew came from shifters - that scent drifted from upstairs .
caught the wilder , woodsy scent that ryder knew came from shifters - that scent drifted from upstairs .
but the scent of fire ... the scent of woman ... the sweet but rich scent that he 'd come to associate with sabine - that scent came from dead ahead .
but the scent of fire ... the scent of woman ... the sweet but rich scent that he 'd come to associate with sabine - that scent came from dead ahead .
but the scent of fire ... the scent of woman ... the sweet but rich scent that he 'd come to associate with sabine - that scent came from dead ahead .
the scent soothed the fury that had been boiling to such a dangerous degree within him .
when he 'd broken free , ryder had caught the scent of death .
that scent ... ` ` fire , '' he rasped .
the scent burned her nose .
the scent of blood teased her nose .
only the company heading their way ... that company carried the scent of fire .
he 'd never forget sabine 's scent .
but he also recognized this scent ... it belonged to the male phoenix he 'd met at the first genesis facility .
ryder caught the scent of fear .
the scent of fear lessened .
the scent of death and blood was so strong there and- she screamed when she was grabbed from behind .
the scent of blood deepened .
her scent reached him .
the scent of smoke drifted into the room .
ryder spun around , following that scent back to the broken door just as that door was tossed aside .
the scent of the smoke thickened .
the scent of blood filled the air .
the scent of death had clung to him .
the scent of blood had been all around him .
the scent of blood followed him .
the scent of gasoline hit him .
away from the scent of fire .
` ` maybe it was something in her scent , some kind of trigger that their enhanced senses picked up on .
the scent of smoke teased her nose .
the scent of ash and fire had n't come from dante .
the shifter screamed and the scent of burning flesh filled his nostrils .
the scent of smoke clung to him .
he shoved open the bar 's door , and the scent of blood grew even stronger .
but he was catching dozens of scents in the air , scents that told them just what wyatt planned next .
her nostrils flared as if she were trying to get his scent .
a woman with no scent .
they could make a brew to cloak scents .
` ` yeah , '' eve muttered , ` ` but maybe instead of worrying so much about your scent and heartbeat , you should look into investing in a new door and store alarm . ''
with every step , the scent of blood filled his nose .
` ` five seconds , '' cain said again and she could smell the scent of smoke .
she knew the scent was coming from him .
` ` his animal had your scent , ma'am .
the guy probably does n't know what the hell is happening to him , but he has your scent . ''
the scent of burning rubber .
a black door , heavy , behind yet another building , with the scent of garbage and smoke heavy in the air .
the scent of death was too strong down here , stopping up his nostrils with the cloying odor .
there had to be something there , a scent left by the killer- from the corner of his eye , he saw holly sway .
the scent of her arousal flooded his nostrils .
holly drew in a deep breath , and caught the rancid scent of decay that still lingered in the air .
the scent of passion filled the air .
eyes stark , the scent of blood on his body .
his nostrils flared , as if he were catching a scent in the air .
mortal men usually responded instantly to the scent of her kind - sometimes , they could respond too strongly .
the scent of a succubus could be a powerful weapon in seduction ... or in death .
he 'd definitely caught the scent .
only other supernaturals could hold out against her scent .
his nostrils flared slightly and she knew that he , too , had caught the new scent .
he drew a ragged breath , as if inhaling her scent , then muttered , ` ` you 're so damn beautiful , i bet it 's like f**king child 's play for you to lure those men to you . ''
then he 'd caught a whiff of her scent .
she fought to hold the scent in check - she 'd learned how to control the fragrance when she 'd been a teen .
no , all the uniforms were males , and her scent drew them to her like a homing device .
she brushed by them , wanting to get away and get her scent under control as quickly as possible .
as he walked toward the bar , his nostrils twitched as he caught a familiar scent .
in a place like paradise found , where you could often even smell the scent of sex in the air , it was easy for a succubus to feed .
todd inhaled heavily , and caught the scent of ... blood .
he caught her scent then .
caught the cloying scent of the body .
he knew the scent was richer , knew something was happening .
but she could smell his scent , too .
i could smell her - damn , the scent alone was enough to- '' he broke off , rather wisely , emily thought .
humans and demons always went closer , eager for more of the heady scent .
` ` his scent was already on me , '' colin said nearly a second later .
the scent of his body reminded her - too much - of the pleasures they 'd shared .
` ` rein in the scent . ''
his scent surrounded her , just as she knew the tempting lure of her pheromones surrounded him .
she tried to answer him as honestly as she could , saying , ` ` my pheromones , my scent , they 're designed to lure ... '' ` ` you mean the way you smell like sex and paradise ?
` ` i do n't release the full scent with you .
and he 'd certainly caught the scent plenty of other times - but not the full onslaught .
` ` just the scent of you arouses men . ''
a moment later , another door opened , one that brought her the scent of death and decay , mixed with bleach and the harsh stench of chemicals .
her powerful scent surrounded him .
his nostrils flared as he caught the scent of her cream .
it was only lately that she 'd begun to worry about him , and to wonder- what did the good - looking demon who carried the scent of sex and death have planned for her ?
the demon smiled down at her , and his scent thickened in the air around them .
his scent eased , just for a moment , and her head cleared .
the scent of fear and unwashed skin flooded her nostrils .
` ` i don't- '' ` ` the scent ... '' he swallowed .
a succubus would n't have needed a lure - not with the scent you can put out - and sure as hell not if all succubi are as sexy as you . ''
perfect face , but his scent was off .
` ` do n't be ridiculous , i ' m not- '' ` ` you were using your scent on the female officer who brought you in to interrogation . ''
when his body was found , your scent was all over him . ''
` ` how do you know , '' she repeated again , swallowing and clenching her hands into fists , ` ` that my scent was on him ? ''
said he caught my scent on him and- '' ` ` cameron ? ` `
` ` when cameron said that he 'd been there and caught my scent , i did n't understand .
` ` his scent ... '' oh , hell .
then they began walking toward the officers and his nose twitched as he caught the deepening scent of her pheromones .
sometimes she could tell just by hearing a voice or catching a scent on the wind .
the faint scent of cigarettes teased his nostrils as he crept closer .
just the scent from one of cara 's kind had been known to drive mortal men wild with lust .
the coppery scent of blood .
the scents of death .
they did n't carry the ` ` demon scent '' that marked the beings of that race .
there was a wild , rich scent that clung to others like him .
he 'd first caught that scent when he 'd been a nineteen - year - old rookie .
her scent was thick in the air around them .
a heady , tempting scent that stirred the beast within him .
caught the coppery scent on the wind .
the scent of blood was stronger now .
the beast loved the scent .
the scents of blood and death filled her nostrils .
he was growling , she was moaning , the air was thick with the scent of their lovemaking .
if he could just catch the bastard 's scent ... broodingly , his gaze once again scanned the crowd .
the thick scent of blood filled her nostrils .
his scent was already on her , so that had to work to their advantage .
the scent of antiseptic told her she was in the hospital even before the room came into focus .
a familiar , gut - tightening scent .
what was that acrid scent ?
that smell - it was the heavy scent of gasoline .
he lay there , no signs of defensive wounds on him , as the scent of death deepened in the suite .
it was faint , but he caught rachel 's scent in the air .
rachel inhaled and caught the scent of- the river ?
the scent of the river teased dylan 's nose as he advanced .
the scent of blood was stronger .
she was a reporter , no doubt on the scent of a story .
she was following that scent , and if he did n't move , fast , she 'd follow it straight to him .
he 'd had to figure out the scent because it was driving him crazy .
mercer had given him an order to throw her off the killer 's scent .
the scent of death still hung in the air .
` ` throw her off the scent , give her another lead , but stop her from focusing on the eod . ''
` ` your scent drives me crazy . ''
the scent filled her nose and had her stomach turning .
the scent of fire drifted on the wind .
they 'd needed to get the sharks off their blood scent .
he forced his hand away from her and took a step back so the scent of strawberries would n't be so tempting .
her scent filled his head .
the stampede for the main door became even wilder as everyone caught the scent in the air .
the heavy scents of ash and blood filled the air .
the van slammed on the brakes , and the scent of burning rubber filled her nose .
he could smell the acrid scent .
he talked only when he had to do so , and the scent of his blood was still heavy in the air .
gunner stiffened even as he inhaled - and yes , that was the scent of fire .
the scent was coming from sydney 's house .
the firefighters were still using their hoses , and the scent of ash filled the air .
a bad idea , because the prey could catch the scent of cigarettes in the air .
the scent of burned rubber filled his nostrils as he jumped from his truck .
she could even have sworn that the sheets in her room still carried his scent .
you remember your enemy 's scent .
` ` i can still remember the scent of the jungle .
logan came up on the first guard , caught the scent of cigarettes and alcohol .
then she sucked in a deep breath , and logan knew she 'd finally caught the scent of smoke and flames .
but her scent was driving him out of his mind .
the scent of vanilla .
` ` you caught my scent the minute you crept into the park . ''
lucas waited for the man to turn away with his bleeding buddy before saying , ` ` i ' ve got your scents now .
the scent of her fear finally eased .
but he did n't ... like the scent on her .
the scent of her arousal teased his nostrils , and lucas realized he was in serious trouble .
but she 'd been running on fumes and the minute she 'd found the bed , one that held john 's wild scent , she 'd crashed .
` ` his scent 's not on you . ''
if you had a wolf lover , his scent would be all over you . ''
` ` the coyote alpha already has your scent .
the scent of death surrounded her .
` ` there 's no wolf scent on this guy , and those marks on his neck ... '' he scratched his chin .
if he came within a mile of them , they 'd catch his scent .
no signs ... '' he inhaled , caught only the scent of coyote , ` ` of any other shifter . ''
the wild scent of shifter filled his nose .
` ` maybe ... maybe the attacker blocked his scent , '' sarah said quietly , near the porch but with her face carefully averted from the steps .
he 'd blocked his scent with herbs a few times when he did n't want the coyotes to know that he was hunting .
` ` by the time i caught the scent of blood on the wind ... '' a demon 's sense of smell was nowhere near as powerful as a shifter 's .
he 'd caught sarah 's scent near the porch .
` ` they did n't want their scents on me . ''
that scent was undeniable , and so was the scent of ... coyote .
that scent was undeniable , and so was the scent of ... coyote .
the scent of coyote was everywhere and it was strongest around the woman .
and the scent was driving him crazy .
no point in getting too close and letting the others catch his scent .
` ` did the scouts catch dane 's scent ? ''
` ` they ... thought they picked up his scent in one of the houses but- '' ` ` then we 're going to f**king get our man back . ''
his scent , not his mark .
with her scent on him .
if she 'd been a shifter , she probably would have caught his scent in time , but ...
the scent of coyote was all over the place .
he caught the wolf 's scent , but dane was gone .
lucas 's gaze swept the house once more , the fury building in the wolf as the scent of blood filled his nose .
coyote and wolf scents were all over the f**king place .
and as they fought , the scent of blood grew thicker .
he 'd never forget the scent of his brother 's blood .
for months , he 'd only had that scent to track as he fought to rescue jordan from the vamp bastards who 'd taken him , the bastards who 'd planned to use his brother as food for a born master , a damn all - powerful vampire ass**le .
when he 'd tracked the scent of his brother 's blood to that hellhole in vegas ... my mate .
some shifters recognized their mates by scent .
she brushed by him , heading back toward the blood and the scent of death .
when he went to kill rafe , sarah 's scent would be on his body .
the scent of the coyote 's blood was growing stronger .
he would have caught her scent , heard sarah as she fled .
her scent had been strong , too strong - because she was close .
` ` if he catches the scent of more than two ... '' the bastard might kill dane .
he could n't detect dane 's scent .
the scent of fresh blood hung in the air , a silent call to his beast .
the scent of blood and wolf filled her nostrils .
dane had n't caught the vamp scent on him .
but now the scent of death and decay - several days old - hung in the air .
no mistaking that metallic scent .
the wild , musky scent of the wolf teased marie 's nose .
her scent 's on him , but she 's not here . ''
` ` why your scent was all over marie dusean ? ''
` ` sorry if i do n't believe you , but his scent ... '' her index finger pointed at lucas .
` ` like i said before , your scent 's all over her . ''
` ` why was your scent on marie ? ''
that scent ... ` ` no , '' the demon said definitely .
and with every step they took , the scent of death deepened around them .
she had n't caught the scent .
so much death , the scent clogged his nose and he wondered what he 'd find , how many bodies , how much blood , how- the door swung open .
because that scent of death was coming from her .
that scent was clogging his nostrils .
did n't really matter how fast he ran , though , lucas had the scent now .
` ` hang around animals enough , and their scent sticks to you . ''
` ` and it helps if you visit a certain mambo in the area and get a special oil that gives off shifter scent , right , k ? ''
you recognized his scent , and i ' m sure he would have briefed the big old alpha right away .
` ` you look different , marley , but the scent is the same .
the scent of burned flesh rose , clogging her nostrils .
the scent had been so strong on sarah , he had n't even realized ... a key was shoved across the scarred desktop .
` ` whose scent are we after ? ''
` ` find her , follow her scent , and let me know which hole she crawls into . ''
the scent of blood was like a punch in the face .
the scent of ash lingered in the air , tangling with the blood .
he 'd never forget her scent .
it did n't take him long to catch the scent jordan was following .
no way to miss the scent of the dead .
there was n't a whole lot that you could tell about those burned remains , but the scent was wrong .
` ` the scent of his blood clogged my nostrils .
they gave me shelter and helped to hide my scent . ''
no wolf scent .
` ` i thought you followed marley 's scent here . ''
could n't even catch the scent of josette 's blood .
he tried to catch her scent but the smoke seemed to burn the inside of his nose .
the scent of fire came with her .
` ` it burns , fills the air , and the scent covers nearly everything else . ''
if jacobson got away , he 'll catch the guy 's scent . ''
jude donovan was good at catching scents .
he caught the whisper of fast - moving feet and the scent of booze and death .
her scent was all around him , the rich scent of her sex tormenting him .
there was nothing like the scent of a woman 's arousal .
no way a shifter nose could miss the scent of sex .
` ` what's- '' ` ` smoke , '' jude said , and an instant later , zane caught the scent .
her scent surrounded them .
his skin was gray , his dark head hung low , and the scent of blood was heavy around him .
yeah , the shifter understood - he would have caught the vamp 's scent .
not with the scent of jana 's blood still on that vamp .
daniels might be surprised , but zane had caught the woman 's scent , so when the door swung open fully and special agent kelly thomas appeared next to tony , he was n't surprised .
` ` but you know some shifters can disguise their scents . ''
he 'd caught her scent over the fire and looked up ... and jana had been there .
the thick , coppery scent hung in the air .
the scent alone should have been enough to choke her but- ` ` these are n't wolf claw marks .
` ` and i know a shifter 's scent when i smell it - there 's not a drop of shifter odor on her . ''
` ` yeah , the scent 's wrong . ''
jude donovan caught the scent of blood in the air .
it was a scent that called to him , that tempted him , and one that made the beast inside salivate .
the scent came from behind him .
` ` zane ... '' she saw his nostrils flare as he caught the scent and then he was running for the door .
i tried to pick up tony 's scent from the scene , but- '' his shoulders lifted , then fell in a hard shrug .
the scents were stronger .
` ` when i left the fire and i caught her scent ... '' his head lowered toward her hair , and he inhaled deeply .
the scent of jana 's blood was driving him crazy .
he rushed down the alley , following that scent .
they would have caught the shooter 's scent on the wind , heard him creeping up for the shot .
his nostrils twitched , just a bit , but the scent was starting to fade .
` ` you did n't answer me , '' he said and tried to ignore her scent .
` ` do n't say i did n't warn you , '' simon whispered , the scent of his own blood clogging his nostrils .
so close that she caught the scent of his aftershave .
he could smell her , that wild scent drifting in the air .
growling , he took off into the night , following the scent of the blood trail as fast as he could .
dee had made her attackers bleed and that sweet scent would take him right to her .
the scent hit her again , stronger now that she was aware , striking like a hard punch in the face .
that deep , rich scent that was dee .
the scent hit him instantly .
the scent of her blood hung in the air between them .
closer than you know ... '' simon caught the scent in the air .
but the blood scent was coming from the left .
a wild , animal scent and- voices buzzed in her ears .
` ` pak told me that a vamp 's scent changes , '' dee said , not sure she understood why she was n't reeking like a corpse .
would have caught his scent just as she 'd caught all the others .
following the scent of blood was ridiculously easy .
the scent of blood hung in the air between them , but simon 's nostrils widened and he caught the heavier aroma of her slick cream .
the scent was thick and heavy in the air , because some bastards were out there , getting ready to torch the house , to torch them .
the gasoline scent was stronger here .
she smelled catalina 's scent .
the scent hit simon then .
his nose twitched as he caught the scent of blood .
the scent drew him and power pulsed in the air .
he wrenched open the door and caught the scents too late .
just as she 'd caught his thickening scent .
they could n't get much closer or the vamps would catch the distinct scent of the shifters .
she turned , following the woman 's scream and the thickening scent of blood .
he caught a scent then .
a wild , fierce scent in the night .
and , finally , finally , the scent of her arousal began to fill the air .
she knew the instant he caught the scent .
the same scent that already filled her nose .
jude inhaled and caught the cloying scent of the swamp , the rich flavor of his own blood , and the man 's scent of fear and sweat .
jude inhaled and caught the cloying scent of the swamp , the rich flavor of his own blood , and the man 's scent of fear and sweat .
no , oh , hell , no- she caught his scent then .
the wild scent of her kind .
the animal scent of the hunter teased her , as did the thick fragrance of blood in the air .
she knew he was drinking in her scent , knew too by the faint line that appeared between his brows that he could n't quite understand what she was .
` ` i ' ve got your scent . ''
if jude donovan truly was a shifter , and every instinct she had screamed that he was , then having her scent , well , it meant he had her .
and shifters , well , they could smell each other - a distinct scent .
one that carried the wisp of power and the scent of the beast .
no denying that scent .
an alluring , haunting scent of woman .
did n't give off the wild , rich scent of female shifters .
he drew in a deep breath and caught the scent of the man 's sweat and blood .
she 'd caught his scent seconds before he 'd spoken .
his scent filled the air around them .
the scent of the blood burned her nostrils .
the guy did n't so much as give off one whiff of shifter scent .
a past that had come calling today - memories stirred up by the cloying scent of blood and death .
she had n't caught any unusual scent drifting from him , but his agreement to bring in night watch and his almost desperate demands to the da had sure indicated the guy knew more than he was letting on about the situation .
if the scent of blood were n't clogging up his nostrils , he sure as all hell would ' ve enjoyed the moment .
the animal inside loved the scent of blood .
but the man knew the coppery scent was bad .
i ' ve caught his scent before .
not too heavy but- another scent .
shifter 's scent .
` ` i - i caught his scent once . ''
` ` shifters carry a distinct scent .
` ` you got all that from a scent ? ''
the scent of his blood seemed too thick in the air .
she 'd caught his scent on the wind .
wild - animal scent .
but he caught a faint scent , one heavy with musk , smelling of the forest .
shifter scent .
if he 'd caught the scent , it had only been because the bastard out there let him catch the smell .
she knew the other shifter could manage to control his scent .
he 'd sure masked the scent before .
she could smell the scent of her own arousal in the air and knew he had to catch the scent , too .
she could smell the scent of her own arousal in the air and knew he had to catch the scent , too .
the scent of sex drifted around them .
eased onto the mattress and tried not to notice the way his scent surrounded her .
the scent of gasoline was in the air .
` ` why did n't he catch your scent ? ''
her nostrils widened and she caught his heady scent .
the hyena should have recognized her true scent .
her scent had been off that first day .
but if her scent could n't be detected by the others ... shit .
the whiff of his scent was deliberate .
he could control his scent , disguise it .
the jarring metal echoed with every move she made , and she followed that scent with her palms sweating and the hair on her nape rising .
the guy 's scent hung in the stairwell .
and then the scent changed .
his nostrils twitched as he caught the other shifter 's scent .
` ` i do n't really know how he does it but , he can hide his scent . ''
` ` today , i caught his scent because he wanted me to .
the urge to attack , to rip and kill and smell the sweet scent of death , had his blood heating in his veins .
` ` and your scent ... '' shifters .
yeah , her scent had changed , and she figured the guy probably had caught the smell of her arousal .
his nostrils flared , just a bit , as he caught the hunter 's scent .
` ` you caught any other shifter scents while you ' ve been in the station ? ''
` ` because old trent might have been able to hide his shifter scent , but he left his kids behind .
` ` i ' ve been around the boys , i never noticed- '' ` ` you said he might have been taking herbs to hide his scent . ''
or rather , on scent .
what's- '' ` ` a scent that f**ks up a shifter 's nose , that 's what . ''
because of the kymine or because he 'd cloaked his scent ?
so many scents assaulting him now that his enhanced smell was back .
this time , he could catch the lighter , feminine scent of the wolf shifter .
you would have caught my scent . ''
i caught her scent at mort 's .
his nostrils flared and erin knew he was trying to catch a scent .
no mistaking that particular scent in the air .
no , no shifter scent .
the scent surrounded him .
` ` erin , he 'd catch your scent long before we closed in and the bastard would run . ''
the wolf would catch her scent instantly .
the air from dee 's open door wafted into the suv , and erin 's eyes widened as she caught a distinct scent .
` ` i knew the second i caught your scent that you were mine . ''
dee asked and the scent of her blood burned erin 's nose .
the scent of burnt flesh filled the air , combined with the stench of rotten food in the alley .
adam caught the scent of blood on the wind .
she could pick up scents , even identify different people from miles away .
just as earlier , when the human had approached her , she had n't detected his scent .
humans always carried a scent .
but that guy , the tall , dark guy who 'd approached her in the feeding room , he 'd had no scent .
even this close to him , she still could n't catch his scent .
no other vampire had ever carried a scent like- ` ` it 's time . ''
` ` if the wolves put a tracker on us , '' and they probably had , the bastards , ` ` then he 'll be out there now , following the scent . ''
well , not his scent because the man did n't have one - but she did .
the scent faded as abruptly as it had appeared .
` ` we were throwing the wolves off our scent . ''
could catch the scent of soap , of woman .
her scent drove him to the brink .
he knew it without having to take a step inside , but her scent lingered around him - actually , it was- ` ` i told you not to f**king touch me again ! ''
` ` but they have n't so much as caught a whiff of her scent . ''
maya opened her senses fully , straining to hear every sound in the desert and to catch any unusual scent .
beings who could change their skin and hair color and blend perfectly with their environments , even adapting their scents to match the- two red chameleons sprang at her .
maya hesitated , trying to catch the scents from both the left and the right .
but scents could be cloaked .
she caught the faint scent of rotting flesh , ignored the sudden prickling of her nape that told her a vamp was nearby .
that was where the scent of blood was strongest .
although when i caught the scent of smoke around you a few times , i thought you might be an l10 . ''
he 'd learned to mask his scent over the years , but sometimes , if he became angry enough , the beast inside overpowered even the strong chemicals in his system .
his nostrils flared as he took in her scent .
her scent surrounded him , warm , wet woman .
maya showered as fast as she could , trying to rinse the scent of blood and sex off her body .
and the scent of blood grew stronger .
` ` but you - no scent , rage pouring from you - they 'll notify the vamps inside about you before you can even say ' screwed . ' ''
the scent filled her nostrils .
each time the door opened , he 'd caught the scent of blood .
she had n't caught their scent - the scents of vamps were everywhere .
she had n't caught their scent - the scents of vamps were everywhere .
the scent of blood was heavy in the room and her eyes caught sight of the glistening red drops matted in the wolf 's fur .
maya turned the key , pushed open the door , and caught the faint scent of smoke in the air .
he followed the howls , the scent of death .
she was weak and the scent was so sweet .
hope the alley 's smell covered his own scent .
the bastard from l.a . she knew his scent .
he caught her scent on the wind .
the open window drew in her scent .
he followed her scent , followed the snarls and the howls that screamed in the night .
jerked on her jeans- and caught the scent of a wolf .
she 'd caught the other wolf 's scent just seconds before he spoke , but since she did n't particularly view the kid as a threat , she had n't reacted .
she inhaled , expecting another wolf , but she caught the scent of- nothing .
he followed maya 's scent down the hallway , stopped at the glass balcony doors , and stared out at her .
the scent of smoke rose in the air around them .
i ' ve got your scent , maya .
` ` he 's not the only one who can track your scent . ''
if they catch your scent too soon , war 's gon na break out and we 'll all be lucky to get out alive . ''
` ` he 's got no scent . ''
the scent of smoke teased her nostrils .
he leaned in close to her , his nostrils widening as he caught her scent .
` ` a - adam ... '' when his mouth opened in a roar , and the scent of brimstone filled the room , she knew the battle was over .
his nostrils widened as he tried to catch her scent , but all he could smell was the fire .
maybe she should just kick in the front door , forget being subtle and- maya stiffened , her nostrils widening as she caught a new scent of the wind .
she had n't caught the man 's scent , had n't so much as heard his approach .
she 'd missed him , missed his touch and his scent and his strength the last few nights .
his head had turned toward her , and he was close enough to catch the light scent that always surrounded her .
her nose twitched at the acrid scent in the air .
` ` the scent 's stronger here . ''
not even the faintest of scents had been detected by the canines .
there were no scents to track around lily 's car .
` ` but if the dogs are n't turning up a scent , does n't that mean lily might not even be in paradox any longer ? ''
the scent of death was heavy in the air .
` ` there will be something here with his scent on it , '' cadence told him .
kyle ran right after them , not about to be left behind , because they had a scent .
the dogs had the scent , and now they had him .
the scent the dogs followed should have belonged to jake landers .
her scent , her body , was all around him .
they were left there , with the scent of blood and death all around them .
the dogs were already out , chasing after walker 's scent .
after her , he 'd never been able to forget the scent .
the scent of the blood smothered the lilacs .
they 'd given the dogs walker 's scent , taken from prison clothes left at angola .
` ` make them get the scent again . ''
the scent of stale beer and sweat filled the air .
his nostrils flared as he drank in her scent .
the scent of vegetation was thick in the area , but there was something else hanging in the air , too .
her scent seduced him , her body tempted him , and her tongue , her lips - they made him so hard .
and the scent of death .
he 'd caught the scent of gasoline just in time to jerk lauren to safety .
the scent of smoke was so strong in the air .
the scent of blood and death was heavy in the air .
the scent of bleach and death followed him .
then he caught the scent of blood .
the scent of blood was strong in the room , heavy and cloying as it filled his nostrils .
the carpet was gone and the scent of bleach hung heavily in the air .
he was catching her scent .
her scent was pulling him in .
to clear the scent of blood and death from her nose .
the scent in that place was making her sick .
could n't enjoy the scent or the sight .
then they 'd lost valentine 's scent .
the scent of smoke was in the air , and as he headed back toward the smoldering remains of the house on oakland , dane saw the firefighters who 'd gathered at the scene .
she could smell fresh air over the cloying scent of her blood .
the deeper scent that was his alone .
could smell the faint scent of sex .
the scent of blood was so much stronger .
valentine 's nostrils flared , as if he were drinking in a scent .
the scent of death hit her then .
dane followed the scent of the blood .
the scent of blood was so much stronger ... because there was a woman lying on a table in the middle of the room .
the scent of death clogged her nostrils .
as she stood before the door the scent choked her , but she knew she had to keep her game face on .
sam 's nostrils flared as she caught the harsh scent of garbage , cigarettes , and crap that she did n't even want to think about .
she knew the scent of blood .
as soon as he stepped over the threshold , the scent of blood and bleach burned his nose .
the scent of blood was so strong , filling frank 's nose and making bile rise in his throat .
he climbed into the bed and surrounded her with his strength and his scent .
that scent ... oh , dammit , she knew that smell .
the scent of smoke burned kenton 's nostrils .
the scent of sex in the air just made the lust drumming in his veins all the harder to control .
all the damn flowers surrounding the giant hole in the ground , their scent choking her .
her scent was on him , pushing back the smoke .
beneath the scent of soot and ash , kenton could still smell the odor of whiskey and tequila .
the scent of smoke hit him and the crackle of the flames filled his ears he caught her hands and pulled her with him .
the fire flared higher , and the scent of gasoline burned his nose .
his scent surrounded her , his body pressed against hers , and she wanted him inside so badly that she ached .
the scent of smoke clung to him as seth said , ` ` he used gasoline as the accelerant this time . ''
his scent was around her .
the bitter scent filled the air .
the thick stench of booze was stronger than the scent of blood .
the scent of smoke still drifted in the air .
the overpowering scent of gasoline choked kenton .
the scent came from her bedroom .
luke swallowed and tried to ignore the scent of death that shoved up his nostrils .
when they 'd been on that plane and he 'd been so close , his scent had surrounded her .
the better to escape her scent .
the scent of death was just growing thicker in the room .
the scent of cigars teased his nose .
she could smell the scent even now .
the scent of blood hit him first .
she caught the heavy scent of his sweat .
he knew they would n't be able to resist the scent of all that blood much longer .
` ` a few got away , but we 'll catch their scents .
you think i do n't know your scent ?
to catch her scent .
caught her scent and- a man 's scent .
caught her scent and- a man 's scent .
another scent reached him in that moment .
instead , the scent was coming from the discarded bag on the floor .
i heard that once a werewolf gets your scent , he does n't lose it .
she could see well in the dark , could catch a scent from half a mile away , and she 'd once heard a baby cry from four blocks down the road .
one who carried a familiar scent .
` ` and the scent of your desire drives me f**kin ' crazy . ''
the scent of jane - her blood - followed him .
` ` the vamps will follow the scent of your blood .
so we need to leave as much of that scent behind as we can . ''
or , even better , maybe they could use that scent to lead the vamps on a false trail .
and the scent of blood .
so was the scent of blood .
the scent of blood - now she knew that it was alerac 's blood - that scent was making her hungry .
the scent of blood - now she knew that it was alerac 's blood - that scent was making her hungry .
only that scent was n't coming from the north , as it should have been .
the tracks of a man , but the scent of a vampire .
that wolf 's scent was familiar , and the sting of betrayal burned ever deeper .
he locked onto the one scent that mattered .
the scent of jane 's blood .
some of those dogs could catch a scent from miles away .
track liam or follow jane 's scent .
` ` the only scent on her is mine .
liam 's scent was on her .
he did n't like the scent of fear on jane .
her scent ... he shook his head , feeling a little drunk .
it had covered his scent .
he 'd learned a few other ways to hide his scent over the years , even from someone with senses as powerful as alerac 's .
alerac 's nostrils flared , as if he were pulling in her brother 's scent .
` ` i ' ve cloaked their scents .
the scent of blood was too heavy .
yes , alerac had caught his scent , too .
liam 's scent was stronger here , leading him deeper into the woods .
liam 's scent went back to the north .
` ` you 're not the only one who knows how to disguise his scent , '' alerac told him as he sank his claws even deeper in liam 's chest .
` ` if anyone catches his scent on our land , alert me immediately . ''
her scent had wrapped around him .
she could smell her brother 's blood , and she followed that scent , running hard and fast through the woods .
the trees passed her in a blur , and she tracked the scent of her brother 's blood deep into the woods .
the scent of the werewolf 's blood filled jane 's nostrils .
holding tight to his control , jamie followed the scent of blood , rounded the building and saw- the kid - some college - aged guy with sun - streaked blond hair - was pressed up against the side of the building .
a scent that was metallic , like ... jamie was shifting before her .
the same werewolf that had been there tonight because , right before the first bullet had slammed into jamie , she 'd caught latham 's scent .
the scent was gone now , but it did n't matter .
they were bleeding , and he knew that jamie would track the scent of the blood .
the scent of brian 's sweat and fear filled the interior of the vehicle .
she caught the scent , too .
jamie had kept the driver 's side window down as he drove , the better to follow the ` ` scent '' of their attackers , and it sure looked like his nose had led him to their prey .
he stood over a broken body , and the scent of blood called to her .
his nostrils flared as he sniffed , probably trying to catch latham 's scent .
he was downwind of her , but with her enhanced vampire senses , he was still worried she 'd catch his scent .
his scent was on her .
when she went to latham , she 'd be carrying jamie 's scent on her .
then he was running , following her sweet scent .
but even as he rushed through the woods , her scent was growing fainter .
` ` a few other vamps were helping him , and they're- '' ` ` here , '' she finished with a nod because she 'd caught their scents , too .
` ` when michael caught the werewolf scent in the air , he thought you were just one of latham 's army . ''
the heavy scent of silver burned in the air .
` ` it is when i smell latham 's scent . ''
and his brother 's scent was definitely on sean .
i wanted him to catch your scent on me .
she had n't caught latham 's scent yet , but she 'd take jamie 's word for it .
their scents were too linked then - they were too close to each other .
under the moonlight , she saw his nostrils flare and knew the guy had caught the scent that revealed her for exactly what she was .
paige wanted to hide her fear , but being a werewolf , he could probably smell the scent on her .
the scent of her blood filled his nostrils .
someone shouted even as she caught the scent of smoke drifting in the air .
an instinctive response to the scent of blood .
the scent of her blood was too strong .
the coppery scent of blood filled the room .
she knew that scent too well .
we cloaked our scents , so you never knew we were ... at that lake .
the scent of blood seemed to burn her nostrils , and she just needed to get out of there .
he had her scent , and he would n't lose it .
her scent was stronger now .
the scent of their spells always clung to them .
but , lately ... the scent had started to- ` ` well , hello , pretty lady ... '' she did n't start in surprise .
the scent of her growing fear seemed to burn his nose .
` ` wolves like the scent of blood . ''
what if the scent was too strong ?
` ` your blood ... the scent ... '' his jaw clenched , and he gritted , ` ` it makes me want to kill . ''
when her scent surrounded him .
` ` before they got around to that eliminating ... '' he exhaled and remembered the scent of burning flesh .
allison 's scent was weak , barely hanging in the air .
he grabbed his jeans , yanked them on , and followed the faint trail of her scent in the air .
his canines had stretched when he 'd first caught the scent of smoke .
he knew the scent of his blood had to be driving her crazy .
he growled , and she caught the scent of blood .
with the werewolf hiding allison in the woods , he would n't have been able to catch her scent anymore .
sweat covered her , and she could still smell the scent of her own burning flesh .
once they made it back to town , cade made short work of finding elsa 's scent trail .
actually , finding her scent was a little too easy .
he 'd followed the scent of ash and power all the way back to this place .
the scent of blood was far too strong .
the scent of those vamps was so strong that it nearly overpowered everything else .
no scent of fear , not yet .
and he caught the scent of fear as it swept through her .
but the slight flare of his nostrils told her that the wolf was drinking in her scent , and no doubt picking up on her fear.great .
sniffed- got a scent .
` ` you know whose scent i caught al around that house ? ''
` ` demon scent . ''
` ` their scents were everywhere . ''
she yanked open the door and the scent of hel hit her .
she kissed him back with no hesitation , even though the scent of fear stil hovered on her skin .
he stroked her with his tongue , caressed with his lips , but the scent remained .
the scent of blood hit her .
open just enough to let the scent of blood spil out .
` ` either way , i ' ve got his scent . ''
he could smel the acrid scent of burning flesh .
the coppery scent of death fil ed her nostrils .
i ' ve become hyperaware of everything - the faint scents of gasoline and rubber tires that cling to my hair ; the murmur from the police scanner too low to understand .
no , today his wolf was stressing over something and was annoyed with nick for not realizing what his wolf had already sensed : shaya 's scent was faint .
but all nick could think about was the fact that shaya 's scent was far too faint - faint enough to suggest that she had n't been here for a while .
at the same time as it registered just who the familiar scent belonged to , a deep , rumbly voice spoke .
` ` i ' ve missed your scent .
at his presence and scent , her wolf stirred and stretched out inside her , her dark mood lifting .
his wolf let loose a growl of satisfaction - he liked having her in his space , liked having her scent surrounding him .
his wolf loved the scent of his fear , wanted more of it .
wariness crept into his expression , and the fear in his scent intensified .
and now shaya had a primal urge to touch him in some way , to leave her scent on him - something that would warn away the other female .
her scent all over him ... her wolf was smug at that .
besides , he knew better than to go to his mate with the scent of another female on his skin .
either she 'd picked up his scent or had sensed someone 's gaze on her , because she suddenly glanced over her shoulder .
come to think of it , so is your scent . ''
so deeply that his shifter senses had n't been able to waken him , despite that they would have picked up the argument outside , the tension in the air , and also her scent .
of course nick had picked up her scent , but as he 'd fallen asleep with the scent of her and of her arousal on his hand , it had n't occurred to him that she was there .
of course nick had picked up her scent , but as he 'd fallen asleep with the scent of her and of her arousal on his hand , it had n't occurred to him that she was there .
i recognized a few of the scents . ''
they 'll know that if they want to find out who is responsible , all they 'll have to do is take one footstep inside the salon - the scent of the perpetrators will be right there for them to sense . ''
the scents of their arousal filled the car , which suddenly felt much smaller than it was .
the scent of fear surrounded them , pleasing her wolf , who - though not a fan of confrontation - had every intention of standing by her mate .
` ` our scents have mixed . ''
` ` i find i ' m possessive enough to be smug that now everyone will know by just your scent that you 're taken and mine . ''
there was no desire in the guy 's scent or eyes , which meant he did n't appear to have any interest in shaya in a sexual sense ; therefore , nick could allow him to live .
he needed to follow her scent in order to find her .
near the tree , he picked up four scents : one belonged to his mate , two belonged to humans , and the last scent was that of a shifter .
near the tree , he picked up four scents : one belonged to his mate , two belonged to humans , and the last scent was that of a shifter .
it was a scent that the wolf knew ... a scent that belonged to a wolf who should be dead .
it was a scent that the wolf knew ... a scent that belonged to a wolf who should be dead .
it was not the scent of fire , smoke , and wood burning that made the gray wolf skid to a halt .
then she heard the door suddenly burst open , and the scent of her mate entered the hut .
he might have made her beg a little , but the scent of her pu**y was much too tempting .
her honeysuckle - and - caramel scent that his wolf had always found ... intriguing ... now had the distinctive tang of a mature female , and it incited his wolf .
did n't matter how bitable her mouth was or how tantalizing man and wolf found her scent .
he scented her before he saw her ; that caramel - and - honeysuckle scent made his wolf growl and the knot in dante 's chest ease - a knot he had n't even known was there until then .
maybe her magnetic scent messed with his mental processes , or maybe his need to be inside her was too great for him to pick up much else .
not that she could take it as a compliment - the scent of a mature female wolf 's arousal would have undoubtedly stirred his wolf and interested his body whether dante wanted it to or not .
the scent of her arousal swirled around him , blending with his own , making him close to drunk .
her presence and scent would only make jaime 's wolf worse .
i recognized one of the scents , knew it was my mom 's brother .
as they did their lap , dante told jaime the type of things enforcers needed to check for when doing a patrol check : unusual odors , unfamiliar scents or footprints or markings , damage to the forest , signs of forced entry on the perimeter fence , or any fallen tree limbs that could cause damage to the perimeter fence .
also , notice the direction of the wind - you do n't want others to be able to pick up your scent . ''
` ` it wo n't be easy with the guys , because they 're shifters and they can follow your scent , so it 's all about speed .
tracking you just by using your scent alone can slow them down and place more distance between you and them . ''
her wolf relaxed slightly , though jaime doubted that she would have done so if dante had n't been so close and his scent had n't been surrounding her .
that way , his amazing scent would n't be constantly teasing her and her wolf .
going by the fact that their scents were each a combination of pine , wet earth , musk , and wolf , it was easy to guess that they were wolf shifters .
well , the scent of your arousal tells me different .
an hour later , she made her way to the laundry room , wanting to ensure she had washed the offensive scent of glory 's brothers from her coveralls .
ignoring her attempt to wriggle out of his arms , he laughed , relishing the scent of her arousal .
going by how faint her scent was , it was obvious that she had n't been in there since earlier .
she knew that scent , would know it anywhere .
like his enforcers , dante did n't recognize him or his scent .
dante 's wolf liked that the male 's fear was practically pulsing in the air , relished the scent of it .
as dante bent forward , the scent of the male 's fear in the air rocketed .
although he loved her scent and often found himself wanting to writhe in it , he looked forward to their bond advancing and their scents finally mixing .
much like her scent , the contact had a way of arousing him , settling him , and stirring his wolf all at the same time .
before she could say anything else , he trailed after jaime , following her scent to their room .
her wolf liked it , liked to be surrounded by his scent .
` ` your scent 's changed . ''
satisfaction roared through him with the knowledge that everyone would know from her scent that she was taken , was his .
it was as she reached the foot of the mountain that she smelled a familiar scent that both she and her wolf instantly recognized as a threat .
not only was he covered in blood - not exactly a calming smell - but he had laurie 's scent on him from when she 'd thrown herself at him just moments before .
he wanted few scents in that room , and he wanted to be the one to heal her .
instinctively the wolf was quiet , fearing the unknown , fearing the scents , though they were familiar .
the scent of her mate was heavy , tempting .
but there was another scent that was tempting .
a scent , a ... presence .
silently , the wolf padded through the large den , following the scent .
the wolf continued to follow the inviting scent .
always silent , careful , and stealthy , the wolf moved until the scent was overwhelming .
the packmates were still speaking when she followed the scent into a room .
there was another strong scent here .
the wolf knew the scent coming from the alpha male - panic .
she was intending to follow your scent and find you , but then she scented kye .
it 's hard to explain ... his scent was like a calling for my wolf .
dominic smelled her scent on the key and then caught her trying to sneak out in the middle of the night with leif , so she 'd most likely heard you were alive and calming .
her wolf wanted to rub against him enticingly , recognising his scent as the one from the bedroom .
apparently he had become so used to the scent of fear that he now found himself a little thrown .
instinctively , trey inhaled deeply to investigate the scent of the female just as he did with anyone he met for the first time .
his wolf growled his arousal , wanting to further investigate this female with the mouth - watering scent .
when two wolves were imprinted , their scents mixed and they developed a sort of metaphysical link .
she liked his confidence , his determination , his heavy air of dominance , and she absolutely loved his scent .
and her scent ... god , her scent .
it was only minutes later when she heard footsteps approaching and his scent drifted toward her .
in addition to that , as a creature with the most basic instincts , her wolf wanted to investigate some of the male scents and also hiss at some of the female scents .
in addition to that , as a creature with the most basic instincts , her wolf wanted to investigate some of the male scents and also hiss at some of the female scents .
` ` her scent disappeared not far from here , '' said dante as he reappeared at his side .
his enticing male scent surrounded her , blocking all else .
it 's your scent she likes most . ''
being back inside trey 's bedroom where his scent was overbearing made her wolf a little less restless , but still she did n't like being separated from her male .
the familiar black door that led to the kitchen would n't be too hard to find ; she could just follow the scents of meat and eggs and hot toasted bread .
on leaving his office , trey had followed the trail of taryn 's delicious scent to track her down .
her wolf enjoyed having her mate so close , enjoyed having his scent cocooning her .
little by little the tension in him eased as he allowed his wolf to take solace in her closeness and her scent .
his wolf tensed and growled at darryl 's scent , offended by it .
taryn 's wolf settled a little as she picked up her mate 's scent .
and then he seemed to pause and his growling eased a little as if he recognised the scent on the jacket .
hopefully he recognised it as the scent of his mate and not another threat .
he and his wolf were comforted by the knowledge that they would stay with her while trey removed the streaks of blood and the lingering scent of the dead wolf from his body .
and yet her scent and voice had reached his wolf even through that fog .
deciding some retaliation would n't be such a bad thing , she very slightly grinded against his very hard c**k - he might not particularly desire her , but his body would still react to his mate 's scent .
i wo n't even be listening , i ' m too distracted by your scent . ''
two , although taryn 's scent was everywhere he turned , it was faint ... as if it was simply what lingered in the air .
` ` almost every pack member 's scent is in this lot because everyone uses it .
if we had gotten to it when the paint was still wet then maybe the culprit 's scent would be heavier in the air than the rest but ... '' an arm curled supportively around her and she turned her head to see tao looking down at her wearing a sympathetic expression .
the fact that her scent was stronger the closer he got told him that that was where she was .
if he had n't picked up her scent in the second floor tunnels , he might have ended up back on that merry chase .
following her scent , he soon found himself outside one of the guest bedrooms - not that they ever had guests .
making it worse was that the scent of her arousal still flavoured the air .
he was also aware by the scent that suddenly flavored the air that taryn had heard him .
taryn had been following trey 's scent , hoping to hunt him down and get him to stop brooding when she heard dante 's words : ` ` you know , you could just ask her to stay for good . ''
like the way her wolf reacted to trey 's scent - hell , she 'd even been calm when he kidnapped her - and constantly craved his company and touch .
it was typical of trey and ryan to not join in the fun and , instead , spend the time leaving scent markers to warn away strange wolves .
trey buried his face in the crook of her neck and swam in her exotic scent ... and that was when he smelt the scent of the other male .
` ` our scents .
it also meant that any shifter who picked up her scent would know she was a mated female before even seeing her mark - or marks .
even his wolf who recognised their scents was n't comfortable with their presence at all .
and then she understood ; her scent .
the distinctive change to her scent had hit him immediately as he entered the room , but not harder than his understanding of what that meant .
she picked up lance 's scent almost immediately .
his wolf growled inside his head , affronted by this male 's scent and reaching for the surface with his eagerness to get to him .
mixed in with all that was the scent of the male that held her - ' uncle ' .
it would n't bring him any mercy from the grey wolf though - not when he had threatened his mate , not when his scent triggered memories of cruelty and pain being inflicted on a young trey .
his claw managed to slash his shoulder , and the scent of the grey wolf 's blood flavored the air and had the challenger growling with satisfaction .
slowly she walked to him , pleased at finally being free and being able to have fur - to - fur contact with her mate as she had hungered to do from the second she picked up his scent .
` ` if your mate smells my scent all over you , he 'll kill me . ''
the grey wolf did n't need to use his mate 's scent to find her .
` ` sweetheart , did you really think that if enough time went past for your scent to fade , i would n't have known you 'd been there ?
` ` if we had n't already been surrounded by the scent of rotten fish , we would have done . ''
i did n't need the scent of my blood in the air to know that i was bleeding .
we need to make them follow us , need to leave a scent for them to follow . ''
` ` just because my gift to hide my scent '' - well that explained why she 'd thought i would n't sense that she had paid my apartment a little visit - ` ` is defensive does n't mean that i ' m defenceless , sam .
knowing that if we lingered our scents would reach the vampires in the living area before we did , i did n't waste any time in moving .
the scent that suddenly drifted downwind to me instantly made my blood boil .
even though her scent was driving me insane and i was hard as a f**king rock , i did n't .
having exchanged nods with him , sam and i followed magda 's scent as we walked down the row of cells - all of which were constructed of unbreakable glass thanks to one of the vampires within the legion who had an affinity to glass and could shape and manipulate it .
at this point i had established by their scent that they were male seen as females tended to have sweeter scents .
his nostrils flared as he took in my scent .
christ , even the potent scent of her blood all over me had n't been enough to distract me from how worried i was about her .
i 'd be able to smell his scent from here , and he was n't too hard for me to sense .
i picked up the scents of jared , evan , chico and max close behind me .
the touch , the voice and the scent alerted me to the fact that it was jared .
she would n't have had your scent , your voice , your blood , or your mind ... and i wanted every part of you . ''
your accent seemed off and your scent was n't as strong - '' ` ` probably because it was my jacket that had my scent on it , not her . ''
your accent seemed off and your scent was n't as strong - '' ` ` probably because it was my jacket that had my scent on it , not her . ''
even though my blood had only seeped to the surface slightly with each tear of my flesh before repairing itself , the scent was still potent in the air .
of course we could kill them but we did n't want the scent of blood in the air or a lot of noise going on and we especially did n't want to waste time and energy on people in comas .
but then i caught the scent of something other than demon stink , and i realized where i was .
my brethren and i have smelled their scent in the forest in many places , but were unable to locate the source .
suddenly , he knew that scent .
gavril knew by scent alone that the strands were in league with ra'ak .
reah , i kept some of your things - they bear your scent and i could n't part with them - chash .
if they could get to a soul - shift triangle immediately , they might be able to get a power scent .
i leaned against him - lendill has a scent that no other man has .
he was having trouble reconciling what his mother had known immediately by scent alone .
i had no idea what world we stood upon when we landed , but it held the scent of plowed fields .
` ` do you have any idea how exquisite your scent is , ana ?
i hope that it 's enough to throw him off the scent .
` ` that will throw the dogs off the scent , '' she says smugly .
i turned on my shower as hot as i could stand , and i stayed in there for at least an hour , trying to wash his scent away .
something about his scent calmed me , just like it did right now .
she gets to sniff walker and learn his scent .
` ` fucking hell , your scent has been driving me mad all day . ''
the professor 's scent was unremarkable .
her kindness and charity almost masked the unpleasant undertone to her scent , but there it was , lurking in the background like a serpent .
he followed the emersons ' scents to the botticelli room .
anxious that perhaps the emersons had fled the building , he entered the hall , following their scent down the corridor .
the figure made sure that he was downwind of the prince , so that his scent would not reveal him .
the scent of a number of his kind came into sharp relief .
moreover , he could n't leave the palazzo to wander the streets of florence for fear someone would pick up his scent .
water masked the stranger 's scent .
ibarra took that opportunity to focus on his scent .
when he turned to claim his prize , he found she 'd fallen to the ground , the sweet scent of her blood heavy in the air .
` ` from the scent of her i thought she was a child . ''
he favored virgins , too , but misread my scent . ''
no one would touch him unless they were feral because his scent was sickening .
humans did n't realize their actions and emotions affected their scent .
jane 's scent was masked by what he 'd fed her to save her life .
emerson 's scent was distinctive and yet , somehow , it had changed since their last encounter .
mrs . emerson 's scent had changed since he 'd last been in her presence .
she smelled of old arrogance and darkness now ; her true scent , masked .
she could recall his scent , however .
based on the strength of the scent , they inferred the human had almost been drained .
when the scent of her arousal became too much , he pulled back .
he could smell her blood , of course , but the scent was muted .
he 'd never found their scent attractive .
her heart rate had slowed somewhat and her breathing evened out , but she still wore the scent of fear .
she 'd found the soap in a decorative box on top of the vanity and recognized the scent as being that of the intruder .
` ` your pet 's scent is masked .
he tried very hard to focus on her words and not be distracted by her scent , which had almost cleared of the vampyre blood he 'd given her .
i caught your scent in the alley outside . ''
inside it smells of beer and pizza and bongwater , and something else , the ammonia scent of a dirty cat box .
the scent of stale beer and mold smacked me in the face .
after showering and changing into fresh clothes , i still could n't get rid of the scent of ren or the taste of him .
only the leather chair , which had managed to retain the scent of his cologne , indicated he spent any time here at all .
not only would it throw them off the scent of what mae had really been doing , it would also be a good way to put carl on the defense by suggesting he was n't adequately protecting them .
the scent reminded him of what had almost been - and perhaps what might be if he were brave enough to take a gamble - so he finally sought sleep with one of his sedatives .
justin had the scent .
as we headed toward the corridor 's end , i became aware of something my dulled senses had n't experienced in a while : the scent of food .
the goblins want girls who dream so hard about being pretty their yearning leaves a palpable trail , a scent goblins can follow like sharks on a soft bloom of blood .
they 'd caught his scent last night and circled the church baying , but they could n't scale the walls and get him , not as they were , and anyway , it was n't him they 'd come for , but esme .
for druj to hunt openly in a human city , so far from their dominion in remote mountains , they had to be crazed with a long - sought scent .
in his mind their scent was the color of their hair , and it grew brighter as he drew nearer to their flat .
when the cats were all gone , they 'd breached the forest to hunt , but their putrid scent had chased away all prey but the sick and weak .
the scent of blood temporarily diverted the other oncoming beasts from mihai and esme , and they went for their wounded fellow .
from a respectable remove came this sending , more like an approximation of his physical distance , and it was stripped of scent and stir , as was right .
like a carrion beetle , he was called to sharper scents .
enzo enters with a sweep of dark robes , bringing with him the scent of wind , night , and death .
all i want to do is sink my tongue into her wet pu**y and lose myself in the scent of her .
he went up in slow circles , getting the feel of the new plane , sniffing to get her scent .
the air was saturated with the scent of manure and chilled urine .
he loved the smell of her , always , but especially when he 'd made love to her the night before , and she bore the strong , musky scent of him between her legs .
sometimes he would keep the illusion of warmth and family all the way to the cave where he hid ; other times it would disappear almost at once , torn away by a chill wind , rank and acrid with the scent of burning .
he was n't quite close enough to smell the musky scent of the stag , but he heard the telltale rustle of its brief start when it scented him .
something else drifted up , as well - the scent of frying sausage .
i tucked the ends of the quilt in , sarong - fashion , just above my br**sts , and picking up my trailing skirts , followed the scent of food downstairs .
torn between shame and need , he would wait in the dark , breathing in the stale and brutish scent of the surrounding men , listening to the murmurous breath of his companions , until the stealthy sounds nearby told him that the telltale clinking of his irons would be ignored .
the room was dustless and clean , but very quiet , without the scent or vibration of human occupancy .
heaps of wet human excrement lay in the corners of the slave pens , buzzing with flies , and a thick oily reek floated on the air , but the major component of the smell was the unpleasantly intimate scent of acres of hot bare flesh , baking in the sun .
` ` ye wouldna think stones had a scent , aye ?
with the horrible clarity that attends crisis of all kinds , i noted everything , from the nick in the edge of the blade as he drew it from the case , to the scent of the rose he crushed beneath one foot as he came toward me .
suddenly i became aware of another scent , above the tang of watercress and burnt sugar - a strong putrid - sweet smell that i recognized at once as the smell of rotten meat .
jamie struck at it and it hopped delicately into the air and rolled away along the rail , leaving a scent of burning in its wake .
and oddly enough , it was a describable smell : the scent of air burnt by lightning - ozone .
the gagging scent of petrol mingled with roasting flesh , and the log that was not a log lying charred in the center of the circle .
just before dawn , william smelled the sea and the rank mud scent of a marsh in the rain .
he sniffed , cautiously , but the scent had vanished ; perhaps he was imagining things .
jamie was crouched to one side ; i saw him draw out a small bottle and smelled the sharp scent of turpentine .
it did at least partially obliterate the scents of blood and fecal matter left by my patients .
the catamount had been gutted , which william supposed might be better than not - the day was warm , and getting hot - but the scent of blood drew masses of flies , which feasted at their leisure , as the horse , burdened with the travois , could not go fast enough to outpace them .
the sharp scent of lightning burned the air .
he sniffed , but the wind was wrong ; he picked up no scent of smoke - though now he saw smoke , thin threads of it rising against the pale dawn sky .
the soldiers across the road were cooking their meager rations ; my mouth watered and my stomach contracted painfully at the scent of roasting meat and flour .
it was n't ducks or geese ; those had a distinctive scent about them , a musk of body oils , feathers , and decaying waterweeds .
the scent of it , the knowledge of it , had drawn him like a moth - but he must n't enter .
he lifted the cup and poked a long nose reluctantly over the rim , nostrils twitching at the sickly - sweet scent .
he lifted his head , nodding a little , as though to himself , at sight of the campfires , the tents , the vast cloud of starlit haze that hung above us , full of smoke and dust and the scent of guns and ordure .
the second man had n't given up , and i admired him for it , but the scent of putrefaction in the air was unmistakable , and i could hear the general 's breathing - long , stertorous sighs , with a nerve - wringing silence between them .
it was not - thank god - a fresh one , but the scent of its original owner was still perceptible , even in the cold .
i could smell the bitter tang of it , even over the scent the buffalo robe had left on my shift .
maybe the scent was really there .
the scorched scent of burning blood and tissue came hot and thick , and marsali made a small , frantic noise but did n't loosen her hold on her son 's body .
he was following a scent , so much was clear .
but what kind of scent would make the dog do that ?
as well ask the dog to follow the scent of a butterfly through a butcher 's yard .
i could smell it ; the scent of sweat and gunpowder hung thick in the air on the landing , and the soles of my feet still vibrated from the slam of the heavy door below .
he breathed deeply , nostrils flaring ; an artillery company had a distinct smell to it , a sort of distillation of sweat , black powder , and hot metal , much more pungent than the scent of an infantry company with their muskets - the scent of searing iron seeped into an artilleryman 's clothes , as well as his soul .
he breathed deeply , nostrils flaring ; an artillery company had a distinct smell to it , a sort of distillation of sweat , black powder , and hot metal , much more pungent than the scent of an infantry company with their muskets - the scent of searing iron seeped into an artilleryman 's clothes , as well as his soul .
they were quite different kinds of men - but jamie 's blood roused at the scent of battle , too .
i could smell the hot , eager scent of him , even over the agricultural fug of the shed and the lingering smell of cabbage .
there was a narrow crack of sullen light just at the tops of the mountains , where the cloud had not quite settled , but the yard about him was deep in shadow , and the wind touched his face with the scent of cold rain .
the scent of a stranger she 'd brought jock macleod the traditional hospital present of grapes .
the scent of a stranger .
i sent ian and rollo with jamie to find the quartermaster , discover what we might have in the way of accommodation , and unload the pack mule , then followed my nose toward the nearest scent of food .
the beast was n't dead , though ; rollo twitched and raised his head , giving the newcomers a yellow wolf glare , but recognized jamie 's scent and barked once , then let his tongue loll out , panting .
he could still smell her scent , musky and soft , like putting his face in thick fur .
the thought of it reminded him of his own thirst - and the horse 's , for the creature was stretching out her neck , nostrils greedily flaring at the scent of water .
she did n't let go of him but moved closer , dislodging his glasses and enjoying the scent of his shaving soap and the starch in his linen - and the scent of him underneath .
i looked at the rather grubby sedan chair , inhaled the scent of several dozen previous users , and took a firmer grip on my cane .
but i was trapped there in that close , hot room , smelling blood and tar and the scent of myrrh in the laudanum , feeling tench 's agony .
from the roots of her dark purple hair to her rose barrette to her white cotton shirt , blue jeans that hug exactly right and purple shoes , she 's head - to - toe gorgeous.n feee ro like a weary bloodhound trailing a scent , stella leaves the kitchen in the direction of the living room and i follow .
the scent of pine is thick here .
the scent of hot dogs fills the air .
i ' ve already got her scent .
that 's when i catch the scent of something breathtakingly familiar .
a strong and offensive animal scent assailed me .
i stopped and sniffed , realizing that the scent of the animal was very faint and very far behind me .
but beyond that was a plethora of other scents that i 'd never been able to pick up on before .
over the more than three years since her death , izzy 's scent had al but faded from her room and her belongings .
i could think of nothing else , nothing but sinking my teeth into whatever carried that scent and draining it until there was n't a drop left .
as i was reaching for the door knob , ready to remove the only obstacle between me and my prey , another scent caught my attention and dragged it away from the door .
it was saturated with the scent of my mother 's blood , but it no longer affected me like it had only minutes before .
i recognized the scent , knew that it came from a deer , and that was al it took to ruin my ` ` appetite . ''
when he tore open his wrist for me , i was immediately whisked away by the winds of scent and thirst .
i was n't able to pick up on any scent or find anyone who 'd seen you for months , so i eventual y gave up .
in a layer of scent just beneath those i 'd always found inside the house , there was the dark , dank aroma of earth .
i had smel ed that strong scent before .
his scent was strong .
* * * * * * * * throughout the next day , i wracked my brain trying to figure out why the scent of my attacker seemed familiar .
my heart was pounding away at my ribs , my muscles bunched and ready for action , and i was just turning to bolt back in the direction of the cabin when i caught a familiar scent on the wind .
my nose , now even more sensitive to his scent since drinking his blood , detected hints of him lingering in the air around me .
and drew , he was a naturally jealous guy , so they were both a little harder to throw off the scent than the others .
the scent was fading .
bo 's nostrils flared as he tested my scent , and then , as if he was satisfied , his frown disappeared and his tension eased .
the prospect of no longer smelling that scent was unthinkable .
it was another few seconds before i could smell anything , but when the scent finally reached my nose , my stomach clenched in fear as my mind spun in disbelief .
the heavy scent of sanitizer stings my nose and makes me think of unpleasant things , of sick people and dying people and people who are lost without each other .
that 's when i caught the scent , the stench of death and decay .
` ` a certain scent can tell me if i ' m heading in the right direction .
i still smell his scent .
the scent of him overwhelms me .
i just wanted to put shannon off the scent .
he looked vaguely like a human version of a bloodhound on a scent .
suddenly , his nostrils flared , as if picking up a scent .
at one point , i toss something into the garbage bag and a whiff of something erupts , the scent of shampoo from the slightly opened top .
there 's a faint , acrid , almost sweet smell to the air , which i belatedly identify as the scent of pot .
even in his worry about hurting the crane , even in the sudden calamity of flapping wings and flying feathers and the stabbing of a beak that looked as if it might well be able to go straight through his chest and into his heart , he knew that his brain - likeable though it was - was incapable of conjuring a scent this crowded , this peopled by so many different spices .
' you girls will all run a mile faced with the scent of a thousand sweaty matelots . '
he was wearing his engineer 's overalls ; it was too dark to see the oil on them but she could smell it under the scent of the smoke .
margaret felt the crush of bodies pushing past her , smelt the mingling of several hundred brands of scent and setting lotion .
he wore no obvious signs of wealth , but he knew that , at thirty - three , he carried it like an invisible scent around him .
a faint echo of its scent had remained when he climbed back in this morning .
she had forgotten what a weirdly potent scent that was .
he brought with him an almost overwhelming scent of wet dog .
she gave off a faint scent of nina ricci .
' it still carries her scent . '
there i lay , night after night , the springs digging through the foam mattress into my back , the leathery scent of my sister 's old shoes permeating the dusty room as , like some penitent , i considered the mess i had made of what had seemed at the time a rather good life .
how could i live with edouard and face the possibility of him returning home smelling of another woman 's scent ?
i could n't see what they were from here , but it all gave off a faint scent of disinfectant .
as if i could lock in her scent and never , ever let it - or her - go .
she claims that even simple things like the fine scent of a man cause her pussy to twerk in a rapid motion .
i catch a whiff of her scent before i look up .
` ` i could very well develop a panty fetish because of your scent , my dear mrs . breckenridge .
i knew the scent of adrenalin well but that was not the fragrance tickling my sense of smell .
we 're standing close but we do n't have to be for me to smell how much stronger her scent is becoming .
his sniffer must be on the fritz since he does n't register her scent .
` ` i think the safest time would be in the mornings after they 're asleep so your scent will have time to fade before they 're awake again . ''
her scent becomes stronger .
` ` when we 're like this , your agape scent is the only smell i can detect .
her scent is all over me and vice versa .
` ` she went northwest judging by the direction of her scent .
` ` i picked up on jenn 's scent and followed it here , '' sebastian says .
` ` none of us recognize the scents so i do n't believe we have friendly company on our grounds . ''
his scent is in our bedroom but not the nursery .
i do n't pick up on the scent signaling the menstrual cycle she should be having right now .
` ` i ' m sure his scent was all over me .
` ` i think you secretly like it , '' i taunted , rolling toward his scent and his gravelly voice .
i knew the scent of this man , his tastes , his preferences , the soft throaty way he cursed when he entered me .
my body was responding to the maleness of his scent , my heartbeat ricocheting off the walls of my chest , making my breath come out in soft pants .
` ` i love your scent , '' i promised .
i think i might even take in the scent of female pheromones wafting their way to the front of the room , determined to attract their intended target .
` ` i can never get enough of your scent . ''
there was still the distinct scent of fear on the sheets but not like i had grown use to the week before .
the scent of my arousal hitting me as soon as my pants were down .
it was n't shane 's scent ... well hell !
they were close by , i could almost smell their greedy scent .
he knew my scent , my touch and was looking for it .
the feel of her in my arms , her lips kissing me back , the scent of her arousal as i thrust against her clit was like a drug that i would have killed to have an endless supply of .
my heart clenched painfully before my heart rate sped up , my hands growing damp , and my anger rising as i glanced around for the possible source of that particular scent .
her nostrils flared and i knew that she had caught the scent of my cologne .
z was right , there was the scent of food in the air .
the faint scent of burning skin filled the air .
as they turned the corner into the kitchen , the scent of burnt flesh filled the air .
the chemical scent shed detected when shed first entered the apartment , she now recognizes - triptomine nitrate ; a mild neural agent , not immediately fatal unless mixed with other toxins , and then only in the correct dosage .
but why would this room carry traces of that particular scent ?
the same scent she had noticed earlier .
she catches scent of bouvel millipedes , processed for their sweet , slightly smoky meat , and blood ants , their honeyed bellies an off - world aphrodisiac , a cocktail of aromas that makes her dizzy , slightly disorientated .
he has no tells , no scent , no thought permutations .
just as quickly the scent is gone and my would - be assassins are spreading into the room , moving quickly to circle my nest .
she knows lady hegira and lady crystas have been here most recently , the room is literally pregnant with the scent of mothers little harlots .
but not fully mechanicalthere had been the scent of something bioavailable , something living .
i had forgotten that it was in fact quite close to the scent of a cyborg .
using the moon and the scent to navigate , despite my lack of coordinates , i was confident that i was inching towards my goal .
one of them would be halfway through a sentence and thunder would put in her two scents worth .
the sign above the door said stones and shapes and he caught the scent of ... clay ?
she walked fast , like she wanted to shake him off her scent .
the diesel scent seemed to be getting stronger as the man approached .
if a minion catches your scent , hell come running .
drew never had the herd scent .
it probably would have picked up my scent if i had nt dowsed all of my gear with the urine from a cat in heat .
according to my reference books , piss from a cat in estrus was one of the best scents to mask mine .
i read one of your papers , you know the one about the scent cones actually being little hats , very interesting . ''
it was old , heavy and carried the scent of sewerage under the spiciness .
he turned to silence her , and behind maya he spotted the source of the scent .
he could follow it upstream until he caught his own scent .
he caught the scent of blood and gun powder .
after arriving at the train yard he quickly found her scent , as well as that of several men that smelled of oil and gunpowder .
a few hours and many miles later he once more caught a trace of mayas scent .
john slowed his approach when mayas scent grew stronger , gratefully reaching the end of his hunt .
the scent was nt that of a demon .
his sense of smell was slowly managing to overcome the overwhelming scent of blood and dog .
john noted that he could still detect their faint scent from the days before .
as they passed the wreckage of mayas tiny ship , john wondered in passing what became of the beast he slew and why the scent he caught of other humans smelled so familiar .
he crossed his arms and sniffed , the scent seems to go on for a while .
this way , he announced , changing their direction east along his newfound scent .
john led the way mercilessly through the thick underbrush , pushing harder as his own scent waned .
there were too many people , too many smells on the street to be sure , but he thought he caught a whiff of a demons scent .
even their scent was gone .
tara might have been able to do it , but even she would leave her scent behind .
it was definitely her , and there was the scent of the man from the tasmuaronan base ruins , too .
he followed her scent through the door at the end of the garage and down the dark , winding hallways , until he eventually came out into a comparatively bright and busy corridor .
following mayas scent led him to the elevators .
with an inner sigh he decided he would have to stop on every floor in the soaring mountain and search for her scent .
chapter thirty - six ( back to table of contents ) the doors slid open and john immediately caught mayas scent .
the soldiers scent was there too .
john followed the scent and walked down the corridor until he came to a room marked johannes perry .
as soon as she caught the scent of running water , a light exploded in her eyes .
she caught the scent of his brand - new leather gloves , only a moment before he slapped her hard enough to leave her senseless and reeling .
his nostrils flared as he took a big whiff of her scent .
no scents .
no wonder i could nt pick up his scent .
it could sense the fear , its scent getting stronger and stronger as it approached .
` ` this is where i think you 'll pick up the scent .
channelle picked up the scent quickly and followed up a large knoll .
then she caught the scent she had been searching for and took off running .
kitka was afraid and trying to create a larger scent picture .
the perfume had masked the lack of human scent !
i smell sarge before i hear him ; he d been one of the first models designed with a sense of smell , but the only smell he seemed to enjoy was a burning stogie , ( i d been retrofitted with chemical scent detectors during some maintenance on one of my boards- not that i understood why , aside from maybe to increase parts commonality with the newer models and decrease inventory costs ) .
i ca nt be sure if it was the scent of the putrescine or cadaverine in the socks that called to my olfactories so , but i was compelled to lick them clean .
i was close enough to feel the heat of it , close enough to smell the explosives even before the scent of burning overtook it .
the scent of it was strong enough that i could n't tell if it was coming from the right or left side of the street .
generation after generation of cats were so doused in fragrant oil that they internalized it , making it part of their natural scent , and their presence was made known to the nose before it was obvious to the eye .
like fragrant clover , one could wander for hours trying to find the source of the scent , only to give up finding the secluded corner the private feline hid in to get respite from the suns , traffic and curious visitors .
many scents at the laboratory included theirs .
our warrior also scanned those scents when he scanned the scientists table .
i do nt know how powerful their olfactory sensors are , winston said , but that rain should have washed away any scent we might have left behind .
bright shell casings littered the carpet , gunpowder scent scorched the air .
wet globs of green drool were dribbling from gremlins spiny mouth as he stalked closer , the scent sharply acidic to phyres senses .
if they were nt , however , the scent of his wounds would probably draw them in .
the scent of so many other meka was unsettling .
there were still two levels of blueline before the undercity , but under the scent of urine , vomit and stale human flesh , there was the distinct odor of damp , dark , forgotten places .
the range of scents she could single out , but not yet identify , was alarming .
then the scent of something vast .
franklin had adopted the radio handle to throw any federal snoopers off his scent , and on the air he pretended he was based in alabama , where even his most paranoid ramblings would not seem out of place .
the dog obviously smelled the death on their legs and knew not to attack the living whose scent was entirely different , so they let their new canine supporter do his thing since he was certainly no threat to them .
they started off down the trail the way they came with john wilson running point to ward off any zombies who might have come this way by picking up their scent along the path .
the dogs picked up a scent .
day after day , scent marks picked up here and there by the dogs faded and went , then came back , then disappeared .
she took off into the forest , running against the wind , catching the scent of a few deer and some bears off in the distance .
she adjusted her pace and followed him , catching the scent that he was following .
their running came to a slow jog as the scent of the humans overwhelmed nikoles mind .
she rubbed her scent along the trees as she walked by so he could track her later .
he walked down a trail , a smile touching his lips as he caught her scent on every tree .
there was a strong trace of ozone , along with the distinctive scent of burning flesh .
she did have to fend off a small rimar , it came to the lake to drink and picked up seeda 's scent but a few shouts and some well - placed rocks , sent the beast running .
she let it all go and let the warrior 's lustful scent and the beating of the mating drums , take their place .
he still found the mattress a bit too hard and the burning scent sticks in a small brazier were n't the right odor .
they did what sandjar do and when they caught scent of the dead rimar and whiptail , they also found the trio of humans .
andra knew that the rain had made the ground soft and that the wind would carry their scent .
with his leadership intact metal - face lead the scavengers out of the church and into the street , then he stood there sniffing the air then the ground , a faint order filled his nostrils , the scent of fresh meat , humans , and although the trail was cold there was still enough essence to tempt him so lifting his gore covered weapon as a signal to his followers the scavengers began the search for jon-29 and kt-7 .
helplessly they watched as they snaked through the air , like living things sniffing out a scent .
dr . rip t. brash the third was indeed a creature of great intellect , however this assumption would not have been made if reg were a creature capable of the sense of smell , as ordinarily no creature of great intellect would have on their breath the scent of 12 crammington krish fortinis .
essentially , we suffered the immense pain anyone else would upon entering the garbotron atmosphere , without the luxury of having the heinous scent and toxicity instantly killing us .
they were alternating positions and crisscrossing paths to make sure no one missed any scent .
he was worried that the breeze coming through the window would carry his hydrant scent and wake up the dogs .
if anything , this is ploy to throw us off the scent of who s truly behind it , velion replied harshly .
macduff nodded and left the room quickly , excited at having a fresh scent to chase .
we can pick up his scent from there .
some sort of red sardine provided to throw us off the scent ?
the lack of response lengthened until everyone began to question if somehow gabriel had been mistaken about the tracked scents trail .
lost in thought gabriel did nt realize they had already made it back to headquarters until he smelled the familiar scent of dr . foxfire just before his eyes spotted the demure doctor .
somehow , the cat had made its way over the peaks and picked up her scent , followed her .
the wind shifted , stirred from the opposite direction , carrying on it the scent of musty fur and long - dried blood .
the scent of manure hit his nose .
the scent grew more complex : old dust and manure , maybe some of his grandmas potpourri .
* * * the room still smelled vaguely of francines rancid eu de toilette , a scent mark left during tuesday mornings meeting .
i do nt want that to be my father someday ; a scent memory and an insignificant detail .
he crossed over and went on down to the observatory , thinking that he should have a shower before returning to amelie who might sense that he had been with another if he did nt wash away her scent .
if the translation did nt happen tomorrow , it could be as much as another week before the unis picked up martins scent .
its blood - flecked whiskers quivered as it obviously sniffed the air to take in my scent .
had they left an alluring scent trail just by being alien to furya ?
he caught a whiff of a familiar scent .
he did n't know why he had only just picked up the scent but there was no time to dwell on that now .
as she breathed deeply she picked up a scent , blood .
the dogs failed to capture the scent over the smell of paint and turpentine , thanks to what you remembered .
and filled with another scent ; something that took her all the way back to that summer 's day and the smashed greenhouse , and the screaming : the cloying , coppery stench of blood .
here in this scent was something different , something that stood out , some inexplicable gravity that she felt compelled to obey .
the scent was so strong .
still her head was swinging around , and rachel realised suddenly that she was sniffing the air , like a dog trying to pick up a scent .
and i caught her scent a couple of days ago .
any number of things would have thrown his pursuers off his scent .
ah thoat the dogs had his scent an aw but it trailed oaf jist a few miles doon the road .
voices could be heard calling his name , dogs barked for a scent , and fiery beacons jumped - ever closer in the distance as the searchers who held them skipped over the shore .
their beauty and scent drew her , and ignoring the possible consequences , she picked another one .
i m getting the nutmeg scent of their mounts .
now , the scent of burning wood stung his nose and he saw more and more dragons circling overhead .
yen turned away , dry heaving from the scent .
wrinkling his nose in disgust , he looked around in surprise before realizing he was the source of the rancid scent .
the scent of cooked meat filled the air as flesh boiled away , cracking in the heat .
i see , he said , and she could nt tell if shed thrown him off her scent or not .
he was sure he d caught elizas scent , and not very far off .
abattoir never forgets a scent .
abattoir never forgets a scent , the governor had said .
he grimaced at the scent of human blood .
a stench of decay persisted over the biting scent of smoke as they marched .
the scent did not offend masuk noses .
and to spare his nose the scent of burning houses and rotted flesh .
but the can of starter fluid was nearly full , and she sprayed it against the wooden siding , the heavy petroleum scent pushing the scorched aroma from her nostrils .
his nose picked up the scent of something roasting far off .
sharp and fresh , the scent fills the cave .
they ve marked where we are so they can track the scent .
i notice his scent right away .
one wrong scent , one imbalanced secretion , could cause the horny monster to realize he was making love to a potential enemy and send him into a murderous rampage .
he caught the scent again .
it was as if he only ever caught a blurred glimpse or a vague scent .
it is nt important ; i mumbled mine over a din i could nt hear myself through , and shakespeare , for all his grace , was wrong over the scent of a rose , at least as far as the metaphor applies to a woman .
she was bathing in milk and , from the scent , eleven different herbs , spices and unguents that would not cause the milk to curdle .
but they left their scent . ''
the air filled with the scent of metal before he saw the first rivulet .
their scent was all over every curse / miracle that had happened .
the scent was enough to ache the hunger in my stomach .
she hurled the spike against a tree where it shattered into ash , leaving the air tinged with the scent of fire .
the scent of fire wove through the morning light .
the scent was enough to remind me of how hungry i was .
it was so palpable that nella could imagine the smell of infection , could almost convince herself that she smelled a slight sourness , like fruit turning or like the clinging scent where roadkill once died , years before .
i d picked up on her lovely scent once before when i tackled her back in rome .
the wonderful smelling ride lasted another half hour or so and i really must ve been lost in the scent , or something weird , because i did nt look at my gauntlet until we stopped a little outside of the village .
that is why i had to dig this here burrow with many hidden passages and turns , so his tongue can not lick the air directly around us , to taste our scent or to reach us .
i inhaled , hoping to get a hint of their scent .
the scent of livestock was acrid .
just above the smell of pig was the stinging scent of cleaners and disinfectants .
he did nt smell us at the rock , and he s blundering about through the forest trying to pick up our scent .
the aimless snapping and crackling of the bushes changed to a sustained crashing as the dragon came like a hurricane straight toward the spot from which the scent of his enemies was wafted .
it had been a shoulder or front leg that struck conan , and the blind monster rushed on , forgetting the victims whose scent it had been following , in the sudden agony of its death throes .
his pale skin stood out in the crowd , as did his scent .
i shot the dogs out , but more flocked to the scent of fresh , poisoned blood .
its how they throw the general public off their scent .
he did nt however know what to expect inside , so he was considering his options when he caught a clear scent that partially reflected the dna in his tracker .
the pack leader had picked up the girls scent , it was off putting for a while because he could smell her everywhere , eventually he tracked her scent to the backyard .
the pack leader had picked up the girls scent , it was off putting for a while because he could smell her everywhere , eventually he tracked her scent to the backyard .
he eventually tracked the girls scent to a cottage outside the main building .
he continued sniffing and noticed another scent in the cottage , very distinctive .
he walked out to the ground keeper but the scents did nt match .
the pack leader re - entered the cottage and rummaged through all the belongings until he had dna particles from two distinct scents .
chapter 16 the beast the pack leaders team followed the girls scent into the forest .
he did nt know how far behind the girl and her companion his pack were but the scents were strong so he was guessing a day , maybe less .
he was curious about this cave he tracked the scents to .
the pack leader managed to pick up the scents all the way to a car spot in the parking lot .
there was something else there too another scent but there were scents everywhere so for now he was going to dismiss this as nothing .
he and his pack had been on a grand old goose chase , he s not sure yet how the prey had managed it , how they managed to plant all that dna , the false scents that smelt oh so real .
he kept getting jumbled images and the girls scent was everywhere , the remote viewers were sending him in all sorts of directions , making erratic turns causing them to run in circles .
` ` you have been a problem , all in all , despite being a distraction which helped keep johnny off the scent .
a feral scent of earth and trees and wild places .
i was sure it could smell my fear and was afraid that scent would lead it to overcome its fear of fire .
i did n't like the way she zeroed in on whatever scent was carried to her .
she ignored me , slowly standing and moving closer to the corner of the porch the better to take in the interesting scent .
she wanted to find out where that interesting scent led .
her ears flicked back and forth but the wind blew towards us so she could n't get our scent and snowball was no longer moving so the doe did n't see her .
its scent dissipated .
i knew he used personal products without scent so as not to confuse the wolves .
but there was something about his scent that i could n't place , something that informed me that i was near him .
every time she came , she checked for new scents and investigated every corner and crevice .
i saw snowball in all the pictures of wolves on the wall and i smelled buck in the old , polished wood of his desk and wondered how it could have his scent when so many other people had also used it over the years .
not a scent , not anything i could recognize , just something that differentiated buck from every other man on earth .
he was so used to smelling metal and rust and dirt that this new scent came almost as a shock to his senses .
she also crossed her path , thus creating a confusion of four trails to throw off anyone who might try following her scent .
after a quick , final look around , she entered a tight maze of tunnels through the lumber , following a scent trail left for her that led to the i.t.m.a .
their scent is stale like wet dirt .
tark came to , feeling lightheaded , smelling the long - buried scent of rain .
she was able to look past the scent of evaporating sewage and detect the faint smell of desert sage and wet rock .
you could feel the road weariness in them , the sweat and dirt showing on their faces , on their clothes , and in their scent .
it felt as though i was chewing its scent .
they might have heard me and steve talking as we chased you , or they might have picked up the scent of your blood on the ground and followed that .
her scent had vanished .
if they get the scent of a kleenian they go crazy .
henty was further demoralized by the knowledge that , even if she should manage to outpace the dogs , they would still have her scent to follow until she dropped from pure exhaustion and a doberman could tear her throat out without any resistance from her .
her scent is on the trees , and her footprints are on the ground .
what do you mean , her scent ?
i had little need to wonder why the scent of blood was so strong ... alice was bent over one of the natives , her teeth sunk deep into his stomach .
well , somehow , i was able to follow your scent !
i must have memorized violets scent .
the smell of the rotting corpses should have forced me to stop ; i was inhaling the scent , allowing it to fill my nose and mouth with every harsh breath i took .
she could tell from the scent that they had lingered , and they would be back .
her eyes brought her the scent of people .
deeper , more complex ; it told a story , not just delivered a scent .
she remembered their scent , would never forget it , and they would pay .
the tale the scent told him was that they may well move on .
a second later he moved forward and broke into an easy lope , first on the dirt road , then into the trees angling for the highway slightly behind where the scent told him the vehicles had stopped .
following the scent , they soon heard susie 's unmistakable high - pitched giggle .
butif it was a sewer pipe , would nt we be smelling the scent of excrement and whatever chemicals were used to destroy said substance ?
this woman had the same scent .
bolder ones approached so close the scent of desperation became overpowering .
visions of billowing smoke , the scent of ancient pollution , dried planets withering beneath the spreading touch of blades that laid low the hairs , the trees , of countless planets before , their own included , spread through her being .
the smell of the tire re - treading place crept back into the air , and as we both caught the scent , it was as if the world had shifted back into reality and everything that was crappy with it too .
he stayed , and every time he caught the scent of death when mother opened the doors , he was glad he did n't give up in and leave .
his jaw was clenched , and his eyes were blazing , burning with rage his mind was shouting until its ghostly voice was hoarse that he would hunt them down , he would follow their scents , which he could smell strongly on me , until he found them james !
i did not know where i was going , so i followed the scent i remembered so well .
not a hint of his scent remained in the building .
your fur will be so soft and snuggly andcherry cheesecakey , he looked up at rev and grinned when he recognized the scent .
i read somewhere that for dogs , the air rushing by was a symphony of scent .
if that s part of her packs territory , its possible shed recognize scent markings .
would they accept her now that she has human scent all over her ?
not easy for someone who negotiates her way through life using scent and sound .
` ` throws people off his scent , makes them think he 's not as smart as he lets on . ''
one morning , when brucie accompanied her and nadalie to forage for nuts and berries , a ragged , male wolf caught their scent .
with his broad , bulging nose twitching ridiculously , he grunted and snuffled the air , as though he could discern my character from my scent .
a similar scent to what i smelt on miltredic .
i expected to face cainn or shawz next in a protracted awkward standoff when i felt arms thrown around me , and i caught the scent of her body , felt the touch of her hands .
i had tracked orpheus for days across the land , following the signs , dragon skin shed from his back in the wind and also the scent that only some can track .
the scent was like a magnet drawing her even closer .
the scent was unfamiliar .
for now the wind was on his side , hitting him in the back and carrying his scent to them .
the slunks did nt seem to have his scent yet , because they were still moving down river .
both men felt their stomachs growl as the scent of food began to curl towards them from the cook 's fire .
the heavy musk of her scent hovered in the air after she had gone , making amelias salivary glands squirt with bitterness and her nostrils flare .
then those shrimparinos ' super - sized scramblers shuffle their speech so it sullies the scent .
he smelled the scent on the air , and he salivated for it .
he breathed in the scent of blood and battle percolating through the air .
instead , i smell ash searing the wind , the heat - burn scent of sheared aurichrome and pavement .
in annalises home , the scent made sense .
burning leaves carried on the wind , cut faintly by the scent of ashes of thousands .
it triggers the scent of gunpowder , old and ancient ; it brings out the taste of acrylic flash powder , the kind used in more modern firearms .
the scent of him was overpowering .
once she gets cozy with an animals scent , stays with her forever .
scabs cover the scent a little , but it ll heal fully in another twenty minutes and then it wo nt be a problem .
the scent of what ?
moved by tricks of scent and wind .
jordan could smell something sharp and wondered if it was the scent of death .
` ` the added beards for this mission must be throwing evil completely off the scent .
the distinctive scent of alcohol mixed with human waste ; the cloying smell of vomit no amount of water could wash down the clogged drains .
her brow furrowed as she strolled unchallenged through the gardens , tracking him like a scent hound .
it slithered along the wall , its movements erratic as it caught the scent of blood from the remaining injured soldier near samson .
they were buffeted by the scent of age , of objects and knowledge taken from cultures long forgotten .
the scent was replaced by clean , ionized air as the doors fully opened .
the scent of the drasil became stronger as he neared .
you should really market that scent .
a scent of forever death , along with the stench of the living .
the scent that tempted them to travel south .
it seems the canis are having trouble falling upon the scent that they were moments ago tracing .
without putting it , anthony would be able to come across and identify her scent .
should she scratch or rub any site on her skin , the scent emerging from that spot would freely and unrestrainedly seep its way into the limitless air , making it feasible for anything that could smell to hit upon it .
that instant she began scratching and rubbing herself , carrying that out because of the itch and tingle brought about by smearing on busikus lotion , her scent escaped into the dense air and travelled quickly thanks to the swift and hasty movement of the wind , toward where busiku and two eversor men were , and within the lapse of sixty minutes , he had picked up on it .
he followed her scent immediately and saw her wandering her way in the broad forest .
the scent hit him on the spur of the moment , knocking him a step backwards right away and having him stand upright after he had stumbled to keep hold of his balance .
for a long while , busiku stared at these graves , sifting and analyzing the scent that was springing from beneath their dirt .
but whenever she was alone , having put on that scentless lotion of his all over her body so he could not stalk her scent and know her emotions , she was at last free to think over and abhor and condemn about the million things awful and bad that he in reality was .
the scent of the hot black liquid was beyond her ability to describe .
keep her inside for a few days until my scent is lost .
moll caught their scent near a cave on the beach and flew in after them .
the scent of the forest and of dried mud on cracked leather .
we need to get out of here before the dogs pick up our scent .
the rain wo n't mask our scent forever .
no , night time is the worst but thankfully the rain will wash away our scent , make it harder for them to track us .
i d recognise the shape and scent of him anywhere .
i caught tims scent on the wind a couple of minutes ago , a spike of citrus .
the scent in the air is a noxious mix of burnt potatoes , boiled vegetables , and spices so strong they turn my stomach .
i follow the scent of food .
even in the mornings and evenings , with the scent of food infusing the rooms , its still possible to smell the musty history of this place .
the smell around here is a damp tang , and only when i look down a side road do i realise the scent is blood .
they can trace the scent of any living creature and be capable of identifying it , even from an extremely great distance , say nine hundred miles .
to them , each scent for every individual creature is completely distinct .
except when an eversor is famished , it does nt trouble to follow a countless scents of prey that constantly teases its nostrils .
all the while anthony had been in the cell , his scent was being collected and reserved into that bottle of scentless perfume .
but instead of identifying choolwes scent , he identified his own exact scent .
but instead of identifying choolwes scent , he identified his own exact scent .
in addition to that , anthony traced the scent of the army that was coming to free him .
in it , he could make out the scent of charred bodies and burnt trees and furniture and elements that had been devoured by raving flames .
stop the car , trevin , he charged , his chains immovable on ernestos throat , his eyes stayed on the most loveliest woman that his twenty - four years old eyes had ever beheld , his smelling talent resolute on trevin , whose every movement and facial expression he was watching , just by tracing his scent .
struck with frustration and fury , jordan , having stolen a glimpse of him , to learn that he was looking elsewhere , and assuring herself that he could not take note of what she was doing , forgetful that even when he had his eyes elsewhere , he had ability to focus on her motions through his strength to keep track of her scent , took an abrupt look at the gun that he had laid on the dashboard , and made an unexpected move toward it .
his eyes were on the charring eversor , but he was also keeping track of her slightest motion through trailing her scenta sweet - like but sweat - comprised scent .
even her scent herself made known her hidden emotions of apprehension and bewilderment and anxiety .
menacing growls were exchanged , knife - edged teeth laid to view at one another , the scent of the other examined to determine the veiled emotions , so that , if one turned out to be more scared of the other , he would be set upon more positively with certainty of victory .
anthony smelled its immoderate pain right to the very last moment , when he could no longer detect its unmistakable scent .
like steam vanishing up into the air , its scent departed to nevermore return .
he did not lose track of her vexed scent , and in that sense , he saw her in his mind , not through his eyes .
pursuing jordan , whom he had noticed flee through trailing her scent .
eyes narrowed once more , teeth bared and clenched , body shuddering as if from cold , hands hardening into immovable fists , anthony upraised his head and inhaled , searching for jordans scent .
as he ran , the wind blew away his scent , and busiku , who was laboring to his feet in the immense blackness far away , twitching as never - ending pain pestered him , smelled it , and instantly knew to whom it belonged .
then , leaning against a tree , he inquired for his troops , sniffling , and stopped right when he had found their scents .
they were all in motion , running after jordans unmistakable scent .
as he sprinted in the dimness , the scent of his worst rival , anthony , his twin brother , whom he was intent on killing , trickled like a fragrant odor does to a human being , straight into his flaring nostrils .
while busiku spat at the nauseating scent , unexpected visions , tinted with a darkish blue color , streaked in his mind .
he scowled and probed for jordans scent .
following this discovery , hebusikuscudded his way past the trees , trailing the route where jordans scent rose from , and moreover where it was proceeding to .
while jordan tore forward , her scent , carried by the immense wind , wandered on , until it ran into the nostrils of a huge and fierce - looking beast , exactly similar to the five beasts that busiku had seen rip beenzu up into pieces in his foregone vision .
the moment the first beast sniffed jordans scent , it leapt to a halt and swerved in the direction where her scent had arose from .
the moment the first beast sniffed jordans scent , it leapt to a halt and swerved in the direction where her scent had arose from .
before she had even reached the trees , whilst still working her way through the daintly and somewhat intricate rocks , fierce beasts , yes , precisely the ones that had picked up her scent and had followed itseven on them in numberappeared from the very trees she was headed to , capering and speeding their way on the rocks .
anthony gripped jordan tightly and kept an eye on the beast that was chasing him behind by inquiring for its scent , which he came across .
it had recognized anthonys scent , and as such , it was him whom it was pursuing .
while the beast stirred in the airits cutting teeth uncovered and gnawed as anthony glimpsed them through still but narrowed red - blazing eyeshe revolved without notice , faster than the beast was advancing , and then , standing behind jordan and sniffing her scent of unexpected shock and abounding awe , he wrapped his powerful hands on her chest and jumped away from the station of extreme danger with her .
the scent , unexpected and sudden , hit him without warning and steered his eyes and reflection and intellect toward the forest before him .
they came to an instantaneous halt right that moment , and anthony , making use of his endowment , hunted the scents of the other four beasts .
he tracked the scent of the individual and became aware that it wasthe indian woman , who walked towards jordan , her arrow directed at her .
anthony followed the source of the individuals scent , which was the browned man with faint green eyes , who was also the most powerful of the six , based on appearance .
the scent led straight to the dark brown haired indian man , who walked after karl .
meanwhile , calvin and storm gay went after jombo and cladewell , who both had their senses and reason focused on the vigament flower whose scent they were keeping track of .
he then sniffed for his brothers scent , which he detected down south .
taking no note of anthonys scent , busiku turned east and marched there silently , soothing himself that anthonys luck was going to be stripped from him one soon coming day .
anthony , on the other hand , caught busikus scent by accident .
his scent , like heat generated from a strong fire , filled the room and even escaped through the ventilation , where it ran and flowed into busikus nostrils .
resolute and ardent , he proceeded his way , heading in the direction where he had seen anthony , and where he even now kept track of him through inhaling his unmistakable scent .
that must be busikus scent without a doubt , jordan , comfortably ensconced on her white horse , gave voice to , her eyes being kindly and introspective .
while busiku ran past the streaming trees , a strong wind gushed in the direction that he was headed to , wafting forward threads of his hair , which scattered gently , and as he tore past enormous rocks and leapt over them , the very same wind carried off his scent through the wide forest , on to anthony who stood gazing at the diamond river before him , and as soon as the wind had swept him unrestrainedly , he sniffed and identified his brothers scent .
while busiku ran past the streaming trees , a strong wind gushed in the direction that he was headed to , wafting forward threads of his hair , which scattered gently , and as he tore past enormous rocks and leapt over them , the very same wind carried off his scent through the wide forest , on to anthony who stood gazing at the diamond river before him , and as soon as the wind had swept him unrestrainedly , he sniffed and identified his brothers scent .
anthonys scent penetrated its way deep into his lungs , and the more heavy it grew , the more confident he became that he was drawing close to him .
they swam blindly in the water , placing their faith on the movement of his scent to keep track of him .
his scent was slight but overly sharp and without doubt indisputable .
chapter seven : the treaty following his therapy , while he lay down on his bed , with his eyes sealed , though he was not asleep by any means , anthony , with his long chestnut brown hair arranged nicely beside him by jordan , sniffed and hunted for karl or calvins scent .
his scent could not be detected , but calvins , he fell upon it for three mere seconds before it slipped away from his reach , and no matter how hard he tried , he did not come across it again .
even so , upon getting hold of calvins scent , he could not get to produce living images of where he was , no matter how hard he did his best to bring that about .
these leaves , the trees of its kind rarely found , functioned to prevent the scent of anything that they were smeared on from being smelled by any living creature .
a distinctive scent , of an individual who was loping towards him , hit him on the spur of the moment and drew his attention away .
unlike ryan , his scent anthony had not caught until after laying eyes on him .
anthony said , sifting their emotions through inhaling their scent .
i had to throw him off the scent .
snuffling the rocks like a pack of hound dogs on a scent .
sarge guessed that the pilot was trying to estimate where they would be based on where he had picked up the scent of the anti - aircraft gun .
any normal guards would have been pinned by the terror of these guns , and the lurking threat of the esston gunships , which continued , even now to stalk the mountainsides like hungry lions frustrated by a rabbit temptingly close , filling their noses with the scent of food , but hidden and protected in a thorny patch .
that same smell has hung over the city for weeks now ; it is the smell of war , the scent of a weapon that is working hard and breathing heavily .
it carries no scents that i can tell .
your scent is unmistakable .
send others to the remaining sith planets , we will , in case he tries to throw us off the scent .
the dog had sniffed his scent .
the wind was blowing the hostile way and he expected his scent would unleash his enemys fury .
she could smell cod on her breath , salmon oozing from her pores , haddock in her clothes , the smell of sardines on her paws , and the scent of mackeral on things that she touched with her left forepaw .
even now our enemies may be on our scent trail and i do n't want to give them even the slightest advantage over us . ''
he wanted to follow her , to track her scent , but he did nt know how to , or perhaps he did nt really trust himself to become the other part of himself .
he leapt up and loped up along the pier , ran to where she had been and picked up her scent .
as he loped along following her scents a happiness he could have never imagined before this moment was making his steps lighter and relaxed than they had ever been , in his wolf form or his human form .
then her scent simply stopped , as though she had disappeared into thin air .
he sniffed around for her scent .
and he was upwind of her , and there was a musky honesty to his scent - all the fragrant wolf odours about him mingled with the strange human smell , a veritable panorama of smells .
she closed the hatch quickly and leapt across the water to the dock again , and found his scent .
she followed his scent .
with the enemy dead , anthony glanced about and sniffed further and further , paying no heed to the scents of living animals that he stumbled upon and rather looking for the extra ordinaryseversors that is .
anthony was monitoring their advancement by keeping trail of their scent .
it went at a fast pace and promptly , keeping trail of busikus scent behind merely by smelling him .
as busiku observed this , he sniffed for the scent of any living men who were going after him .
the scent of the coming preservers drew closer and closer , making his men cheerless and miserable .
they all tensed , their eyes stayed on the east where the scents were arising from .
all that he had to do was to distinguish its scent and then faithfully trace it .
abraham shuddered , hoping the fire killed whatever scent was left .
fireit will buy us time to get out and cover our scent .
abraham did nt know , but he was pretty sure they were locking in on his scent .
at the entrance to the store , the mechanical doors slid open and they could smell the heavy yeasty - stale scent of the place .
devilclash said , in pain from the scent .
however , the flicker of light and scent of burning wood was easy to draw in biters , which left every sane mane thinking long and hard about it .
however , the amount one would have from her meal was nt large enough to linger a scent .
confirming that his guess was correct , made solely based on her scent he had caught , somehow gave him a strange sense of satisfaction .
there was no noticeable liquid fuel from the underground tanks , but the scent of concentrated fumes hung heavy in the air .
wild animals , even ferocious ones , had a tendency to stay away from saints in small numbers something about their scent was frightening and unnatural so the sum of them was not a surprise .
there s lots of places to hide in the ruins , and if we need to , we can swim out so dogs wo nt be able to track our scents .
this smell was mixed with a distinct scent of fear from jake .
they will remain here in the train while we , dopples and men , lay a false scent .
you 'd think she was trying to hide a midden heap , not attract men with her scent .
i could smell her , the faint animal scent of unwashed woman beneath layers of perfume .
the scent of an earlier meal grew sharper when i rounded the corner and set the child down on the tiled kitchen floor .
` ` that will put the regent off the scent .
he would make sure his scent led them deep into the lower floors .
she walked about three paces in front of him and with a slight breeze blowing toward them he could smell that , despite her haste to see him , shed taken the time to put on some scent that was fairly pleasant .
i was in the alley one moment , surrounded by the reek of garbage , and i noticed something unexpected : the scent of death .
the scent is fading but still noticeable .
the scent of garbage .
several members of each species individually approached and then quietly watched him for hours at a time and poked at him with their noses to get a good whiff of his scent - which usually included old spice deodorant .
also , they were obviously unable to pick up our scent after we jumped aside .
he turned to the girl , who was gazing at him with a scent of the previous concern in her deep black eyes .
as sentient , human - like creatures , we underestimate the power of scent in determining where we direct our human lusts .
not if you know how to keep the scent of it off of you .
tyre shouted , and when the door opened , and i became aware of adams scent , tyre was able to flip me over , wrap one of his arms around my neck , and pin both of my arms behind my back with his other hand .
no scent ?
was her scent on any of the other guys ?
he s probably getting her scent off before he brings her anywhere near the places , because he knows were hitting them .
they told one another apart easily by scent , but of the other species , only the canine lyrans could make such distinctions .
` ` we 're moving the ship to throw coldhand off our scent .
three long , busy days into coldhand 's hunt , as he moved methodically down through the levels , he caught the first scent of his mark .
he smelled of sweat and something else , heavy and sickeningly sweet that she could just make out over the rancid scent of the body .
her scent was salty as a human 's would have been , but mingled with something sweet , like honey or vanilla .
the offshore breezes carried the scent of death and low tide , but the ocean air was cool and refreshing , which made up for the smell .
right away , i was hit with the sharp scent of cigar smoke .
dr . gatling was huddled over a small fire , the small flames licking at the bottom of a metal pot from which the scent came .
that scent they give off is a powerful narcotic .
` ` this stuff is where the scent comes from , '' gatling said , ` ` next to those tubers you nearly ate , it 's the most poisonous thing on the planet . ''
sound , sight , scent they reeled and basked all at once .
the scent of plastic and metal from the elevator shaft was unfamiliar , unrecognizable to it .
on the other side , the scent was much stronger .
it was her scent , the smell of her glands , her death scent .
it was her scent , the smell of her glands , her death scent .
yeah , i think she s smelling the areas that the previous owner of this valley spent time in , finding the scent patches , and trying to figure out the threat .
she smelled the fragrance of death , of prey animals , and the scent of her old rival .
she knew that her rival was dead due to a miasma of scents that lingered from previous carnage .
he was able to hide them from outside view , but the fire would leave a lingering scent that he did not desire to mask .
as they continued further into the forest , they picked up the scent of rotting flesh , which they both found disgusting , yet appealing in a way that made them want to pursue the putrid aroma .
draagh smiled whimsically as he walked , going to retrieve his pipe , but putting it back , wanting his two companions to be able to detect any errant scent without it being masked by the smoke of his beloved herb .
the energy of this world barely keeps them in a state of living existence , but they slowly disintegrate , as you can tell from lt . johnson 's already - changed scent .
however , to his surprise , there was absolutely no scent whatsoever - it smelled as if it had never been used before .
as the group , two dozen in size , rambled down a narrowing path , various team members bounded off to check trees for signs of enemy scent .
his scent is wrong , if that indeed is what your word shifty means .
jennie spent and substantial amount of time scrubbing down in the shower , as she had spent the majority of the day in battle form , and that tended to create a strong scent .
max 's scent was in the corridor , and , dressed only in a plush towel , she opened the portal to see what it was he wanted .
upon doing this , alea suddenly detected the scent of vampires , and backed away , completely alarmed .
running to jennie 's quarters , he kicked her door open and found her room to be empty , which he knew to be true before even entering , as he could n't detect her scent anywhere .
the rotting scent of vampire was everywhere , and sharpening her hearing , she heard the wails and moans of prisoners - all normals - who had been taken to the castle to be perversely used as living food sources .
trying to pinpoint max 's or draagh 's scent , she looked over to see alea wearing the most terrified expression she had ever seen on a person 's face .
johnson found a chamber filled with corpses , and dove into the rotting pile of bodies in an attempt to hide his scent and avoid detection .
` ` no , my boy , and if you can not detect his scent that means he has either fled , done quite a splendid job of hiding himself , or has been killed and eaten .
as lunch hour approached , jennie took a towel and wiped her face and arms in an attempt to remove some of the disagreeable scent that had built up during her intense training .
the scent was of vampire , and even though their stink had permeated the castle , his nose was sophisticated enough to smell distance and velocity .
` ` not to worry , my brothers , '' said the lesser - disfigured commander , ` ` he was vampire , but he has a different scent .
as he raced down yet another hallway , he caught a scent - the scent of lycan youth , and spun around , looking in every direction .
as he raced down yet another hallway , he caught a scent - the scent of lycan youth , and spun around , looking in every direction .
then , he detected the scents of donus and kangor approaching .
returning his gaze to his second in command , he growled , ` ` this room has already been attacked by vampires , so it carries the scent of death .
howls and snarls immediately commenced , all having detected her scent .
the scents of vampires , lycans and , unfortunately , some dead normals littered the air , giving max and jennie ample indication of where to go next .
he had tracked her scent , and waited until she was in a nearby access tunnel from which he snatched her .
the two lycans sprinted to the entrance of the main hall and bounded up stairs to the mezzanine level , where they tracked johnson 's and liliana 's scents , finding them in a corner , a stairwell to his back , with his oversized , dull sword up to the girl 's throat .
it was the scent of finality .
i mean - i just completely lost his scent . ''
it had the tangy metallic scent of blood and something else which she could n't place .
i have afuas scent , nasiir suddenly announced , lifting his head after sniffing in the westward location .
after dark , he was driven outside by the realization that he would have to sleep on sheets that were touched with katrin 's scent .
` ` i think he tried to sell you the notion that i might be the traitor to turn you off the scent . ''
then , following who knew what kind of equivalent of ` ` scent '' on the microscopic scale , they began to follow ; first a few , then many , then the entire growing swarm .
if anything , the use of a settler unit suggested a spacer involvement in the case , an attempt to throw off the scent .
and suddenly it was time to throw devray off the scent , get him less interested in fiyle and more interested in somebody else .
maybe he 's already dead , and the kidnap and ransom business is just a way to throw devray off the scent . ''
i can see now that i was thrown completely off the scent by the commissioner 's cerebroanalysis .
he did smell , but it was a fruity odor that undoubtedly came from the slightly overenthusiastic use of scent .
he is trying to throw us off his scent , now that he has met compor and perhaps guesses he is being traced . ''
` ` how will this throw us off the scent ?
a ghostly charnel - house scent came with it , the smell of old blood and rotting meat .
the scent of urine joined the other smells in the room .
he could smell it now , he realized , and the scent of weakness had triggered something inside him , something that threatened to spin out of control .
an electric trickle of fear still lingered in the human scent , mixed with excitement and wonder .
she carried the anxious scent of a human rejected by its tribe , left to its own devices on the harsh desert .
with angie 's fear scent filling the car , a hunting frenzy threatened to take over his mind .
melissa felt a twitch of hunger at the scent and realized that the reaction was a darkling 's .
melissa just hoped that the scent of the flame - bringer would keep any midnight creatures away from cassie and beth .
he tried to concentrate on the painful task of walking , not the defenseless scent of the two girls behind him .
if they were talking , they might not hear me , and regular human traffic in this building would probably hide my scent from them .
` ` the dog will get our scent , '' susan said .
the two patrolmen and the dog went by the area where i 'd left my surprise , and the dog snuffled the new scent with thorough interest .
i pitched my best hex at the wiring where it connected to a power line and was rewarded with the sudden scent of burned rubber .
as far as i can tell , mouse can follow a scent trail from space .
he had found my scent - or that of the vampires - and was closing in .
or maybe just the scent of new leather , still barely tinged with the harsh aroma of tanning compounds and the gummy scent of dye .
` ` the scent of fresh blood hangs upon you .
sometimes when he 's following a particular scent , he forgets how different we are ... from you , for instance . ''
and up here there 're gophers and rabbits - ` ` tossing her hair back she finished , ` ` it probably caught the scent of game , and now it 's gone wild , having a hell of a good time out there in the woods .
they say a lot of cats brought up here do that , get the scent and go out after it . ''
the air 's thick with the scent of demons , and also with the buzz of magic , which i swiftly tap into .
the demon hordes screech with delight , the scent of human death like a red rag to a bull .
the air around them blurred , there was the sudden scent of mildew and lightless waters , a sighing sound , and as quickly as that , they were simply gone .
` ` i could n't get a scent .
it 's an elusive scent , something that you get as a bonus to other smells , rather than a distinctive smell of its own .
the death scent was mixed all through it , something sharp and unnerving , halfway between burned meat and cheap ammonia - based cleaner .
my staff smoldered with the scent of fresh - burned wood , and the scarlet runes shone in the darkness at the back of the store .
to that i added hairs from a skunk , for scent .
the scent of the lake was one part dead fish , one part algae - coated rock , and one part motor oil .
the demon went by me in a blur of rustling , metallic whispers , carrying the scent of lake water and dried blood .
the scent of her was driving me insane .
already he could smell them , the several scents of the creatures standing or sitting , or , in the case of what appeared to be a raccoon , asleep .
in the past , anyhow , the sight of animals , the scent of money deals with expensive stakes , had done much for him .
he sniffed it , catching the scent of mould .
he should have thought a little more before he put the garden behind his own home : the scent of rotting fish was not something he looked forward to .
it was still night , and he could smell the thick scent of smoke .
it perhaps had found her by the dull i d ping of her luggage carrier , or her scent , or even the color of her olive skin .
hari smelled clean and human , discipline overlying strength , if such things could be transferred by scent -- and why not ?
` ` we 'll try to act like all is normal until tomorrow afternoon , throw the scent off if there is one .
was it following their scent ?
he would n't be able to focus on anything until he knew her scent .
the scent of burning wires was pungent and she hoped the wires were the only thing burning and not their fuel lines .
` ` i prefer to say i ' m admiring your scent , but yeah , i guess you could say i ' m sniffing you and you smell really good . ''
` ` wherever there 's something that can mask our scent . ''
in a few heartbeats , he eliminated all traces of their presence , then sprayed something she assumed would mask their scent from the animals .
but they secrete a scent that if inhaled by another animal screws up their olfactory glands for days .
she paused as she caught an unexpected whiff of caillen 's scent .
the scent of a man who had walked her through hell and had stood by her every step of the way .
it was n't just that his scent was branded into her memory or the way his eyes lit up with that childlike spirit .
suddenly , darling caught the scent that was still on his clothes from the night before .
unforgettable and as individual as the woman who bore it , he knew that scent better than any .
but as zarya 's scent filled his head and she glared at him with high color in her cheeks , he remembered something so much better .
` ` this one should blend well with your natural scent .
the scent of her skin was enough to make him light - headed .
like an old box full of decayed rags , a vegetable rather than animal scent .
he found himself hearing the noises of her breathing , smelling her , the sour body scent , her breath , which was thick and unpleasant ... ...
he sniffed the raw smells of the desert mixed with a distant scent of something burning , and as he stared at the silhouette of the girl next to the building , he suddenly knew for sure .
it took a few moments to pull myself out of my bahamalama - dingdong reverie , but i could tell from his scent that he 'd just come back into the bar from catching a smoke outside .
just before the scent of sandalwood overpowered my nostrils , i detected the human smell of nervous anticipation .
that other scent , the one i could n't identify , seemed to grow stronger as i moved toward the back wall .
it was the scent mark of a predator .
if this was the brood that had infected morgan , they would find my scent comforting - our parasites were closely related , after all .
i could smell cat food and cornelius dander and even the scent of infected rat with its weird hint of family .
no scent of death .
i did n't want my scent to drift ahead of me .
the only scents came from behind me - the pile of feathers and the sleeping peep .
both of my captives had been so unpeeplike - joseph facing the orange late - afternoon sun as if the light did n't faze him , patricia speaking so clearly once she 'd identified my scent .
i wondered how far down the tunnel the scent would travel , if floating molecules of crunchy tuna would tempt the peep cat out into the open .
under the dampness and grease and rat droppings , a strange scent lay , massive and unfamiliar , like a heavy hand on my chest , it was n't the scent of peeps or of the deep earth .
i waited , frozen , letting the scent carry to the peep cat .
the scent of the huge , hidden thing stirred , and a trickle of sweat coursed down my side .
leaving spatters of its scent on the floor , an unmistakable trail for the horde to follow .
on the excellent - smell front , lace 's scent was much more powerful in person .
i nodded , recalling my descent under the exhaust towers , how powerfully the scent of the huge hidden thing had affected me .
we carriers never forget a scent .
i even sprayed the couch with window cleaner , trying to erase her scent .
suddenly my racing mind was halted by the smell of dr . rat 's lair , a scent that had been conspicuously absent the night before : rats .
the last smells of disinfectant had faded ; all that remained was warmish subway air filled with the scent of rats and mold and decay .
then it shifted again , like something winding toward us , and among the false butterflies of lace 's hair i caught another scent , ancient and dire .
and i knew something as thoroughly as my ancestors had known the scents of lions and tigers and bears ... chapter 22 snakes on a stick the next time you go to the doctor , check out the plaques on the wall .
finally , it pulled itself free , retreating back into its tunnel , leaving behind a burned scent of injury and defeat .
but then the spell wavered , and i found myself moving in a circle like a baffled hound trying to pick up a scent trail .
the movie - theater scent of popcorn had sunk into the very foundations , and was now as much a part of the building as its walls and floor .
one thing , more than any other , stuck in my memory of that night - the scent of the black cloth hood they 'd had over my head , over my face .
i smell the faint scent of sizzling skin as he crumples , the shockstick throwing blue sparks .
we have blood all over us , so if there are any in the compound , they 'll catch the scent . ''
even before i let myself in , i smell the scent of a man 's passage , but i do n't expect to find him standing in my flat .
amid all the other smells i detect the faint scent of decomposition .
up and down we climb , avoiding scout droids , mccullough patrols , and , of course , the teras , who will swarm and devour us if they catch our scent .
he is a creature gone feral , having forgotten the scent and direction of home .
they have our scent now , and they want more .
it 's not a scent you forget .
we move through the burning graveyard with the scent of smoke and scorched metal in our nostrils , compounded with a chemical burn that makes breathing difficult .
other sounds capture my attention , and i lie in wait until something gets my scent .
the scent of roasting meat reminds me of the sargasso , so i have to hold my nose in order to force down the charred flesh .
now there 's only wreckage and the scent of dust lingering in the air .
she liked my anger and brutality , the scent of blood that lingered about me .
laser shots slam into the metal , sparking and sizzling ; the scent of hot steel scents the air .
shadows suddenly yawned where there had been none before , and the scent of something midway between a skunk and a barrel of rotting eggs assaulted my nostrils .
i shut the door to the carpenter household behind me , cutting off the scent of hot pizza and the sound of loudly animated children 's voices , raucous after the excitement .
the scent of hellfire grew stronger , and i realized that something had melted its way through the brick wall - a shaft of energy like a giant drill bit .
as if the scent of hellfire were n't enough to give it away .
it took me about a minute and a half , and when i was finished i caught another scent under the brimstone stench and said , ` ` double crap . ''
the air was thick with the scent of dried grain , and when he reached out with his left hand , he felt a wooden wall .
but the stillness , the terrified child ... there was an oddly putrid scent in the air .
something to wash away the trail of our scent .
here , the work turned more gruesome , and they 'd often have to pull out corpses or piles of bones to get what they wanted , gagging at the scent .
a long , sloping trough was to be cut , then covered with oiled and tarred boards to seal in the scent .
they were likely the source of the scents he 'd noticed earlier .
the scent of burned flesh hung in the air .
the scent was terrible , the corpses slashed and ripped into by cremlings and larger carrion beasts , many of which scuttled away from the light .
` ` i was simply curious about the scent .
if hashal or gaz caught scent of what kaladin was planning ... and where is gaz ?
he could n't get her scent out of his head .
jasnah had n't made any faces at the scent .
the tiles were damp from a recent mopping , and jake was afraid the bumbler would n't be able to find the scent .
he 'd just have to hope that oy would hold onto her scent , and that she would keep sending .
oy had turned around , eager to be off on the scent , but now looked back over one shoulder with an expression of unmistakable concern .
oy had no idea why he heard anxiety in his ka - dinh 's voice ; what he saw was the same as before and what he smelled was the same as before : her smell , the scent the boy had asked him to find and follow .
this might have posed him , child that he still very much was , but here the scent and the sense of the others joined walter 's track and mordred went that way , now following roland and his ka - tet rather than the magician 's backtrail .
in the end he simply said , ` ` we 'll cast about a little , the way hounds do when they ' ve lost the scent , and see what we find . ''
` ` what scent has he got ? ''
the bumbler hurried briskly along , bending his head every now and again to dip into the scent but mostly not bothering much .
his nose was strong , and he would find fresher scent than this when the time came to search for it .
all was as it had been , the long , descending stair dimly lit by overhead bulbs , the scent damp and overlaid with mold .
i assumed he was following your scent . ''
this fella will backtrail your scent .
here roland smelled a sweet and husky aroma he knew for the scent of his father 's shaving soap .
the kelp disassembled and analyzed their scents and sweats , each time gaining wisdom on this peculiar frond on the dna vine marked ` ` human . ''
the smell at her launch site office down under was distinctly merman - air swept clean of particulate , saturated with the scent of mold inhibitors and sterile water .
security had kept the demon population at a minimum near the preserve , but with the scent of blood thick on the air and cattle milling about loose dashers were sure to follow .
some of these the kelp crushed reflexively , but when the death scents of the crews mingled with the sea it forced itself to calm and to reason .
the scents talked of fear and death , and to have the whole story the immensity would have to read this human 's tissues bit by bit .
it knew now , by scent and touch , that this was oddie zentz human .
` ` the scent of the sweet cake , '' abimael said .
the scent of the sea , of the dead hylighter , lay heavily beside her like a sleeping lover .
he fired a quick burst and the barest scent of ozone accompanied the snapping of the weapon .
he could smell the peculiar scent of antiquity about it .
` ` you followed my scent , '' mckie said .
a scent , i realized .
i do n't know what to compare his scent to .
the chemical scent was very faint .
i 'd gulped half the water down when a new scent caught my attention , informing me that water was not the only gift .
the biting scent of the sulfurous spring greeted me .
i knew that scent .
the lady 's scent .
a flower - petal pressed for many years between the pages of a book might give off the same distant memory of scent .
i could smell coffee on pearl 's breath , the clean sweat of summer heat , the separate scent of fear .
each time we got to an intersection , i 'd try to pull us toward times square , but the pack kept freaking out about every stray scent , surging off in random directions .
finally he reached the top floor and i caught his scent , nervous and unsure .
a little after eleven - thirty , its scent came and found me .
i remembered it from that first night i 'd gone out to brooklyn , when minerva had led me down the tracks and pushed me into that broken section of tunnel ; the scent made me angry and horny and hungry , all at once .
i half closed my eyes and walked slowly through the station , catching whiffs of perfume and piss , the bright metal tang of disinfectant , the blood - scent of rust everywhere .
but from the tunnel beyond , the other scent was calling .
the fear in the man 's sweat was like the scent of sizzling bacon crawling under your bedroom door in the morning - irresistible .
then he turned to walk briskly away , the scent of fear fading in his wake .
the scent led me to a jagged , gaping hole in the tunnel wall , big enough to walk into , just like the cavity where minerva and i had first kissed .
but its scent left behind a word in my mind ... enemy .
sane or not , the parasite inside them knew the scent of its natural enemy .
the acid scent of angels about to get into a fistfight faded from the air .
that 's the pore of a femoral scent gland .
` ` but anal scent glands are found only among males .
but he suspected the most likely explanation was also the simplest - that the area around the laboratory was some other animal 's territory , it was scent - marked and demarcated and defended , and the raptors were reluctant to enter it .
pie carver on her knees , wailing as johnny heard the village women wail in vietnam all those years ago ( only it does n't seem that long ago , with the last scent of gunsmoke still on the air ) ; she has her arms around the dead man 's neck and david 's head is wagging in a horrible way .
the scent of unbridled energy was everywhere , but maybe that had just been the storm .
oy stretched his head forward on his long neck , sniffed around in a semicircle , picked up jake 's scent , and was off again with roland running after .
roland had had to depend completely on the bumbler 's nose in the dark passages above , and he had been terribly afraid the animal would lose jake 's scent in the running water ... but when he had heard the sound of singing - first gasher , then jake - echoing back through the pipes , he had relaxed a little .
i knew by the scent .
the dark smell of oklahoma crude emerged , the scent that signified dad to some part of her brain and brought to mind the black half - moons that never left his fingernails .
and there was also the distinctive scent of spent cigarettes marinating in water - filled ashtrays .
wafting up from the hidden spaces underneath , she also caught the scent of secret pleasures , along with a lingering fear of getting caught .
she could almost tolerate school now , had kept her cool even in the tulsa mall , and had picked up constanza 's scent every time they 'd lost her on the road .
` ` looks like queen bitch has the scent . ''
jessica smelled her own hair singeing in the veil of sparks , but , like soldering at dess 's house , the scent of combustion only thrilled her .
imagine the scent of stale body odor mixed with mildew , the sound of nails screeching across a chalkboard , the taste of rotten milk , and the flavor of spoiled fruit .
it was the same smell , and that scent had the power to animate the corpses of some of my darkest memories and bring them lurching back into the front of my thoughts .
it would warn the creature should anything attempt to come slipping up his back trail , but it offered me a small advantage : shagnasty would n't be able to get my scent .
animals fled from the naagloshii as they might from the scent of a forest fire .
how could i recognize a scent i 'd never smelled before , you ask ?
he saw henry morrison coursing back and forth on the town hall lawn , looking like a hunting dog searching for scent .
siri walked over and sniffed at a pot , which bore the calm scent of boiling potatoes .
this took away some of the strong scent , for which siri was glad .
she 'd memorized maps , but they had n't prepared her for the sight , sound , scent , and colors of the city on market day .
she did n't want to think about how she smelled - though more than the scent , it was the fear of being robbed that probably kept the others away .
flashes of image , sound , or scent .
the scent of ozone filled the air .
` ` maybe grey cloak the theoretical malvora left a good scent behind . ''
` ` who goes around removing their scent from places ? ''
the air was full of the sewer stench of wounded ghoul and the sharp scent of burning cordite .
jonas had praised him for the work he had done in ritzy , and depape had rolled in it the way a male dog rolls in the scent of a bitch .
like that , he had a scent ... sweat glands , the whole nine hundred microns .
like a hound tracing a scent , i followed it back to its source .
it struck me as i looked around the little room , with its scent of ink and old paper , its scent of leather book binding and burning coals , that i could spend my whole life here happily , and that , in fact , i was living a life now so superior to anything that i 'd ever lived before that i almost wanted to cry .
vitale was watching all of this keenly , and so was i. i could n't detect the poison by any scent in the room , but that meant nothing .
the marquis de carabas was running through the underways as if all the hounds of hell had his scent and were on his trail .
my senses were in such a heightened state from the corona and saving a life that it took me a while to identify the potency of her scent .
the scent on her breath was the odor of procreation .
the scent of love for us is fatal .
he had her scent on him , and found himself in no hurry to wash it off .
he had his certificate , but the death scent made him sneeze .
he thought of getting rid of the device , leaving it on the el or heaving it into the chicago river , to put the hounds off his scent .
he could taste it and smell the iron scent of it .
the wind changed then , and he smelled the ammoniac scent of male cat on the air .
he had hoped to spend more private time with ashley , but with the discovery of the carving , both doctors were like bloodhounds on a scent .
a foul carrion scent flooded their hiding place as a massive snouted head , reptilian , like a crocodile , swung over the lip of a boulder , weaving on a scaled neck ; its nostrils , open wide , snorted the air , searching .
it lowered its head close to the rock floor , searching for scent .
they ' ve caught our scent and are closing in on us .
he had been up here collecting samples from hair traps stationed throughout the remote areas of the park and freshening their foul - smelling scent lures when he found himself in this predicament .
it had taken repeated baths to get the scent off the dog .
with the entire bottle emptied , the concentrated scent immediately swelled out , ripening the air .
` ` i figured the fresh explosion of scent would draw those nearby and keep our grenade - toting friend occupied . ''
with his nose in the air at the scent of frying meat , the dog sauntered toward the door , tail wagging furiously .
with what was on my scent , maybe we 'd better get off this green diamond trail .
` ` we need something to lure this thing off our scent .
joan noticed the faint scent of him , a mix of aftershave and a richer muskiness .
more and more creatures joined the meal , drawn by the scent of blood .
whatever tenuous neutrality had governed the creatures ended with the scent of fresh meat and blood .
then the beasts caught the scent of his blood and all else was forgotten .
the scent of sulfur and burning rock filled the valley .
her scent remained in the cab .
stretching forward to sniff at nate 's pant leg , tor - tor seemed to recognize his scent , and nuzzled him half drunkenly .
` ` he 's caught a scent ... something 's out there . ''
death scent clings to me , like it does to you . ''
she recognized the leaves and the scent of the oily compound .
alerted by the jaguar , manny now recognized an odd scent to the smoke : metallic , bitter , acrid .
` ` no , more of a scent signal , '' kouwe said .
something must have drawn them specifically to the village , maybe another scent trace , something dribbled in the water that guided them to the shabano . ''
as kouwe had explained earlier , ` ` the locusts were drawn specifically here by the scent from the burning ban - ali symbol .
once drawn here , they caught our scent .
` ` the same scent that drew the locusts here in the first place . ''
a soft chuffing sounded as the larger cat took in the scent of this strange little jaguar .
i imagine the compound must act like caiman dung , a scent repellent to the giant cats . ''
the musky scent of its oil was thick in the passage .
jack had mentioned bringing a scent hound along for the hunt , but she never thought it would be burt .
they 're mostly nocturnal hunters , so they have to be able to track prey by scent . ''
but it would have to be a scent that the cat recognized as a food source . ''
if the cat 's scent was in the air , burt should still be wired , pacing the deck , whining .
the dog must have caught jack 's scent and retreated to the truck .
the river breeze would help mask any scent and muffle any telltale noises .
and if jack knew one thing about hounds , it was that they never lost their nose for a good scent .
as it stepped closer yet again its flattened nostrils flared as it took in jack 's scent .
even the cat 's eyes slipped to half - mast , as if taking in his scent .
he took her scent deep into his chest .
kane tilted his nose up to her scent .
acquire that one 's scent .
but he stays focused , picking out the one scent he was told to follow .
he follows that trail now through the air as it hangs like a lighted beacon through the miasma of other scents .
they needed her father 's scent .
kane had already taken a good whiff of her father 's scent , but it never hurt to reinforce it .
all the while , he monitored kane 's progress as he crisscrossed and pursued any evidence of a scent trail through here .
` ` kane found your father 's scent up ahead . ''
the scent of fresh blood must have alerted kane , along with the panicked tread of those bare feet .
wary , she relied on her senses , but heard no whisper of movement , felt no stirring of air across her bare skin , detected no scent of body or breath that was not her own .
the scent of burned flesh still tinged the air .
the scent of the ancient past .
rachel squeezed next to gray , bodies touching , and noted his musky scent before she fished out the key and unlocked the door .
a scent that evoked all manner of stirrings inside him .
the scent of sawdust and shop oil struck him , reminding him of worse days .
the blood scent grows richer .
it refused to let go of the prosthetic leg , ripe with her husband 's scent .
gray had hoped that a residual trace signature might have been left behind , the radiological equivalent of a scent trail .
a step to the right , he caught the radioactive scent again .
but it had not recognized her scent .
fresh paint and smoke also helped mask elizabeth 's scent .
hopefully the scent would send the hunters searching in the wrong direction .
` ` we searched the entire village , even the deserted apartment complex , but when we circled wider , we discovered a scent trail along a back wall , behind the animal facility .
the tigers would have to brave a stiff river crossing to pick up their scent .
the scent of the hunt fired through him .
a new scent .
but this scent carried more than pungent odor .
but as they reached the bend , monk 's keen nose detected another scent under the industrial smells .
with his senses tuned sharp by a trailing edge of nausea , monk caught a scent in the air , familiar , spiced yet musky .
` ` nothing like the scent of burning peat to accompany a nice dram of scotch whiskey . ''
` ` okay , then the first order of business is to reach a phone before the hunters regain the scent of our trail .
crawl through , search for the target 's scent .
when sight fails him , scent fills in , layer upon layer , marking time backward and forward , building a framework of old trails around him .
they are hidden behind a pile of metal , smelling of rust and burrowed through with the scent of scurrying things .
kane knows guns - by scent , sight , and sound , he knows guns .
the prey falls back , the scent of his fear spiking sharper - then it quickly fades , snuffing out again .
by scent , by sound , by sight .
beyond his hiding place , the night around him is a complex weave of scent trails , echoing sounds , and movement .
kane tracks the newcomers as they cut through old scent trails , even his own , creating a new one , stinking of man .
` ` once at the trucks , kane must have tracked me down , keeping hidden , closing in on my scent . ''
tucker 's dog squirmed forward , sniffing , wanting to get the scent of the newest addition to their pack .
after seeing how the handler and his dog had operated back in boosaaso , how the shepherd had tracked seichan 's blood trail through the myriad scents and smells of the city , gray wondered if it would n't be better to simply drop the pair into the mountains , let them hunt amanda down by themselves , and radio back her location .
he has been given a scent , trapped in a wad of cloth , smelling of sweat , and salt , and oil , and a feminine musk .
he points his nose to the scent and voices his success - not the howl of wildness buried in his bones .
he breathes in his satisfaction and lowers to his haunches ; only now do his eyes fill in the spaces left bare by scent and sound .
` ` kane found amanda 's scent at the cabin .
` ` tucker 's dog confirmed amanda 's scent before all hell broke loose . ''
his team had already spent an hour at the airport , tracking all the exits and baggage areas , checking to see if kane could pick up her scent .
he hunts each scent , drawing in its heady , foul richness .
` ` he 's found amanda 's scent there , '' tucker said .
he had found amanda 's scent .
maybe it had faded away with everyone bustling in and out of the office , or maybe he 'd just become desensitized to the scent .
gray had seen that particular pose a few times before , when the dog had found the source of a scent .
the scent threatened to cast her deeper into the past if she let it .
howling rose like steam out of the dark woods , growing steadily louder , drawn by the scent of blood and meat .
behind them , they left curious civilians and the scent of overheated bearings .
all while the smell of thousands of people packed into too small a space competed with the scent of heavily spiced vat - grown meat being hawked from carts rolling down the corridor .
he wondered how many people in the crowd knew what that scent was .
small electric cars whizzed down the streets , trailing a high - pitched whine and the scent of ozone .
holden could smell the cheese - and - pepperoni smell of good pizza over the top of ganymede 's ever - present odor of ice and the scent of his own sweat .
the smell of small bodies burning had fouled the air for days , and the scent was exactly like that of the cauterizing drill their abductors were using on the injured pinkwater man .
the subtle and powerful scent nami had given off when they 'd first brought her home had faded , but a faint trace of it was still there .
miller 's head lifted like a dog catching an unfamiliar scent on the wind .
` ` besides noise , scent is a strong trigger , especially blood .
the scent of yesterday 's roasted peppers started smelling almost good .
the last of the scent quickly faded behind them , replaced by the jungle 's sour dirt stink .
a graveyard scent .
the scent of the muck was getting richer and more pungent as whatever organic structures it had held broke down .
she only experienced his scent as an almost pleasant funk , like a wet dog .
the cart shifted one way and then another , hunting for the last , fading traces of holden 's electrical scent before giving up and stopping .
but it 's either changed now , been lost , or become such an integral part of him that he can no longer detect the scent , which , when he could , always carried him back to those first days .
-the scent of masgouf roasting nearby .
ethan caught the scent of rot in the vicinity , and it took him only a moment to spot the origin .
halfway across deering meadow , he caught the scent of cigarette smoke riding on the breeze .
it was strange - he 'd witnessed abbies following scent trails before .
perhaps he 'd shed his scent trail , or at least enough of it to throw them off .
he stared at the back of theresa 's left leg as the scent of woodsmoke crept in from the living room under the door .
by scent ?
the full scent of the grove might actually provide enough limited satisfaction to help distract her from the raging hunger .
` ` the scent was intoxicating .
` ` now that the whisper hound has your scent , escape is out of the question , '' torina said , closing the door .
once the hound has your scent , you ca n't fool it . ''
torina had talked as though the creature used scent to identify targets , so if the duplicate smelled just like kendra , the hound should be satisfied .
kendra 's scent would never leave the house .
of course , there might still be trouble if the hound could somehow sense her scent outside .
we 're fortunate it failed to catch our scent or hear us .
not unlike the scent i ' m picking up at the moment .
something odd about the scent , uncommon , hard to place .
he carries the scent of another age . ''
had they caught his scent ?
do n't forget the scent .
before climbing to her current perch she had crisscrossed the area touching the boles of several other trees , in case an imp tried to track her scent .
the scent of smoke was powerful .
the scents of a plateau run were the scents of a great stillness : baked stone , dried crem , long - traveled winds .
kaladin arrived to the familiar scent of rock 's stew , though hobber - sitting on a tall stump the men had fashioned for him , a blanket across his grey , useless legs - was doing the serving .
the scent of sweat , of cheap drink , and of crem that had not been cleaned off the streets .
he had no idea how close it was , but it had their scent .
wires and clamps dangled from the shattered wall panels and cress could smell smoke and the bitter scent of burned plastic .
when i have to pass through those places , i leave a trail of bloody footprints for the rest of the day , and then i worry that the queen 's soldiers will follow the scent and eat me up while i ' m sleeping .
the scent of unwashed bodies punched me in the nose .
i could give you a few rations and supplies , but you would n't make it out there two days before a rover tracked you down or a pack of dogs caught your scent . ''
in the seventeen years since that bloody night , my mother 's face , her scent had blurred and disappeared from my memory .
i could n't see anything and the air was clogged with dust and the cold , grey scent of clay .
their scent clings to you . ''
the scent of brimstone and blood filled my nostrils as the scent memory of my last meeting with general astyanax bullied its way in my brain .
a strong scent of rotting licorice as the gray cap pushed past him .
a sharp , smoky scent .
sintra 's scent was still on him .
bliss throwing him off the scent .
i 'd rather be underground , off on the scent of some new mystery . }
but now he was sitting there , waiting for my answer and sweating , the sweet young scent of him filling my apartment .
reading our scent .
we could already hear it sniffing our scent from the other roof .
the scent of the flowers drove out the scent of death .
the bastards had realized i could only detect them by their glowing eyes , so they had closed them and used their fine hearing and scent to track me .
the sudden disappearance of my scent confused them and it seemed also to infuriate them .
several of the mares followed my scent down the gorge , then back , moving slowly and trying to sniff out the place where i 'd turned aside and slipped away .
there were some signs of a hasty departure , but the abandoning of the city had happened some time back , so my companion and i could n't pick up any hint of a scent that might have told us which way the ulgos had gone .
' because the hounds would pick up our scent .
inevitably , some sharp - nosed hound picked up our scent .
they 're scavengers , and they 'd probably caught scent of my deer .
the breeze was a bit erratic , but i was fairly sure it would n't carry my scent to their horses .
one has caught his scent several times , though one has not seen him .
' his scent tells one that he is dangerous , however .
she 's caught its scent a few times , and she 'd probably recognize the smell of a bear , would n't she ? '
gart sniffed at the air and caught the faint scent of the land .
' her scent is more familiar to you . '
' one notes that her scent is not unpleasant , ' the wolf said to garion .
he paused in the bushes beside the road and carefully peered out , his ears alert and his nose searching for the scent of anyone in the vicinity .
the voice was downwind of him , and the soldier 's scent had not reached his nostrils .
they ran along for about another hour before garion 's nostrils caught the scent of a horse and rider coming from somewhere ahead .
although he was certain that the elephants could easily catch his scent , he reasoned that beasts so large would pay little attention to a predator who posed no real threat to them .
as garion stood in the bow of atesca 's ship , he caught a scent that was hauntingly familiar .
` ` you have the scent of the man - things about you , '' she accused .
` ` i can smell your scent on her . ''
if she 's hungry and picks up our scent or the scent of the horses , she 'll tear these woods apart looking for us .
if she 's hungry and picks up our scent or the scent of the horses , she 'll tear these woods apart looking for us .
` ` be sure that it 's something that has your scent on it .
there was something elusive yet strangely compelling about that scent .
if the scent gives me an advantage , i ' m certainly going to use it . ''
the normal reaction of a horse to the presence or even the scent of a wolf would have been blind panic , but the stallion returned the blue wolf 's gaze calmly , with not even so much as a hint of a tremor .
besides , it has to be on the ground to follow the scent of the one it 's trying to catch .
` ` the seeker probably has your scent by now , berit .
` ` it can do that at night as well as in the daylight , sparhawk , '' bevier said dubiously , ` ` and it can follow our scent . ''
` ` the seeker should be moving about again by now , but it wo n't be able to follow our scent if it 's been washed out by rain . ''
the seeker knows almost exactly where we are , and our scent will lead it right to us .
perhaps it was the scent of the oil , but the place had a peculiar odour of sanctity - and of safety - about it .
it 'll erase that scent the servants of the vlagh use to deceive your people .
4 they returned to statha the following morning , and the people of the tribe all seemed to view the seasonal malady which had made it impossible for ox to catch even a hint of the strange scent the creatures of the wasteland had used as a gift from dahlaine .
she encountered several deer in that forest , and , more to entertain herself than out of any real interest , she began to move very quietly to see just how close to one of those animals she could get before the creature caught her scent or saw her move .
pushing her sense of revulsion aside , she turned her senses backward in time to the point where she could unleash the overwhelming urge to mate in any living male , and , as was the case in all warm - blooded creatures , that involved a specific scent .
the scent would unleash jalkan 's lust most certainly , but it should also drive omago into raw violence , and that would immediately eliminate ashad 's second invasion .
it was rumored over the next decades that the vlagh sent many of its servants into the lands of the tribe , but few if any of its servants returned , for longbow had become one with the forest , and the creatures of the wasteland could neither see nor hear him , nor could they even catch his scent as death sprang upon them from his bow .
his scent on the air would announce him to the hooded serpent who was his queen .
and then ce'nedra caught the faintest scent of dust and dry , sunparched grass .
but once more that faint scent died , and with it the breath of air that had carried it .
we might be able to hide our scent if we can get into a big enough patch of water . ''
` ` it stinks bad enough to hide our scent from almost anything , '' he said .
they have the ability to reason , so they wo n't be relying on scent alone . ''
the baying of the hounds trapped in the swamp faded behind them , taking on a baffled , frustrated note as the thunderous deluge obliterated all scents from the swamp and the forest .
he felt belgarath 's shoulder brush him and he followed the old wolf , guided now by scent alone in the utter blackness .
the colt , who had been sleeping in a back stall , nickered softly as he caught garion 's scent , and garion and durnik went back to where the small animal stood .
` ` besides , they ' ve got our scent now .
` ` they 're hungry , polgara , '' he told her , ` ` and they have our scent .
the horses , plodding along at the rear , had also caught the scent of fresh air , and their pace quickened .
there was a particular scent about her that he could have found in a dark room .
as the figure passed him , garion briefly caught the scent of stale , musty clothing and rank sweat .
it snowed again the following day , but by noon garion caught a scent other than that faintly dusty odor snow always seemed to have .
i caught the strong , bitter scent of ale as its foam sloshed over the top of my mug and wondered if pix expected me to drink it .
by then i could smell the pungent scent of something exotic and indefinable .
i was back there again , with mr . o'gallegh ... his throat and chest torn open , the scent of blood everywhere , the burning red eyes of the vampire mocking me as i froze ... ...
the pungent scent of blood filled my nose .
a soft puff of air escaped from the coverings , and i caught the faintest whiff of my mother 's scent .
he smelled ... it was the scent of age and evil .
one of them , a black mongrel bitch with long yellow eyes , caught a scent of the chicken .
you should have seen them run when they caught a scent of nymeria . ''
their eyes found lannister , or perhaps they caught his scent .
ser gregor 's huge stallion trumpeted as he caught her scent .
the dawn was full of shouts and screams and heavy with the scent of blood , and the world had turned to chaos .
that inn was full o ' them , and i saw them take the scent .
the scent of blood or the scent of gold , they smell the same in the end .
the scent of blood or the scent of gold , they smell the same in the end .
his horse moved closer , caught the rank scent of blood , and galloped away .
the animals were restless in their stalls , whickering and snorting at the scent of blood .
when bass the kennelmaster had tried to get them to take the scent from the severed hand , they had gone wild , yowling and barking , fighting to get away .
the scent of the direwolves sent horses into a frenzy of fear if they were not accustomed to it , but they 'd quiet soon enough once summer was gone .
` ` frey only takes the field when the scent of victory is in the air , and all he smells now is ruin .
when the animal caught the scent of death , he screamed and reared , rolling his eyes .
i saw him tear one man 's arm from his shoulder , and their horses went mad at the scent of him .
like as not , they ' ve caught the scent o ' prey . ''
the scent of squirrel made him remember the taste of hot blood and the way the bones would crack between his teeth .
he could smell his brother too , a familiar scent , strong and earthy , his scent as black as his coat .
when the beast padded forward and sniffed at the captive knight , every man in that hall could smell the scent of fear .
bounding across the still water at the foot of the old white one , he caught the scent of a stranger , the man - smell well mixed with leather and earth and iron .
grenn 's mount shied at the scent of him ; even now , after more than a year , the horses were uneasy in the presence of the direwolf .
the scent was strong ; his brother had smelled his rage .
ghost , do you have a scent ? ''
he thought he could smell smoke , though perhaps it was just the scent of his nerves fraying .
he caught the shaggy black scent of his brother 's coat and the sharp coppery tang of blood from the squirrel he 'd killed .
the voice he did not hear , the scent without a smell .
they smelled it too ; the scent of foes and fear .
once under the trees , the stony ground and fallen leaves made the trail harder to see , but by then farlen 's red bitch had the scent .
it was there the dogs lost the scent .
` ` running water do n't hold no scents , m'lord . ''
ghost raced ahead at first scent of them .
his brothers were out there somewhere , and his sister , but he had lost their scent .
they saw one dog worrying at a corpse , but he ran when he caught the scents of the direwolves ; the rest had been slain in the kennels .
if the hunters brought dogs , that might throw them off the scent , she hoped .
when hot pie 's horse caught the scent , he shied and bolted .
` ` he smelled the scent on the summer air ! ''
ghost kept close to jon , but the scent of him went before them like a herald , and soon there were wildling dogs all around them , growling and barking .
the scent of prey woke the hunger in him .
the scent pulled him onward , ever faster .
only the scent of the great grey direwolf could send the hounds into such a frenzy of baying and barking .
ghost departed along the way , melting into the forest at the scent of prey .
he smells the blood , she thought , through stone walls and wooden doors , through night and rain , he still knows the scent of death and ruin .
` ` what matters is , we have the scent now .
the scent of blood is all it takes to wake him .
` ` the dogs caught the scent .
the smell of rotten apples and wet leaves almost drowned the scent of man , but it was there .
but the horse must have caught a whiff of the wight 's queer cold scent .
stranger tossed his head impatiently , his nostrils flaring at the scent of blood .
the scent was faint beneath the other smells , beneath moss and mud and water , and the stench of rotting reeds and rotting men .
the scent was stronger now .
only the scent mattered .
the scent reminded him of mikken 's forge , of the way iron smelled when red - hot ; the scent was smoke and blood .
the scent reminded him of mikken 's forge , of the way iron smelled when red - hot ; the scent was smoke and blood .
warm yellow light shone through the diamond - shaped panes of the inn 's windows , and brienne heard a stallion trumpet at the scent of her mare .
the scent was unfamiliar , and she put it down to some queer incense , but as she got deeper into the temple , they seemed to smell of snow and pine needles and hot stew .
` ` a scent , you say ? ''
` ` he has the scent to guide him , '' the kindly man explained , ` ` and the air is warmer where a candle burns . ''
` ` his hounds picked up their scent again north of hag 's mire , '' the older woman told him .
she could remember the smells best of all : trees and earth , her pack brothers , the scents of horse and deer and man , each different from the others , and the sharp acrid tang of fear , always the same .
they had caught the scent as well .
when he trotted toward the scent , hodor lumbered after him at once .
the scent was strong .
he lost the scent , found it , then lost it again .
soon enough the scent of blood was back , but now there were other smells : piss and dead skins , bird shit , feathers , and wolf , wolf , wolf .
but white harbor 's scent was sharp and salty , and a little fishy too .
` ` by now the lion surely has the dragon 's scent , '' said one of the coles , ` ` but cersei 's attentions will be fixed upon meereen and this other queen .
he must have stayed downwind , so the wolf would not catch his scent . ''
` ` ghost would have their scent if they were still out there . ''
the dogs were on him before he could puzzle out which , drawn to his scent .
once , when my second wife was still alive , he was caught stealing scent from her bedchamber .
he could smell horse 's unwashed breeches , the sweet scent satin combed into his beard , the rank sharp smell of fear , the giant 's overpowering musk .
she could find the kitchens by their smell , tell men from women by their scents .
she knew each inn and tavern by its scent .
the auctioneer had the scent , though , and nothing would do but that the dwarfs give the crowd a taste of their show .
the scent of it set the horses to screaming .
the falling snow had masked the boar 's scent , but now the white wolf had the smell .
the noise will bring them , the shouts and screams , the scent of blood .
the tang of preserving fluid , and the dangerous sweet scent of flesh near rotting , rose from the canvas and filled the air .
at the scent of fish , the arabian blew out its breath , snorting softly .
his scent smothered her .
the scent of blood and fear dizzied marie - josephe .
her blood filled the water , mixing with the predator 's musky pungent scent .
once more , it was so much bigger than a dream that he puts his hands to his face to see if the scent of gudmund 's body is still there .
on we go , on we go , up hills , grabbing onto plants sometimes to pull myself up , and down hills , holding on to rocks to keep my balance now and then , the scent keeping well clear of anywhere easy it might be to walk , like the flatter parts down by the road or riverbank , and i ' m coughing and sometimes stumbling and as the sun starts to show itself there comes a time when i ca n't , when i just ca n't , when my legs crumple beneath me and i have to sit down .
the scent carries like it did before , avoiding the road , avoiding any buildings we might see at a distance , but always onward , always towards haven , only aaron knows why .
aaron 's scent moves closer to the road but i ' m feeling so poor i do n't even look up when i hear distant noise now and then .
it takes a little while , a horrible little while , for manchee to find the scent again once we 're back in the woods but then he barks , ` ` this way , '' and we 're off again .
we make our way down , too slow , too slow , the scent taking us close to the road and towards the bridge , a high rickety one with rails .
the growl crescendoed as she stepped into the clearing , black eyes staring at glass , head low to the ground as she processed the foreign scent , a scent now mingling with that of her cubs .
the growl crescendoed as she stepped into the clearing , black eyes staring at glass , head low to the ground as she processed the foreign scent , a scent now mingling with that of her cubs .
in fact it was the scent of the bear that had made the pinto skittish .
at twenty yards , the wind shifted and the four animals on the carcass caught scent of the smoke .
i took off at full speed following the scent of my beloved .
i had lost her scent many miles ago but had kept running hoping to find it again .
when it is mixed with fear and pain it changes to an extremely unique scent that excites and pleases the wolves similar to what catnip does to cats .
if i had just a tad of my magic i could alter my scent just enough to keep them off my trail .
i found myself enjoying her scent more than i have in the past .
i took in a deep breath expecting to find the scent of a lie , but there was no hint of deception .
the moment he shared his blood with me the scent of my new body will automatically change .
i hated wolf and their scent not to mention that their beast tended to rub my spirit wrong .
i smelled my own scent hit me at the same time as i heard joel roar in anger .
i recognized alpha glen from nevada not only from his words but from his scent and voice as well .
i can tell they are other alphas by their scent too .
i just had to pray the doc was right because without the scent i had no chance of getting and keeping the attention of so many male wolves .
i could see them sniffing in my scent a visibly becoming aroused .
i could tell by his scent he was pack .
not wanting him to get a whiff of my scent i double checked the wind patterns .
no self - respecting vampire or werewolf would ever allow themselves to stink so heavily of an artificial scent .
i was assaulted by the scent of fresh blood .
first it was her damn scent .
triston knew he was almost there because he could smell the girls scent .
the girl had a distinct scent that he had no problem remembering .
with as many men as she has following her very scent , she could have an army twice the size of mine to help , king yaspa looked annoyed .
we caught his scent just at the edge of the woods behind the house .
i caught zanderss scent a few blocks away .
with every person who walked by their scent sent me in a frenzy inside .
there s a strong scent of stale coffee although neither of us have a drink .
her reddish pelt had blended in with the burnt landscape and her scent had been hidden by the dark trees fragrance .
the forest dried to a husk , a wisp of vegetation , and the scent of distant fires hung sharper and sharper in the air each day .
smoke was beginning to cloud the sky , and the thick scent of the fire was getting stronger as it moved closer to the clearing .
his head ached , and the scent of the fire was wrapped like a smothering haze around his face .
we tracked seilo as far as the old oak , but lost the scent .
you all must have run to your limits to catch the scent at all .
the unasked questions that flitted through the air among the group of does like tiny ghosts were cut off and forgotten as the scent hit them .
it was a scent they knew all too well , and caused them to recoil in terror as the three deer passed by .
it carries the scent of the predator , terror .
but i did not catch any scent of him as i was scouting the fields .
very sorry , i did nt recognize his scent as it had always been smothered by the tang of ash .
he put the sound and scent together , trying to pinpoint the tiny creature in the sea of sweeping grass .
the small scratching sound was deafening to his ears , and his heart began to race as the scent of rabbit grew stronger .
they allowed him to take with him a share of their wariness and clarity , gifts they had honed in their blindness , which allowed him to scent , hear , and feel the approach of a predator .
in the redoubt main , the deer carcass had been stripped clean of flesh , and the scent of blood had risen up from the torn hide and gleaming bones .
the air was chill and thin , and she detected a trace of frost in its scent .
but the moment they caught scent of her , they scattered .
the herd of deer scattered , filling the air with the scent of their fear and pounding the ground with their fleeing hooves .
the scent of fear was sour among them .
alanki could taste the scent on her tongue , and she knew exactly what it waswolf , fear , andblood .
her victim thrashed beneath her like a rabbit , and alanki soaked up the scent of the wolfs fear , her heart racing with savage pleasure of bloodlust .
the scent of his rage burned in the air like smoke .
she began pounding the plants into a poultice , spicy - scented juices staining the herb - boulder dark ( tir wrinkled his nose at the scent ) .
tir caught the scent of rabbit almost every time he shoved his way through a patch of undergrowth , and seilo even fell into a rabbit hole .
she did not wonder why they had torn away , so terrified and panickedshe had already caught the scent that they feared , and she did not hesitate .
the scent of badger was long ingrained into the stone and soil , and it would mask her own scent from the packwolvesit would not do for her to be killed in her sleep .
the scent of badger was long ingrained into the stone and soil , and it would mask her own scent from the packwolvesit would not do for her to be killed in her sleep .
they dashed through the dark forest , stopping every now and then to sniff the ground for a trace of her scent .
the pack would be able to catch her scent on their bark and follow her trail .
her scent is gonebut she s been here , i know she has .
her scent is strong on this boulder , right here !
something flared in their eyesthe exact same instinctive light that alanki had seen flashing in the eyes of delphinium and redshank just a few days ago , when they had caught a scent that frightened them .
she had caught a scent on a weak breeze blowing towards her , a scent she had not noticed a few moments before .
she had caught a scent on a weak breeze blowing towards her , a scent she had not noticed a few moments before .
it was a scent that caused the fur along her back to bristle and sent prickles running up and down her spine .
we caught a weird scent .
i mean , a really weird scentwe had nt noticed it before , i mean , the air was all full of the scent of fear and blood and things of that sort .
but it was the scent of a whole pack of wolves !
by her lingering scent , simetra had just left .
my scent was in the undergrowth and the blood filled my tracks in the dirt .
that should eliminate the scent .
it lifted its head in the air as though it was searching for a scent .
because they were so close to the walkers , the smell of the horde drowned out their scent , they were perfectly hidden .
that way you d have the sulfuric a - blood scent on you so the vemreaux monitoring us would nt catch on you were weird and did nt smell like a normal wayward .
the familiar scent of scratch that blue brought into the hut was replaced with urine - soaked air .
that should give you enough a - blood scent to last you the day once you wash the scratch stink off of you .
the enormous facility loomed ahead , reminding baird of a thousand things all at once as the scent of processed scratch hit him .
blue had her back to him , but she could smell her brothers scent on the air .
he kept expecting to have to breathe through his mouth around blue , but found that he could stomach the scent of a - blood coming from her .
not as strong as a normal wayward , granted , but he s still got the scent , alec wondered .
her eyes rolled involuntarily as she smelled his scent beneath the smoke that was laced through the soft strands .
the scent from elle and grettel had faded .
even the scent of those fine cakes ca nt fight back your stink , witch , thomas said .
she also felt calmer in his embrace ; the warmth of jacks body soothed ariadne , who was nt able to bear the coldness of the cave anymore , and his scent , though faint , still helped her fight the sickness caused by the cadaverous odor .
they will be at our heels the whole way now that they have our scent and their master has his eyes on you .
the scent of dirty water and weeds clung to her .
deciding it was a rather useful distraction to avoid the angrier man behind me , i backed away suddenly and blinked to force myself to forget the scent .
his scent was edged into my mind like a tattooeven if i avoided him .
the unmistakable scent of water was everywhere .
half a league south there is a path with a faint scent of human about it .
i caught the scent of him on the air .
they say scent is the strongest sense tied to memory and right now i believe them .
the sharp scent reminded her of bleach and some sort of cheap scented cleaner .
she wanted to tell him that she was the freak and that she smelled his scent and sensed his presence too .
i m thankful for the rain , which drowns out most noises and washes away heavier traces of scent .
only one door stands open at the head of the stairs , and the blood leads me there anyway , but there is a stronger trail , one of decay and rot and a wet animal scent .
as we get closer , passing buildings and apartments and warehouses , my stomach starts to rumble with the scent of food .
she stretches her neck out a bit to get a scent of it but does nt move forward .
i catch the faint scent of new plastic in a narrow closet in the hallway and find a box of new trash bags there .
its surprising , considering what i m working with , but somehow i can tell by scent what needs to be added .
lilas scent trails away from me like a path through the woods .
the scent of death marks my path , and i begin to follow back to where my clothes ( hopefully ) still are , careful not to put my bare feet down on any bone fragments .
all i know is that this animals scent puts me on edge .
in dreams i run alongside lila on all fours , baying at the moon , driven on by the scent of blood .
i m most nervous when i hear the sounds of reckless youths riding atvs through the wilderness trails , or when i smell that faint predatory scent i caught that night of the wild dogs .
winds blow up and wrap that awful dangerous scent around us and then i m running , were running .
the cold makes it hard to pick up the scent .
the other females of the pack are usually able to tell when a girl is about to change for the first time by her scent .
the scent of death .
she wo nt be able to follow my scent through the storm .
zeke would have left a trail of scent that any animal could smell .
the coppery scent of blood thickens the air .
if they were able to track me here , in the middle of nowhere , after my scent would have been erased by a snowstorm , hidden by the odors of two humans , three cows , five goats , ten pigs , a bunch of chickens , and all the subsequent piles of manure , what chance does kayla have ?
i catch at least four or five different scents , one female , the rest male .
the bitter scent of a sudden rush of adrenaline fills my nostrils too much for me to tell if there are any other clues , the scent of blood for example , and it does nt matter if they ve hurt kayla or not .
the scent is strong , and i follow .
the scent is getting harder and harder to follow .
my own scent hangs heavy from last night , a trail back to the whittemores .
following my own scent back through the forest , i try to remember what kayla told me about werewolves .
zeke the fear amplifies his scent , the one i d grown used to over the weeks , the woodsmoke and onions and milk and manure that s engrained in his pores being pushed out through his sweat .
in my dream i am back in the forest , running after the scent of that black wolf .
i try to run faster i m still injured , and it hurts to run faster yet the scent grows weaker and weaker , even as my body grows weaker and its a colossal effort to lift my paws , and the snow seems to be thicker , as high as my chest .
maybe the scent of us two together .
if i can get zeke away from that dogs sound and scent , maybe he will calm down .
i take off my clothes , scowling at the cold air as i stash them behind a tree , and change the scent is clearer now , painfully clear .
i follow the scent .
i stretch , shake off the sleep , then crouch low to the ground while i try to discern the scent .
i turn to continue north , when the prickling becomes less about the smoke than another scent behind it .
the scent of humans is all around , and i can see them , clustered around the smoking wreck that barely resembles a house .
the exhaustion settles over me like an iron blanket , and i lie down in the frosty leaves and fall asleep , the scent of smoke as my blanket .
it has nt snowed since last night , has nt snowed for a week , no chance for the elements to wash away the scent .
suddenly every sound and scent is ten times clearer .
i want to run back the way they came , however they got here , but without a scent to go by , its impossible to know .
i ca nt look for a scent .
trees branch duck jump dodge bush jump faster faster faster their scent grows closer , hot and heavy on my heels .
i pivot on my front legs , whipping around into a crouch , ready in case that black wolf is behind me , somehow tricking me with kaylas voice and scent .
something about their scent is pack .
they did nt have a scent at all until i turned wolf .
tyler shouts a warning from somewhere behind me and then i smell it : the sulfurous brimstone scent of demons closing on us .
it has weight and heft , an almost physical presence , to the point where i think i can see tracers of scent in the gloom .
once they get the scent they 're searching for , nothing on this earth can call them off .
i was in a crowd of people , so it should n't have been able to pick out my scent , although it might have gotten a faint whiff once the chase began .
it depends on what streets i ran throughstrong scents can confuse a sniffer sometimesand how quickly it had been deployed .
in the morning , i 'll get a smudge stick and try to eradicate any lingering scents that might lead them back here .
i ' m not sure what the sniffer might have caught scent of -- me , the book , the messenger 's scent from his bag -- but i ' m not going to risk being unprepared .
i ' m not sure what the sniffer might have caught scent of -- me , the book , the messenger 's scent from his bag -- but i ' m not going to risk being unprepared .
` ` it was to throw you all off the scent in a way . ''
the sidewalks are slick , but the rain is good for one thing : it will be difficult for a sniffer to track scents with all this water .
` ` second , it never got a clear enough scent to be able to properly track me .
dham and trick take off like hounds on the scent , leaping away in an impressive burst of speed .
hesitation struck me , and the scent of food sent me running in its direction .
i could smell the scent of baby mortals and knew were on the delivery floor .
i stepped out and immediately smell the scent of barbecuing meat .
the pack barks in understanding as they run faster and faster picking up the scent of their victims .
getting his bow and arrow ready kol closes his eyes reaching out with all of his senses , with a large sniff of the breeze he picks up the faint scent of his prey not far off .
it 's not the same scent as last time , but he knows what it means .
do you still have her scent ?
the scent was strong here master .
find another scent .
he thought it would be best to stay hidden as much as possible during the day and track the scent at night .
bending to the ground and lifting slowly to all different levels , the mogs inhaled the air trying to catch a scent .
eli thought they had caught the scent again .
once a mog had found the scent nothing was going to stop them .
but it reeks of the scent , the mog said smelling it as the other joined in .
eli turned from them wondering why it did reek of the scent .
eli let the mogs find another scent and hoped this time it led them in the right direction .
light gave way and the mogs found many homes that had the scent .
track another scent .
eli master the scent is strong here , the lighter mane mog said pointing down the road that led to the cabins .
another scent is here .
master , i found the scent !
the scent draws me to it !
but master , the scent starts here , the mog said unfazed by elis tantrum pointed at the steep pitched roofed house .
a mogs scent usually does nt lie .
you both have the scent .
they re all downstairs and dane , as far as i know he spoke the truth and they let him go , deravon said wrinkling his nose up as if catching a scent of something .
there was some scent that i could nt identify but it was pleasant .
their scent was overpowering .
i could smell his scent .
the scent of mold and urine drifted downward .
ivan was nt the guy whose scent i picked up from the other night .
i picked up his scent again last night .
i tried to breathe quieter , and i even made sure the wind was blowing against my face and not my back so that i would not be detected by my scent .
and while you re at it , please make sure you also pack my dreams of him in there , pack his scent that haunts me every night and i think you will need a strong net to catch the sly memories ; they can be heavy at times .
his scent refuses to give me a moment to think .
your mother probably cast a spell to hide your scent and delude others of what you really are .
mother , you have powers to hide my scent , so no one can identify me , right ?
they choose to focus on a different scent .
i always wondered about your scent .
she rushed after him and into the scent of coffee .
stepping behind a wide tree , i carefully peered around to see what the man was going to do about his dog , which had either picked up my scent or heard me tromping through the underbrush .
i bet sharks all the way from australia can pick up the scent from all those fish guts you just dumped .
sharks could ve picked up the scent of his blood from that gash on his leg .
the scent will repel them , coached jack .
my nostrils flare to take in a stronger scent .
so caught up in his scent , i barely hear the word : invisibility .
i record his height and take long deep sniffs of the air he moves through to record his scent .
also , the stable boys had finished their cleaning of the horse 's corrals , consequently adding to , rather than taking away from the clear scent of the evening .
he had heard or seen nothing out of the ordinary ... yet there was an unusual scent in the air .
hal sniffed subtly at the air , trying to determine what was familiar in the creature 's scent .
the mage and hal weaved their way through the crowded city streets , following the scent of the sea .
the wolves scoured the city each day looking for the distinctive old - blood scent trail of vampires .
` ` vampires are easy as hell to track because the scent of a vampire is so distinctive , but that signature scent is so strong that it can be hard sometimes to identify individuals .
` ` vampires are easy as hell to track because the scent of a vampire is so distinctive , but that signature scent is so strong that it can be hard sometimes to identify individuals .
the hotel was a single - story , sprawling structure that was kept clean enough that i was having a hard time picking up scent trails from any of the other shape shifters , so i walked to the front desk and tapped the girl manning it on the shoulder .
i kept the relief washing through me off of my face , and i was pretty sure that i 'd done a decent job stopping it from bleeding over into my scent .
her scent , her pulse , her expression , her voice , they were all perfect .
with the vampires it was relatively easy to track them down due to their distinctive scent .
if not , well , welcome to the war , the bad guys will have your scent assuming we survive the rout . ''
judging by the scents waiting for me on the breeze when i opened the door outside , alison , jasmin and jessica were all already at the pool .
we could n't completely mask our scent , but nobody would think twice if they caught a whiff of james or me around the baskets or along the trail that they were taken between our rooms and the truck .
working from nothing more than memory i managed to bring us to within fifty feet of the spot i 'd picked out , which was good because it meant that we would n't be leaving a scent trail all over the hills .
if she 's careful about her scent trail and she gets one of them to lie and say that he has a passenger , nobody will know for sure which direction she went .
i pushed the corner of the panel where their scent was the strongest and was rewarded with a click as the panel swung open to reveal a safe that had a biometric lock on it .
damn i should have masked my scent !
i m gon na climb the tree and see how much further we have to go and get some ceiling moss supposedly it can hide our scent from the giants .
still , he could nt shake ashtons scent from the room , the many times he d been in here making plans with the witch .
the scent was simply too enticing to pass up .
i started to smell the burning scent of its skin .
36 when we turned the corner onto the street where our mail is delivered , a flashing light and an exceptionally strong scent of fire welcomed us .
i almost want to panic , the scent of stale air and hand sanitizer floating around me .
it seemed to be coming from a scent gland on the belly and coated the fur around the area .
the scent of decaying rats hung heavy in the air .
that , along with the hundreds of thunderous heartbeats and the scent of so much blood , might be the spark that caused me to sink my revenant teeth into someone .
i shook my head , but the scent had my canines threatening to burst forth and my mouth watered .
the pulsing blood in the room was mesmerizing , each scent unique to the other .
when it was filled i picked it up , startled by the strong scent of blood .
mason and i hustled , hiking up and around the abandoned and demolished vehicles and were almost to our destination when i caught a scent .
stopping short of the hedge line because i did n't want to muddy the scent trail , if that was even possible , i asked , ` ` well ? ''
` ` can you pick up his scent , axel ? ''
i know he was here , but this place is loaded with scents from a plethora of humans around his age .
she feels the earth under her feet , and fills her lungs with the bitter scent of burning asphalt and dirt .
he could barely taste that sweet earthiness that he loved over the scent of burnt hamburger clinging to his nostrils .
then i could smell it , the metallic scent of blood .
whatever you do do nt scream because the scent is strong enough to draw attention .
its gonecaught the scent but it took off as soon as it heard us .
if it was nt for the scent of fresh brains wafting from six feet under , i could probably sniff out who it was , but as it is i ve got a one - brain mind .
i hold it up to my mouth and smell that dark meat and rusty copper scent again , the one on reggies breath after he grunted through one or two of them .
his plan to get her mad was working and suddenly his way too good scent was nt enough to stave off her irritation at his questioning .
i drew back to a part of my mind where i had saved his luscious scent .
i m trying not to put my scent on the bird when i set it back in its nest .
the most potent scent was definitely that of the cherry blossom tree , although it was not without competition .
would it be alright if i escort you home and obtain a sample of something with your daughters scent on it ?
anything of your daughters that might have her scent on it .
we give it to our dogs so they can track her scent .
the scent , although diminished by the water , was still strong enough for the boy to pick up .
then officer jettson and bobby set off to follow the scent trail they had picked up .
they sniffed the shirt and went off following the girls scent trail around the yard of the house before branching off .
they followed the scent trail to a tree with green pine needles .
some of the dogs have picked up her scent in the woods by the park .
i heard that one of the dogs caught her scent on a tree .
one of the dogs picked up a scent of the missing girl around in the woods .
a dog picked up the scent of recent blood and the scent of a missing child around your residence .
a dog picked up the scent of recent blood and the scent of a missing child around your residence .
mila could detect the faintest whiff of ozone over the artificial lemon scent of the cleaner .
the smallest scent of blood and they would never let go .
its a bit early , and i am not sure where he s been to gain that scent , but i do nt mind .
it smells like wet metal when i breathe , the scent thick and strong when i move closer to mommy .
i pull the blanket back , dropping mr . snuffle hiccups when the sight of red overwhelms , the scent of wet metal flooding the air .
the thick bitter scent fills my small room , threatening to gag me .
he shuddered at the scent of warm blood beneath his nose , and i could tell he was about to lose it .
the knowledge that after three days , i still carried any scent of that monster made me want to jump into the ocean and scrub it away .
as soon as maxwell had hung up from his call with nikolas , he had organized the pack to scour the town for my scent .
only my scent mattered .
he inhaled the warm , salty scent of straining horse .
the mare did nothing at first , merely sniffed the scent of him , the odor of his fear mixing with the reek of alcohol .
austin took a deep breath , smelling the sweet , sharp scent of firewood .
find her on these social media sites : erins website : http : //www.authorerindanzer.com facebook fan page : http : //www.facebook.com / authorerindanzer twitter : https : //www.twitter.com / erindanzer email erin at erindanzer @ gmail.com the klumps mysteries season one , episodes one through seven episode 1 , murder at the diner episode 2 , the painting episode 3 , the mole episode 4 , the warehouse episode 5 , counting the bodies episode 6 , travis and chester episode 7 , follow the scent by dl cook the klumps mysteries season one .
episode seven follow the scent not knowing what else to do , libby dialed 911 .
after she hung up , libby searched for something of don 's that would bear his scent .
she enjoyed the crisp forest air while waiting for the dogs to catch duey 's scent .
i retreated to the guy 's locker room , unsnapped the dawg head , lifted it off and got hit by the scent of marginally fresher locker room air .
at the scent of the delicious fare , merodach roused , yawned a yawn that sounded exactly like a dragons roar , and stuck his head out of the pup tent .
i caught an old scent of tangy blood coppery , but thin human , i thought .
i had nt realized i missed their voices until they caught my scent and quickly ran away .
i followed the scent until i could see wood smoke in the air .
i paused , lifting my head to try and catch a scent .
sharpened by need , his nose picked out the most important scent of all .
his entire being was focused on following that thread of scent back to its source .
her tears fell , hot and bitter , choking her with the scent of her own grief .
the wildness had an allure to it , a scent of mystery that was enchanting , but somehow made her wary .
the beast had now reached its quarry and drank deeply of the scent , its stubbish snout dragging along the girls body .
it had clearly found a quarry it liked and it followed the scent directly towards the girl .
it would nt have hurt you , ella looked to oisin for reassurance of that fact and he nodded before adding , it got a good scent of you , but that does nt mean it knows who you are .
i m behind you , half way down the mountain , they would catch my scent if i came closer .
they came in two colours apparently , doubtless in an attempt to throw any interested parties off their scent .
the last thing any of us need is to have that pack of bloodhounds on our scent .
one horse was still sniffing , trying to catch any scent , yet there was none as far as he could tell .
several ears went up and the horse that had been still sniffing suddenly got the scent and snorted , before braying out .
finally , he noticed the scent that he had been told to find , the smell of the desert sands and sweet nectar .
she could only defend herself by producing undesirable scent which could poison enemies whenever they smell it .
the scent of food hovering in the hall causes my mouth to water .
the scent that i caught was coming from the pot boiling on the burner .
a mere five steps away , his scent whispered toward me on the cool breeze the earth and the rain combined , and underneath it all a scent that was purely his .
i knew who had grabbed me even before i looked up , for i recognized his scent .
i swore i could smell the scent of death ; it permeated the air , soaked into my clothing and hair .
eyes still closed , he tried to capture the scent in his mind .
he bit his lower lip and wandered back to the life he was trying to return to : his family , his friends , the woods , and everything about amberhill : its air , its people , its scent , even the clanks of the factory .
if the twins had been awake , they would have sensed a perturbing chill in the air the scent of an unwelcome presence that had been and gone , but had left some sign of itself behind , like an unpleasant smell .
outside the fire she could see the shapes moving , faceless shadows peering in at her with a strange , snuffling sound , wet lips and tongues , like dogs on a scent , as if they could smell her .
fearful another wolf had caught the scent of the blood , the dwarf dove under the bed .
you have a unique scent you know .
i just hope they did nt catch your scent .
chase whispered excitedly and started following the scent .
catching the scent of sausages , he gave a quick twitch of his head to look , wondering why his father had risked stealing such luxurious meat .
it would pick up a foreign scent .
` ` the dog ca n't follow our scent up here . ''
major canis , however , began barking ferociously , no doubt recognizing the blood brothers ' scent .
he must have caught a scent , because he steered off course , creeping slowly through thickets of brush .
the pungent scent sharp in the darkness .
percival could nt help but notice the womans scent as she sidled up to him .
but even that scent wo nt get them into water .
there would be no scent of blood to attract the deadly insects to them now , and according to both sir bane and widow blacks testimony , the renders would ignore everything else .
renders usually wo nt bother anything that does nt have the scent of blood on it , he said .
she may have sensed a change in temperature or scent , but did not look in his direction .
the scent of the living had summoned them to feed .
waiting , she closed her eyes and tried to discern the scent , the signal , after a mere few seconds she smiled , yes there was a scent , just as he had said .
waiting , she closed her eyes and tried to discern the scent , the signal , after a mere few seconds she smiled , yes there was a scent , just as he had said .
zilthss had trailed wyreth around like a hound on a scent and stolen everything he killedeven the pitiful little rabbitbefore wyreth could get so much as a bite .
i d know that voice and scent anywhere .
the stench of decay and mold grew strong , the scent tickling our noses .
it drowned out the fear in my heart , and pushed away the scent of death and decay .
his nostrils flared as he inhaled the demon 's putrid scent .
his scent is all over town , but it does not lead anywhere away from shelby .
he s crisscrossed his scent all over the place .
if max catches scent of dan , he will call us here from his cell phone .
wolf scent was everywhere , but it was not dans , jason explained .
as she passed him , she thought that she caught the scent of cloves about him .
she insisted that it was a special flower , the scent of which repelled sharks .
the girl shakes her head , her scent snapping me out of my thoughts .
i shake off the cloudy fog and concentrate on her , ignoring her scent .
i ca nt even follow his scent through the snow .
i almost did nt recognize daniel when i first saw him , except for his scent , but even that was buried beneath layers of road dirt and a foul kind of garbage - sweat smell , like he had nt showered in a long time and had been rooting around in trash cans for food on top of that .
it might mean waking my seatmates but i decide its worth it : i can smell daniels scent from here .
i found no scent or any signs of intrusion .
or , he can follow our scent to the new location .
no scent trail .
follow our scents .
i learned to read maps and followed him , only turning wolf when i caught his scent .
amazingly , i begin to hear mom and aunt jenny bickering about food back at the cabin , and i can smell some kind of meat roasting , and gasolineonce that scent gets in my nose , there s no room to sniff out remys clean smell .
i ve never really had to search for a scent in human form before .
daniels unwashed body odor clung to the ground like oil when there was nt a trail of coppery blood scent to follow .
now , however , i could nt pick remys scent from the mud and snow and leaves at my feet .
i crouch down , try to ferret out his scent again .
and how do you hide your scent ?
gliding down the center aisle of the barn , getting whiffs of leather , blood , shitmoving silently is so much easier in a dreami keep that connection to daniels sleeping mind , until i am overcome with the scent of shit .
i can smell daniel everywhere , his scent on the rugs and in the blood splatter on the wall , but not his presence .
the scent of death hangs heavy in the air .
a stream bubbles about two miles east , and i head in that direction , where there will likely be animals coming to drink and scent trails to follow .
its interesting to feel the presence of the forests smaller creatures without the aid of scent or hearing , like little bubbles of life essence floating in the trees .
maybe that s why he s able to sneak up on us , because were so used to the pack bonds that its strange not to feel his there , and his scent is pack - familiar because of his bloodlines , so we do nt smell him as easily .
the scent of prey consumes us , and our wolf instincts take over .
male , i finally recognize in his scent when i see the huge rack of antlers .
i thought i would recognize their scent afterafter what they did to i ca nt even say it .
the pack might not all have the same scent .
we learn how pushing ourselves through the pack bonds lets us hide our scent ... its tough , and when were really sweaty and disgusting from training , there is nt enough magic in the world to conceal our scent .
we learn how pushing ourselves through the pack bonds lets us hide our scent ... its tough , and when were really sweaty and disgusting from training , there is nt enough magic in the world to conceal our scent .
by his scent i know its ben .
were counting on geos pack not knowing our scent , and we tread lightly so as to leave even less evidence .
well wait as long as we have to ) ( good idea ) ( and hide your scent ) it is nt until i ve found a dried out ditch behind a log that i realize mom and aunt jenny must have heard remy too .
not even their scent gives them away , only my newfound ability to sense the empty spaces .
the scent when he changes is so strong i know that geos wolves can smell it too .
or maybe it was nt a sound , but a scent .
my tracker here knows daniel connors scent .
but there s this other scent ...
no , ben said his tracker had smelled daniels scent on him , i tell them .
and zekes scent on him ... that does nt smell like pack to you ?
then she took her blue cardigan and left the bathroom before the scent of alcohol became too much for her .
he wanted to remember her scent .
there was something , like the faintest whiff of a scent passing through .
the sound that followed them was deafening , their screeching echoed against my ears and the scent of hell filled the air .
i gripped my two katanas in my hand tightly and lifted my chin to the wind , hoping to pick up the scent of sulfur .
and the smells of cheap liquor and vomit helped put them off the scent .
but if they follow our scent , the elevator wo nt hold them for long .
but if there was a strong enough scent to grab their attention , if they were starving or focused on a kill , they could be faster than any normal human being , more cunning than humanly possible .
the soothing sound of magazines clicking into place filled the silence of the interior as the scent of decomposing , rancid flesh began to fill the cab .
our scent caught the attention of more than a few feeders and as soon as they turned to face us , we started shooting .
i followed the scent to bring her back .
` ` the scent is several hours old .
the music , the scent , and the colors led me to another dimension .
i ve been out of the loop for so long though , i ca nt place the scent .
maybe if we talk to every male , ill recognize the scent from tonight , and then well know who stole the volk .
old jess recognizes the scent on this house .
kosner could smell his scent ; it was kind of guiding him as a map would .
there was nt a scent .
santino almost jumped at her scent .
she caught a scent of the blood , and sniffed again and again .
his scent covers me , and rather than going back to the beach and courtney and whoever else might still be there , i hurry back to the beach house .
i have found the furosans scent , but it is trailed by that of a human .
rhakas nose skimmed across the grass , divining the scent of two from many .
the human scent .
and the scent of food grew ever stronger in their noses , a trail of breadcrumbs leading the way .
the air was heavy with the scent of rot and damp .
but had no luck finding anything , and was pleased that he did not come across any scents he did not recognize as either animal , plant or human .
no scent of a wolf .
the alphas scent caught in his snout , fast .
eva jordan at first , he feared this scent might overpower him , but the ring did its job and protected charlie from this danger .
he was now so close that i could smell the raw masculine scent of him .
by their scent i knew them to be loupes , and i growled deep in my throat at the intrusion .
i now knew her father 's scent and i could have easily killed him .
her scent followed me .
-9- i stalked the edges of the forests , waiting until i caught just the right scent , some innocent victim alone and unawares .
it was a scent i recognized .
i tried to focus , to concentrate on the scents of the wolves , but the pounding destroyed my focus .
then i caught scent of a lovely young maid who smelled positively delicious .
by the time i had outdistanced the hunters , crossed several streams to throw off the scent , and found a cave in which to hide , i could feel my body pushing the bullet out .
the scent of the lovely maiden still lingered here , but i continued on to farther pastures , where i hid and waited .
as human , my scent would not alert any hunting dog .
i could find no trace of their pungent enemy scent that had served so well in helping me to evade the hunting parties .
one morning in mid - december i caught scent of something so lovely , so delicious , i immediately began tracking it .
that odd scent .
she and the odd scent were one and the same .
if the maid had indeed split martin 's face with an axe , surely there would be blood and i could reacquaint myself with his scent .
this scent i had smelled before , a brief hint on the wind as i moved from place to place hunting .
the scent was faint , and i lost it after less than half a mile .
he 'd been doing this for hours - picking up a scent , hunting it down , finding the children indoors .
i had purposely left my scent there for abelard 's sons to find .
determining that i was momentarily safe by the lack of scent around me - this apart from an odd decaying scent that i feared came from our cave - i focused all of my energy into the bond .
determining that i was momentarily safe by the lack of scent around me - this apart from an odd decaying scent that i feared came from our cave - i focused all of my energy into the bond .
i could not smell him over the scent of so much death .
martin 's scent became clearer when i exited the house .
my ears constantly twitched , scanning for sounds of an enemy , my nose close to the ground to pick up any stray scent that might warn me of danger .
the scent was so familiar i began to worry that perhaps abelard was still alive somehow , in the same manner that i still lived .
no , this was the scent of one i had met before ?
finally the eldest son , a boy of thirteen or so called paul , must have reported my scent to his father , because the following night , as i loped along my usual path to the loupe cabin , a lone wolf sat in my path .
the barely detectable scent of a sharp , spicy cologne snakes it way through my sense .
but then shockey took me and i ca n't get his scent out of my skin .
she circled her nose and lips near mine and i realized she was trying to catch a scent therewills scent .
max hears his stomach growl despite himself as he inhales the scent of the cooking meat .
i baited him like a sharkwith the scent of blood . ''
it reminded me of the scent of my doom .
his nostrils flared at the scent in the air .
he may have been living here five months now but he could never forget or mistake that scent .
her scent blew through a gap in the old , splintered window frame .
her scent billowed thick in the air and it smelled different from what he d expected .
he followed the dagonians appealing scent as she moved to another room .
her shirt lay open , exposing flesh covered with reddened splotches and reeking of rons scent .
resisting her enticing scent was still a trial , but he was finding it easier .
strange though , her scent is not nearly as compelling as a full dagonian .
delicious could also be used to describe the scent , but i discarded that thought immediately .
he could smell the pungent aroma of sulfur mixed with the toxic scent of melting wallpaper and plaster .
he smiled as he caught the scent of what he was looking for .
still it continued to run , perhaps led by the girls scent .
not even the scent of cigarette smoke on the air to remind me .
the scent was mostly gone but when the breeze blew through the poplar trees , i swore i caught the faintest hint of the evil .
somethings caught your scent and being alone in that big house would be a huge temptation .
the demon closest to me let out a snort and i caught the putrid scent of its breaththe rotting smell that had haunted me for weeks .
carefully , she stepped out of his tangled trunk and slipped away , his scent protecting her .
as soon as his scent dissipated , she would once again be prey to the ophidians , including the cunning one .
the scent of my blood oozes from your skin , so i must have danced with your mother , he said .
she followed the scent into the pantry and found a blue block of cheese next to a dish of fresh wrinkly buds that brought back memories of a forgotten adventure .
she knew she carried the scent of the cunning one , more strongly since she had eaten his tongue .
following the scent , he inched towards her , jaws parted to reveal racks of fangs and a knot of fire at the back of his throat .
well be in an enclosed space together , but its still warm enough that i can turn on the air conditioner to keep her scent from filling up the cab too much .
time vanished the moment i caught that horrible scent .
the scent of it makes me whimper .
the scent of her , the feel of her life force nudging my hunger tightens my muscles .
what if the dogs found her scent again ?
a thought struck her and she gathered some of the needles and crushed them , hoping their strong aroma would mask her scent if the dogs drew close .
let the wind catch and carry your scent .
they were catching the vague scent of rilse , but it was not enough to send them off in a panic .
from the corner of her eye she had seen rilse in the bow , the wind carrying his scent ashore .
she was the shadow i never wanted , not even complete darkness snuffed her out , only consumed me with the scent and tight crushing grip around my throat and wait for her teeth to graze across my skin .
my mind was still reeling from seraphins scent and the knife pulled from my back .
its so hard to describe the scent .
his scent drove me wild .
a mess of dried blood covered the ground while putrid scent hovered in the air .
its a good thing brue can track your scent , he said .
its the scent i associated with her , and the only scent i long for when i was in the battlefields .
and the scent of tobacco too , of course .
he could hear the dull , typewriting sounds of horse - drawn carriages and smell the soured scent of humlings crammed into small spaces .
the i d and timestamp on nicks videomail message read : caller : grand lyons ( grandpa ) time : 9:32 am location : machu picchu , peru i think i broke their scent , nikolas !
ill be there to pick you and tim up once i break the scent of these confounded trackers !
he mumbled something about my scent as they passed through the waiting room doors .
got ta break the trackers scent , but i m coming , i m coming , huron .
like a dog or wolf , they can pick up ones scent , but what they do with it is quite wicked .
made it difficult for them to pick up a fresh scent .
break the scent .
kept blabbing on about protecting the mermaids , and trackers picking up our scent .
if anything entered through the timeline then i could not detect it , no tracks , no scent , but we should keep alert just in case .
a demon would not leave any scent or tracks ?
pete landed unceremoniously amongst the trees that surrounded the clearing , his body slack from the landing , his nostrils twitched as they caught the scent of the aromatic heather , again .
his face , his voice and scent , she remembered , the same scent she had detected within the pulse she craved .
tadge forgot sometimes that his scent engulfed those around him , rendering them useless and sacrificing their will , it was not unlike the same power possessed by demons to succumb their victims .
he concentrated on withdrawing his scent in the hope of returning the boy to normal .
she uncharacteristically felt nervous , the waft of cherry deepened as she shifted her position , it would have no effect on the demon but so much was her fear she was unable to control her scent .
he is closer now , i can smell his scent and my heart beats fast .
she loves the scent of blood and the taste of raw flesh .
make them cover our scent , so to speak . ''
the scent was so pungent i could taste it on the tip of my tongue and reminded me of the rotten easter eggs i d found hidden in the bushes around our house only yesterday .
there it was , the same foul scent of sulfur .
suddenly , i caught an odd scent coming from that particular ring .
it had to have left some sort of scent on me , though i could nt smell it .
his scent was unmistakably stirring .
my nostrils flared as soon as i realized daddys musk and spearmint scent had been replaced with the smell of cheap detergent .
i just followed the scent of freesias .
and do nt forgetferrol is still out there somewhere with a hunger for your scent .
i scanned all around my vanity , trying to locate the source of the scent .
i had to throw them off the scent , so i made sure it was known there was another beast out there that could be causing trouble .
lake whimpered and gave a final snarl to the bird before he walked away , following the scent of his master eldo back to the clearing .
there was no other method available to them when it appeared that lake had caught no scent of his master .
tigers attack out of nowhere , drawn to the scent of fresh blood .
no smell other than the scent of smoke .
* * * i press my finger tip harder against my thigh , staunching the blood , in an attempt to ebb the flow of scent lingering in the air behind me as i run down the corridors .
the sound of sniffing consumes the air as they both pick up on my scent .
his nostrils flare as he breathes in the scent of my blood .
i ask softly , hoping my voice does nt betray my fear , hoping they get distracted from the scent of my blood .
the scent must be solidified by now .
the victim develops a thirst for human blood , though animal blood is sufficient and ebbs the craving , but many prefer human blood and its rich taste and scent .
i try to pick up the scent with a few sniffs of my own but get nothing .
someone must have lost control over the scent of my blood , and must have tried to come after me while i slept .
enzyme sevens faint ammonia scent was hard to ignore but her evidence was still only circumstantial .
he tried to keep his eye on the highway but her narcotic scent made concentrating impossible .
the scent of him is enough to awaken life in me , and having him this close , feeling his body heat against mine , only intensifies my feelings .
the scent of skin paint is the scent of danger , of excitement , of the thrill of a new mission and profit on the horizon .
the scent of skin paint is the scent of danger , of excitement , of the thrill of a new mission and profit on the horizon .
they rescued her in time before the wild animals could trace her scent .
the scent was absolutely delectable .
you got all quiet and the only thing i heard was the sound of your nostrils sniffing my sweet scent !
even if his scent is intoxicating , keep strong , you re no pushover !
once i was free of his scent , i answered .
god , his scent was so .
he began to make cooing noises and edged forward as the tapirs nose twitched , trying to get harrys scent .
inexplicably , just when the american had allowed the raptor to become trapped in the river lagoon and bolt felt the kill , bolt had lost the scent again .
pooly took a great sniff and lowered its head toward royden , who desperately hoped the sirens scent still coated the comb .
i do nt think i know you , and your scent is strange , he said , sniffing the air around them .
it was nt until he got a little closer that he realised what it was that bothered him so much his rival had no scent .
firstly , if he detected the scent of another male cat he would attack immediately .
it looks like the food you would get from a five -- star restaurant back home , and the scent is making me salivate .
she will soon find out that you sent her there on purpose to throw her off of your scent .
smell the musty scent , hear the animals moving about .
poodle must have caught the same scent because he pounced immediately .
he did mention , however , how he loved the scent of money and made a couple of snorting sounds as he buried his face in the zippered opening .
if these black - suits have caught on to our scent ... no , i said firmly .
they both walked down a quiet carpeted hallway to his office and jay could smell the scent french fries in the air , no doubt from someones fast food lunch .
i m not going to be put off the scent that easily .
it wavered briefly , steadied itself and , like a hound on a scent , began a run straight up main street .
amalthea had done her best to put them off the scent .
dogs love to find the most interesting spots to pee on , tom thought ; they love to sniff out areas of previous creatures just like them , picking up on the scent of a familiar breed and then adding their own scent .
dogs love to find the most interesting spots to pee on , tom thought ; they love to sniff out areas of previous creatures just like them , picking up on the scent of a familiar breed and then adding their own scent .
the car was still running on the side of the road , and tom scampered out of the ditch , leaving his own scent marinating with the discarded garbage of a stray farmer .
the dogs stopped at a tree , both stimulated by some scent and eagerly pushing their noses to the ground .
he inched his nose into the air and waited for the smell of the farm to appear from the distance , as if some unfelt wind , whose current ran slow but unnoticed , could lift the scent of turkey shit , muddy feathers , hay and corn from miles away .
perhaps the dogs could detect such a scent , but james could nt , and he looked at the terrier , wondering what he was searching for with his nose to the ground .
james grabbed sticks and threw them up the trail and madison ran after them , but got distracted by a squirrel running up a tree or the scent of a long - gone rabbit .
james forged some adoption papers and then took the beagle to the farm and let him sniff the traces of faded turkey scent until he was too exhausted to bark .
the dogs ran up and down the stairs , detecting the scents from simon and smelling residue from old ghosts that were forever locked in the fabric of the house .
the man held the phone loosely and began dialing and james caught the scent of the ancient mans stench .
the dog must have wandered away , following the trail of some scent .
it was dark , and its scent was spreading throughout the cemetery .
vasin tensed , like a dog that had just picked up the scent .
he stopped for a moment , losing himself in the scent .
many years later , edward could still recall the scent of sweat in that room .
he could nt see , he could nt hear , he could nt touch only the scent and warmth remained .
before i got inside , i hoped to smell demirs scent .
on the long ride to downtown lhasa , the occasional scent of burning coal sifted through the air in the back seat of their taxi .
i stepped through the doorway and into the scent of a dark , dank , old house .
i like the bloodhound idea , but what do we have with yanuss scent on it ?
if we can find something of yanuss with his scent , then it might work , nadine said .
the scent of blood permeated the basement , and the womans tone began to lighten slightly .
the evil scent did not overpower , yet it could not be denied .
he knew her ; he recognized her scent .
the scent of something dead filled their nostrils .
if shad were up ahead , he might otherwise have caught her scent and given her away .
the pungent scent was worse the closer she got .
he could drown in that scent .
the musky , male scent of him was making her crazy .
was she honestly not going to change the pillowcase because it had his scent on it ?
17 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon the chaos wrecked through everyone like an unseen force , zombie gurgling and moaning out , the scent in the air unbearable .
she continues , eyes straight ahead , following a scent , tracking her prey .
she stops short , checks out a prairie dog hole and continues searching for any other scents .
after a few moments she runs off again , nose to the ground , having picked up a scent of something .
the bear followed the scent the fawns purposely laid down .
how tacky , she thought , to reunite with my husband while the scent of my lover still lingers on my skin .
einsteins tail started wagging , his body shimmying with the motion , the second he caught scent of the company we were about to keep .
he lit a cigarette and i breathed in the smoke , the smell diluted by the sweetness of the sea and the inescapable scent of bait soaked into the floorboards .
einstein ran the grounds up and down when we first got herehe would have caught the scent the second we passed the gate .
its trueif anyone was on this island , annabelle here would ve picked up the scent .
` ` i 'll take the sweet scent of the city anytime . ''
he was now acquainted with all the new adults ; he had memorized them by their scents .
i caught a faint scent of sandalwood .
would nicks thin attempt at finding out their location throw axel off the scent ?
her scent , her taste , photographs and memories .
the noise is louder here , uninhibited by the cloying scent of electricity .
there was no scent of fire in his tinder - house of sanity .
he smells the scent of pledge or lode english .
sex drips off them all leaving the scent behind to be tracked by the dogs .
tracking the scent , i followed it .
the scent led me several blocks away .
no human scent lingered in here , and the air in here was a little chilly .
all of the sudden , the fresh scent of blood hit me .
he was panting while i was trying not to make a run for the source of that scent .
i would have let one of the humans take her , but i could nt smell any human scent inside .
as for my opinion , i do nt think the kids are here , if they were , i would ve be able to hear them or smell there scent all over .
following the scent that led us to a door , we paused , listening .
he came back in a moment later , bringing the scent of smoke with him .
she did nt have to tell me where they were , the strong scent of spilled human blood was like a fucking beacon to all vampires .
screams of pain filled my ears , and the fresh scent of spilled blood was nt helping my thinking process any .
sniffing the air , i caught the scent of a human outside the closed door .
the scent of fear was so thick in the air that i could hardly swallow .
the scent of a witchs blood is sweet .
sometimes a breath of wind would carry our scent from the house in their direction , and they would lift their noses , sniffing the air , then turn with a muted bark and flee farther into the woods , white tails bobbing into nothingness .
behind me , the strays followed the scent of catnip .
she came close to them , near enough to taste their combined scent .
over their personal scents , she noticed they carried the smells of the restaurant .
stacks of machinery smelled like old rubber , and the potent scent of oil made my head queasy .
he could still see the fear , and pain , in her lovers eyes , as he stripped him of his skin , and smell the scent of burning flesh , as he made the man pay for his sins .
the scent of wood - smoke was common enough in the north woods , and it was absurd to think an extortionist might follow the omnipresent scent of wood - smoke in order to ambush somebody .
the scent of wood - smoke was common enough in the north woods , and it was absurd to think an extortionist might follow the omnipresent scent of wood - smoke in order to ambush somebody .
with the scent of plums on the mountain roadsuddenly , sunrise comes . ''
by sending you out to meet the victims , they ' ve thrown the hounds off the scent .
there 's a good chance a decoy would keep them off our scent for a while .
i recognized the scent .
it became difficult to breathe as each and every scent of metal and oil and exhaust fumes and dust became a finger around my throat , squeezing ever more tightly .
he ran his hand along her face and she got a faint scent of her own sex .
he took in her scent .
she heard him unzip his pants and smelled the terrible scent of his sex .
the scent of potpourri in the room blended with the odor of iodine as she opened the kit .
the bull had caught scent of a familiar but disturbing smell in the river .
before he could turn he was assailed by a recognizable scent .
the horses moved restlessly , the scent of water close by attracted them .
everything has its scent , i met you before you were changed and you were nt human then either .
maybe you got your scents crossed .
the scent of my own blood surrounded all my senses .
i know its there , the unique scent you carry is the animal part of our soul .
i knew it would nt only be the werewolves that could tell the animal scent on me , the vampires knew how to sort out different scents too .
i knew it would nt only be the werewolves that could tell the animal scent on me , the vampires knew how to sort out different scents too .
i smelled the heavy scent of blood and knew he was hurt , that screwed up all sense of control he knew .
his scent is all over the body and he had help .
the foe are sleeping , and the scent of blood is sweet , and the woods about cocheco await the warrior 's feet !
julie caught up with him , but on the inside of the ropes , put her head inches from his and smelt the sour scent of beer .
april 4 , 2012 what do you do when their body tells you no , but your head screams in protest , to know that the sweet scent , of forbiddingness , is calling your name , you could never let it in , never let it win , but that 's so much easier said , then done , look in the mirror , and say that you are pure , that you ' ve always fought , i ' m willing to bet , you ca n't , or wo n't , give yourself the chance to say your body won out , over your mind , because while i ' m as honest as it comes , i can say that i have , but do n't feel bad about this , we 're called animals , with animalistic urges , for a reason , april 5 , 2012 the human mind , longs for connections , and asked to be loved , what is to be left , when we are deprived , of the emotions that we so wish to find , where does it leave us , when those who we wish , so much to have interaction with , leave us out in the cold , are we better , or worse people , for the lack of interaction , or is it all , just a mind game , made up to show us , that the world , is nothing more than a cold dark place , that we chose to see through our own eyes , april 6 , 2012 i was lost , in the shadows of a world , that asked not to know me , then you came along , and helped me learn , there is such a thing as love , and you helped me learn , that you do n't have to be perfect , to be somebody , because of you i am becoming a better person , every day , with you , i can do anything , without out you , i am nothing , april 7 , 2012 the sun is my motivator , my distraction , my contractor , it gives me hope , where there is none , gives me smiles , when i ' m down , gives me everything i need , to feel like something is being done , but at night , when the sun has gone away , the demons lurk in , to strip away the motivation , and i ca n't even move , that harnessed ability , to do nothing , sticks with me , while the sun is down , i can just hope , that i can make it til sunrise , april 8 , 2012 the book tells you to celebrate , and the calendar says that you should , get up , go to church , and celebrate the resurrection , but let me ask you a simple question , why ca n't we celebrate in our homes , in fact , if we are to follow the god of our choice , why does it have to be in the confines of a church , can you tell me that if i do n't go to church , and celebrate with your kind , that i ' m no better then you , can you say that makes sense , when your god , loved us all , am i the hellion you believe i am , you 'll never know , which i ' m fine with , because in my mind , i ' m as good as i need to be , and the fact that you want nothing more than to treat me bad , then that 's fine , because come the day , we 'll see who s the real one of the group , because truth be told , if i ' m not good enough in his eyes , then i ' m willing to bet money , that you re not either .
he could smell the scent of the woman as she yelled out across the corridor of the house .
nothing in the room was capable of giving off the cherry scent and he could think of nothing in the house capable of producing the scent either .
there is nothing but the dragon and the high she s riding from the scent of ink and blood .
the aged coyote stared blankly at sara , recognizing her scent from all those years ago ... chapter 2 part 1 may 1st , 2034 matt had n't slept well again .
the least he could do is pick one with a decent scent .
their scent made clendons stomach queasier .
their scent crackled in the still night air .
clendon rolled down the window and caught their scent .
he laid many diversions as they went , concerned the enraged tongs would be hunting them using dogs sniffing for stephens scent .
he could smell mandys scent in the room - almost hear her voice - see her shadow - feel her reproachful look .
he wondered whether he ought to tell them that this great speciality in finding missing persons involved archaeology , ground - penetrating radar and dogs that were trained to get find the scent of decomposing flesh .
that scent - t was her .
and that damned scent , just everywhere .
even though he knew that all of his cattle were vaccinated , inadvertently one of them and was a mutant and when the disease showed up , it immediately picked up the scent and struck with full force against that one cow .
anything was better than the occasional metallic scent of blood mixed with urine and chemicals , odors that can turn the strongest of stomachs .
he was tempted to peek inside amelias closet , to see if her scent lingered , and found himself taking an involuntary step in that direction .
he scrubbed himself , washing oksanas scent from his body .
then he caught the scent of something different .
the air was thick with the scent of cordite and old grease .
i caught an overpowering scent of channel number five as she whispered , i understand .
it 's only attracted to the scent of blood !
it must have been attracted by the lights or my scent .
` ` make sure we do nt grab anything with a strong scent though '' .
you all know how predators feel about the scent of fresh blood and food is scarce out here , so when you are thinking about whether you should stay or go , maybe that s something to consider .
he d hidden the truck for insurance and to put the authorities off his scent for as long as possible .
it was the scent of fresh blood from an animal that was quite large and badly wounded .
the scent took him back to peterzanos studio where he was taught .
shaka sniffed the soil , trying to pick up the scent fressas wife had left .
otsana picked up a new scent once the filthy beasts bolted .
i move on with prowess , the scent of spirit , and the direction questioning ?
cautious now with the scent of another and for this other !
a back hand volley sends the scent of a dozen dead swamp toads towards smithy who , of course , ca n't resist a test whiff .
his legs rotate , setting their own course along the riverside , away from the rat , away from the old pisshead still on his back like a dog rolling in shit for scent .
i do nt recognize the scent , have nt run across them before .
she wondered if all the hormones downstairs had an infectious effect on her , like she was a cat in heat and picked up on the scent of a dominant male .
it knew them by scent , of course .
as if the corners of the slit of its mouth turned up in a mockery of a smile , the dots of its nostrils flaring imperceptibly wider as it took in his scent as the dominant male , the creature pulled the tip of the expelled dart from its flattened stomach .
nose tilted upwards , as though catching the scent of her own argument .
he found that sabrina had absolutely no scent .
the scent is disgusting .
the scent of broken sewer raped their senses of smell ; the site of rat droppings , and strange and large insects shed never seen before made her skin contract .
alerted by swirling bands and spirals floating as rainbows on the surface of the river , i came across his scent .
i suspect that the allies i shall find here will be immensely strong - and tricky - so i really have to localise myself , because apart from the obvious not - wanting - to - get - torn - to - bits , i must make contact very quickly , otherwise ill lose the scent for sure .
we still had no idea what the professors next move would be , but if the trail had not grown too cold - geeza had already demonstrated his ability to pick up a scent better than a bloodhound with a grudge - then there was still a possibility , no matter how small , that we might catch up with him yet .
once we d parked and found out where we were going , picking up a rough map from a little kiosk in the village , we headed straight off on foot for the lakes , keen to pick up the scent again .
they represent your greatest danger of discovery should they pick up on your scent .
this was a bloodhound , and he was on the scent .
i did nt want to betray the riot of desire incited by the scent of hops .
sandra got to robert first , crossing the room like an orange puma with the scent of meat teasing her nostrils .
on the scent , not deterred by crazy women falling out of the sky .
i sniffed the air and caught the scent just a few blocks away from where i was , and i followed it back to that alley where i was not too long ago .
i breathed in the cold air and caught the scent of uh another vampire ?
what the hell , i could no longer pick up the scent .
his stiffed posture told me that he caught the scent of blood .
hell , the scent of blood itself was making my mouth water .
the air was suddenly filled with the scent of fresh blood .
i ran several blocks away from the scent and breathed in the cold air .
it was way too much stuff , although i could still smell the scent of blood lingering just faintly under all the odors .
i walked toward the scent of the human .
i sniffed the air and caught the scent of humans .
the scent of blood reached me a second later .
she went rigid as she caught the scent of us nearby .
the strong scent of blood led us outside .
i sniffed and caught the scent of another vampire .
i followed the scent farther inside , away from the door .
it was a vaguely familiar odor , but i was having trouble placing it because my bunk mate mr . motorhead was oozing out oil and diesel fumes next to me , muddying up the scent .
fantastic , that should put him off my scent .
i suspected as much , and from more than just his name it was his voice that gave him away , more resonant and deeper than is typical of a white , and also his scent , muskier , though i apologize i know it is nt proper for me to speak that way .
the second shot whizzed past him on his right , tearing through his coat and shattering the drivers side mirror of his suv , leaving the sharp scent of burned padding in its wake .
the sharp scent of acute fear mingled with the sickly sweet smell of blood rested in the air overlaying the distinct smells of industrial strength cleaner and air freshener .
the sickly sweet feelings that he had sensed outside were infinitely more prominent in the hallways here where the wind did nt blow and carry away the scent .
the scent of a white - mans soap , a week old on his body , floating on the wind , would alert them to a hostile presence as much as the crack of a twig breaking underfoot .
he never flinched at rubbing himself in dung to eradicate his human scent and rolling in the dirt to blend in with the colour of the earth .
silver cluster leaf sparkled amidst the green canopy of maroela trees and herds of impala and kudu grazed undisturbed off the foliage , the man scent of the intruders carried in the opposite direction by the breeze .
i was sure i was dreaming because i could still smell the scent of old books .
the scent of bleach flooded my nostrils and nauseated me .
the mental distractions i had been using washed away with the scent of the bleach , my mind thrown back into chaos .
she wrinkled her nose at the scent of his cooked flesh .
the young brothers had not accrued the most number of arrests in the sacksville logbook , not even close , but they had been mentioned as much as anyone , and that was possibly more telling : always in trouble and barely ever any arrests , and whatever there was never translated into anything more than the most basic misdemeanours ; perhaps it was blackmail that did it , perhaps it was fear ; whatever it was , the scent was bad enough to justify the walk .
she swigged from the bottle and waved off a bug that had been aroused by the scent of it .
that scent had only gotten stronger .
but when those horrid police went after you , well , even piers hounds never missed a scent that badly .
it all happened pretty quickly after i had picked up his scent and from then on i went on the hunt .
because of my tall six - foot frame , i had to check my stride every so often to avoid tripping over the meandering hound as it ran its nose back and forth against the cement , checking for that ever - elusive scent .
it was that scent that carried us forward into the dawn .
still , i needed to get a feel for the wolves who were circling my door looking for my scent .
but there is always something , and i love to find it , particularly once i get the scent of a clever murderer in my nostrils ; or perhaps it could be a murderess in this case .
if the stench of blood was nt so thick about the room , ashe might have smelled the scent of weed , telling him that owen had been high when he fell asleep .
oscar has your scent and he will not stop until he has you in custody .
the detective had also smelled trouble , his nose being bread and buttered for the scent .
when the scent of cooking meat reached his nose , jason threw the door open and retched into the snow beside the car .
the idea that its so repellent probably came from hunters using garlic to mask their scent .
how would it mask their scent though , elizabeth asked .
apparently he was passing through , and he caught romulus scent .
i drank in the scent of him .
i then went to the living room and sat down again , trying not to get carried away by the scent of the hunt .
there was a scent of barely restrained lust in the air ; the frustrated sexuality of men not getting what they really wanted .
jenny sniffed the air , too , but instead of sausages , the scent of chucks sweaty body met her nose .
she tried to put her scent the scent of her fear aside while she focused on the mission .
she tried to put her scent the scent of her fear aside while she focused on the mission .
she could nt imagine living on the outside with small children , always looking over her back to make sure the new haven police had nt caught their scent .
joshua said they had caught the scent of ben in the wafting breeze .
i was so absorbed by this mans story i forgot i had to pay attention as a professional , taking notes , trying to follow the scent of a lie so i could discover what on earth was going on here .
maybe that was the scent marlon picked up when i had returned from the ghost house .
well , death visits the person whose time is up the day before , most likely in their sleep , and leaves a scent on them .
the scent is a way of sealing the soul .
when i blow it away , the scent carries the soul out of the body and the remains of the person are ready to receive his or her destiny .
i traced a scent , but i lost it when i entered the cemetery .
two hundred and fourteen years ago i traced a scent to the hurlingthon mansion .
but she was marked with my scent .
with his refined nose , marlon had picked up our scent and opened the front door .
a while back , when we were reaching this land , i picked up the scent again .
as expected , first a single stray dog comes sniffing and slobbering along ; as expected , it recognizes jamess scent and moves on to more justifiable targets .
then , of course , if they used dogs to track you , your scent will hang in the air and stick to the undergrowth in this temperature .
in fact , nathan not only wanted to be without scent , he wanted to be invisible and silent for a night like tonight .
her scent was still in the house .
nathan was not there but his scent lingered .
i moved away from the powerful spell of her scent .
he filed the scent of her spicy perfume away for when he was alone .
his nostrils flared trying to pick up a strange scent .
his nose had picked up the scent of something that normally was n't in that area .
sheila retrieved the balled up memo off the floor , and read it again.charles roman was no longer a useful ally.together , they had succeeded in temporarily getting her off the scent .
chapter 10 sheila was home , packing her bags for the frosty north.her plan was to clean up the marketing problem , if there really was one , and get back to atlanta.she had found a vulnerable spot at dominex.it was exactly what she needed to get where she was going , and just as she had caught the first scent of blood , she had been derailed.jerry was reliable , but no one had the hunting skills that she prided herself in having .
but they wo nt be finished , they ll be sniffing around you now , they ll have a bit of a scent and they ll want to know more .
the dog had clearly found their scent and taken up the chase , growling and baying as he hurtled in their direction .
kathleen could smell the distinct scent of bacon frying .
the elevator had nt lost his escorts scent or warmth .
that might just put them back on our scent .
chris took a deep breath and got to his knees , semiautomatic in tow and nearly crawled from room to the next as he caught the scent of tear gas that was beginning to sting his eyes .
he had nt had the chance to shower , and he was sure that darcys scent was all over him , especially with the perspiration pouring from underneath his armpits with this discovery .
it looked as though the hunters were becoming the hunted , though i could n't for the life of me see how the enemy had picked up the scent again .
something that carnac said had started a train of thought in my mind and i went back along the incidents of the last few weeks , searching excitedly here and there like a spaniel muzzling in the autumn leaves for some elusive scent .
the aim of the mink is more lousy than a three - year toddler with a real pump action shotgun , since it body marks the nesting territory with an ugly scent warning off future invaders from its den .
the dogs successfully tracked a scent of fresh blood from six more fish killings , totaling nine .
almost like sniffer dogs on his scent , jacobs 's men appeared to be intent on following the kid 's trail instead of working out how to head him off .
any moment , albert expected the dog to catch his or lawrences scent .
in a matter of time heather picked up the scent of chewing tobacco on the scorpion scuzzball .
shed caught the scent of freshly burning flesh as if it were roasting next to her .
there was a scent of a posh house in a reputable neighborhood , inhabited by reputable people : doctors , lawyer , and teachers .
there was also a hint of some kind of a strange , sharp scent .
my eyes widened , and in response , i ran toward the cigarette butt , picked it and held it in my hand for a few seconds before i threw it in the bin , disgusted at the scent that i knew seeped through my fingernails .
he starts to walk around the room , tracking the scent .
she puts her nose up and sniffs for a scent that might indicate danger .
it detects a foreign scent , but dismisses it , knowing its not from a bear or a wolf .
detecting a strange scent , the mother is on high alert , scanning her surroundings for anything that moves .
but in the air his livid senses caught the scent of something , human heat .
someone went chasing after him like a dog with a scent of a hare , and well , we ve seen how that can work out .
maybe to give those things our scent .
the scent hung thick and bitter in the air , closed up as the house had been .
it had obviously picked up zarkas scent as it was now sniffing the air in a state of frenzy .
i had to try and put them off the scent .
if the russians used dogs , it would be useful if they could cross some watercourse , to confuse the scent trail .
should we wade through the water , to put the dogs off the scent ?
might not be far enough to put any dogs off the scent , but lets try it anyway .
i had smelled the scent of bacon and eggs .
if he only knew a dog could pick up his scent in less than five minutes .
she was about to swing in when she caught the scent of cooking crab , the cacophony of arcade noise , the friday night frantic fun of redondo 's king harbor pier and decided to take a minute .
i thought of all the times i had confided with lyons and how he had tried to keep me off the scent .
but he had to give him one more to keep him off of the scent .
the narrator voiced in the background , prepare for an evolution in scent , her voice was deep and seductive .
she got a sniff of the good life and followed the scent like a bisto kid .
he sifted through those scents , identifying each of the departed wounded and remaining dead through their sweat , what aftershave they used , and the rations they had eaten recently .
there was also something else he detected in the air , a scent similar in nature to the men , though very different .
unlike the others , in which it merely clung to their clothing , this other scent was wrapped and suffused with the filth , decay , and odors of this environment .
he knew at once it was the woman 's scent .
he slipped his cloth face covering aside , trying to find kaylee 's scent once again .
kaylee 's scent lingered , but it seemed to be traveling away from the building and not inside it .
the faint scent of piss and perfume made him wince , then smile .
he was only a half mile from the river but did nt even make it a block before braking hard enough to burn his nostrils with the scent of burned rubber .
there were a few baskets , a few hampers around , one in the chair next to me , two others on the folding tables , one already full with folded garments , but there was distinctly only the slush from one churning machine , a damp , hissing sound , and there was the humidity of the damp scent of this in the otherwise blunt chill of the space .
kids could read that scent like sharks sniffing blood .
so he and patsy became friends , and would pretend to have sex to put people off the scent .
in such a situation , one must retain ones invisibility a safe distance , yet not so distant as to lose the scent .
an offer always lurked in her email from some small - timer , a dreamer who had caught the scent from one of her headhunters .
the barking continued , scaring him enough that , in order to cover his scent from the dogs , he smeared some of the rotting thai food onto his face , his armpits , and in the crotch of his pants .
he literally followed his nose forward , probably faster than he should have but he did not want to lose the scent leading him .
controlled chaos greeted them as they rushed around the corner into the unit , the scent of sterility invaded by blood and sweat .
their undulating bodies pounded against the mattress in increasing fervency , the scent of fresh blood heightening the passion .
however , natural gas had a unique scent she would ve recognized , unless shed been taking a nap .
maybe the scent just remained permanently imbedded in his mind from when he d first been on scene .
eric lit another cigarette more for scent disguise than for personal need , careful to hide the glowing embers from watchful eyes .
if she looked like she were part of a couple , it would throw them off the scent .
her scent came up at me .
deveraux 's scent came up at me in the steam .
she was a journalist on the scent of a story .
chapter 1 - the secret agent the scent and smoke and sweat of a casino are nauseating at three in the morning .
it does not seem that the suspicions of leningrad have been aroused yet but , unfortunately for le chiffre , it is possible that at any rate smersh is on the scent .
but look here ... ' but griffon or was not to be diverted from the scent .
he would be unlikely to get on the scent of scaramanga on his first evening in havana .
they were both following a scent .
the thud of the arrival of the snake 's head would have kept any crab underground for many minutes , however enticing the scent of what had made the thud .
the scent of the enemy , the need to take care , already had him by the nerves .
in a matter of seconds the other fish would catch the scent .
he held nothing back and he showed each false hare as it had been started and finally run to earth , leaving nothing but a thin scent of ill - founded suspicions and a muddle of clues that all ended in the same question mark ... where was a pattern ?
it was not much of a false scent , but it might gain some time .
he will be available to go after our bait when they get the scent .
they were sniffing at his scent .
out of sheer pressure for space , the rats would have braved the lights and hurled themselves down on to the two intruders , in spite of the two glaring eyes and the threatening scent .
miss chung , and perhaps the taxi driver , had picked up the scent .
that 's why i sent the sunbeam over to montego , to lay a false scent .
it had no particular scent .
they had a scent and they quested frenziedly , the diamondshaped ears erect on the smooth , serpentine heads .
bond put his camera carefully down on the chair and came and stood in the radius of her scent .
bond thought he knew what would be in goldfinger 's mind , what is in most golfers ' minds when they smell the first scent of a good lead melting away .
but at moulins bond nearly lost the scent .
258 in geneva would put him on to the scent that would end with bond 's inquiry about the entre - prises auric .
the swiss special brigade had quickly found bond 's car and had got on to the route by which bond and the girl had been taken to america , but there , at idlewild , the fbi had lost the scent .
cleaned the place up all right , but , for the dogs , their scent will hang about there for months . ''
it had been m 's dictum that had put him on the scent - if it was a scent - and the mention of the gipsies .
it had been m 's dictum that had put him on the scent - if it was a scent - and the mention of the gipsies .
a brilliant woodpecker with a scarlet head flew down ahead of him , screeching each time bond caught up with it , and always there were the chipmunks , craning up on their hind feet , lifting their small muzzles from their teeth as they tried to catch his scent , and then scampering off to their rock holes with chatterings that seemed to fill the woods with fright .
the scent of her body had a warm animal tang .
a rock beauty , gorgeous in gold and red and black , pecked at the sand , and a pair of the inevitable black and yellow striped sergeant - majors materialized from nowhere , attracted by the scent of the broken sea - egg .
he felt pure again , having washed off the last remaining scent of ethanol .
he had the scent of blood .
leading us away from the scent .
it got so bad with the wedding that they decided to leak false honeymoon details to the press , to throw them off the scent . ''
` ` to throw the press off the scent ? ''
tracy swept into the store , trailing an overpowering scent of chlo behind her .
the scent of her was suddenly everywhere .
the intruder crouched there , waiting for them to pick up his scent .
` ` they ' ve got the scent , '' the handler said .
she found him in the cadence of a stranger 's voice , the sudden laughter on a quiet street , a phrase , a scent , a song .
the scent of latex bloomed from sheathed hands .
the scent would have drifted for miles , and lingered for days . ''
` ` let 's pick up the scent . ''
there was the scent of freshly cut grass .
the fecund scent of growing things was all around them .
the scent told ambler that it was highly combustible security paper , designed to be consumed by flame within a matter of seconds .
there had been a time , norris vaguely recalled , when she started to develop scent allergies ; that those allergies had failed to develop was only a function of her somewhat limited attention span .
at least it throws people off the scent for the real mole . ''
thedobermans were gaining , the yelping and the harshbarking louder and more furious ; they had picked uphis direct scent , the trail of undried sweat maddeningthem , preparing them for the kill .
they were animals gauner their nostrils in - flamed by the scent of a trapped fat quarry whomight keep them in food and drink for days .
and if he had caught their scent , they most certainly had his .
the polar bear was not familiar with these creatures , but the wind had carried him the scent of their sweet , hot blood , and on the ice , meat was meat .
maybe it was pure curiosity , or maybe you caught the scent of something when your expedition was warned away from the wreck .
had the scent of the gardenias summoned her from inside him ?
kim had caught the call from dcfd during a brief lull in the mind - numbing drudgery of filling out paperwork on a phalanx of arson investigations , one of the few moments during the past weeks when she 'd allowed herself to think about her husband - his wide shoulders , his strong arms , the scent of his naked body .
farther away , horses whinnied , shaking their heads as the men 's scents reached them .
the wind was swirling , bringing with it the scent of danger .
she missed the scent of him , the feel of his muscled limbs , the flutter of his flat belly against hers , the exquisite sensation as he took her - or she took him .
the sounds might be a feint , a way to throw us off their scent .
it pooled in the hollow of his throat , dark , throwing off the scent of copper .
we were on our way there when scarface picked up our scent . '
in his crummy basement lair this scent was altogether familiar , almost a given , but here in a family home it seemed strange and ineffably sad .
it was n't , but boris being boris caught a whiff of a strange scent . '
the poker game had given up the ghost an hour ago , leaving the house off dupont circle redolent of the scents of men'and women'hard at play : cigar ash , leftover pizza , stale but honest sweat , and the ephemeral but powerful odor of money .
her adrenaline was running high , and she lost patience with the minutes ticking off , pacing around the perimeter of his work space , which smelled of hot metal and spinning hard drives , the scent of money in the twenty - first century .
he stood looking around for a moment , his nostrils dilated , as if he could drink in the scent of the sniper , make his image appear out of thin air .
he struggled , trying to maintain his vigilance , his focus , but the memory , triggered by the scent of the single - malt , was overpowering , and he so yearned to know , to fill in the gaping holes in his memory .
he could do very little about leaving his scent on dry land , but in the moving water even the dogs would lose his trail .
the longer he stayed in the water the better , as the dogs would lose all scent of him and become confused , and the farther away he emerged , the harder it would be for them to pick up his scent again .
the longer he stayed in the water the better , as the dogs would lose all scent of him and become confused , and the farther away he emerged , the harder it would be for them to pick up his scent again .
it did not have the damp , sharp scent of built - up organic matter of a cave that went deep into the bedrock .
they found his scent on the property and followed it into the woods but lost it at a stream . ''
our nostrils dilate at the scent of death . ''
had it been simply the scent of the single - malt , or was it something in his current predicament that had provoked it ?
khan 's nostrils dilated as if he had caught a scent of his quarry .
he stoop close enough to see molnar 's nostrils flare at the scent of the coffee .
now and again a sound or a scent fired something in his damaged memory .
` ` i remember little of my life as jason bourne before that time , '' he concluded , ` ` and virtually nothing about my life as david webb , except when now and again a scent or the sound of a voice dislodges something and i recall a fragment .
he 'd seen the flat ; he did n't know what he 'd expected to find , maybe it was nothing at all , save the scent of her , lingering long after she had left .
she 's a very good - looking female - highly desirable - which means arkadin will have her scent before she comes within a block of him . ''
sharks had poor eyesight , relying on scent and motion .
devra dug her claws deeper into his flesh , so that he could smell the sweet , coppery scent of his own blood .
so right , the scent of deception so accurate , so irresistible !
he 'll follow a scent . ''
suddenly a black doberman raced by on the graveled road , no hesitation in his pace , no scent picked up , the animal 's only objective apparently to reach a given place .
the long - haired attack dog was suddenly circling in the road , its snarls growing louder , its nostrils picking up the human scent .
the hyperactive dog raced back and forth , aroused perhaps by squirrels or rabbits in the brush , but not by human scent ; it did not raise a throated growl , the signal of assault .
the familiar scent of their bodies was calming to the dogs , reassuring them .
a farmer found their bodies around four o'clock this morning -- it seems the dogs woke him up with their barking , downwind of the blood scents , i imagine . ''
ahead marco saw a small green neon sign that was indifferently advertising the bar fontana , and as he walked toward it he soon picked up the scent of strong coffee .
his sources , though , were far better than those of the average investigative journalist , and it was n't long before he picked up the scent of the pardon scandal .
he 's here to try to pick up the scent .
their oily , ugly bodies were entwined , the flat heads poised near each other , the blind , pinlike eyes staring fanatically in the direction of the scent .
with a shout , he followed the e - mail 's footprints -- - traces of data and numbers , almost a scent to marty -- - to nih 's federal resource medical clearing house and a terminal accessed only by the password of the director , lily lowenstein .
the scent reminded him of his nomadic youth around the campfires of northern iraq .
then , as if following a scent , the czech 's eyes roamed down to the lower right , to another enlarged snapshot also taken in lausanne , this in the gardens of the beau rivage .
it seems that by the time your old colleagues got word you 'd arrived in this country , they 'd lost your scent .
he detected the distinctive resinous scent of cannabis , and he knew it had not .
if tarvan is discovered by some lawyer , and , frankly , you 're the first one who picked up even a whiff of a scent , then there could be a trial .
you were smart enough to pick up the scent of tarvan , and at the same time we were searching desperately for a young lawyer we could trust .
` ` this wind wo n't carry our scent ahead of us , '' peter explained .
he was about to use his knife when he realized it was a shepherd 's dog , its nostrils uninterested in human scent the realization did not prevent him from losing his breath ; he stroked the dog , reassuring it , then ducked beneath a flashlight beam that shot out of the woods , and scrambled further up the sloping field .
there 's nothing on earth more ferocious than a huge maimed bear , his nostrils filled with the scent of his own blood .
smelled the rusty scent of blood .
they loitered around the sheriffs office , and cutter 's office , and anywhere else they might pick up a scent .
the washington post picked up his scent , and barry rafko , a man who had always craved attention , was getting more than his share .
did the ruckers find me because they picked up my scent , or did they follow the fbi because the fbi was following me ? ''
they lost him in orlando and picked up the wrong scent as the cadillac headed north .
the least he could do was throw the old woman off the scent of where he came from .
alan bartlett first gives you the scent .
he turned his head to catch another draught of the scent .
each of her breaths came laced with grass and mud and she spat out the sediment , but she welcomed the scent of sweating horseflesh .
he saw cassiopeia register the scent , too .
that i do n't want bobby dulac , tom lund , and the rest of them tromping around out there , mixing their scents with the doer 's scent , until i get a chance to smell for myself ?
that i do n't want bobby dulac , tom lund , and the rest of them tromping around out there , mixing their scents with the doer 's scent , until i get a chance to smell for myself ?
the others could run over there like hounds on a hot scent if they wanted to .
i knew the scent well .
` ` their scent is our scent .
` ` their scent is our scent .
something in the stranger 's body language or scent must have piqued kane 's interest : tension , posture , furtive movements .
he follows that scent , dragged along by both command and nature .
` ` scent .
he has followed the trail of the woman , catching her scent in the woods , picking it out of the spoor of deer and rabbit .
he breathes in deeply , picking out each scent and testing it for danger : old smoke , urine of man and beast , the resin of cut logs , the taint of thick moss on shingles .
a wind blows across the road , carrying to him the scent of his partner - as familiar as his own .
the scent had clearly drawn them .
he grabbed some dirty clothes from a hamper and placed it in front of kane 's muzzle , ruffling it to raise the scent and gain kane 's full attention .
will went down , toppled over several times in the snow , jaws snapping all around him , as he smelled the sharp odor of their scent glands , then on his feet again , somehow untouched .
the garment no longer carried her true scent , had n't for years .
will sat down slowly in the dead grass and watched the deer evaluate his scent , lose interest , and go back to their nighttime wandering .
silos loomed several miles away and the sweet , rotting scent of a dairy farm was on the breeze .
my mother loved scorched bread , and though the scent of her singed breakfast was now a few hours old , it made this deteriorating house my home , and me her little boy again , for three inexorable seconds .
i smelled the leather collar as he slipped it over my head and cinched it around my neck - the scent of misfortunate strangers ' sweat and blood and tears and spit .
she sniffed again , letting the scent of decay engulf her .
as i knocked against the door i caught the scent of woodsmoke .
the scent of woodsmoke was getting stronger and now she could see firelight flickering across the wall at the end of the corridor .
he caught the scent of cigarette smoke the same instant he heard the sound of footsteps in the grass .
he caught the scent of rancid body odor .
a mile and a half up the road , he caught the scent of water on the breeze , thinking he 'd grown hypersensitive to the smell as of late , some recent adaptation borne out of nearly dying of thirst .
and the scent ... it drove my senses mad and made me sick every time i got a huge whiff of the potent scent .
and the scent ... it drove my senses mad and made me sick every time i got a huge whiff of the potent scent .
i can smell the scent of cigarettes , the boy fading from my view .
i wo n't focus on the screaming , on the scent of the man , his voice , what he tells me to do , what he does to those girls , to me , to the boy .
she pauses , scratching her head with her free hand as the scent of gasoline makes its way around the room .
lily steps in front of him , her hands still up to her side , the scent of fire swirling around me , even though there 's no flames .
above the heat and scent of the horse , i thought i could smell the powder she wore .
` ` to me the scent is a perfume , cristian , '' laughed vedomir .
and he 'd become enough of a countryman to be able to catch the scent of a storm .
he had tried to breathe in his father 's scent and realized that it was fading .
that 'll put the damned dogs off our scent , and even if they 're bright enough to ford the tiber themselves , we 'll be able to lose them in the woods over there .
the scent of perfume on my sleeve ? ''
we left our new friends the servants behind at the palazzo , so that they can put anybody who asks off the scent . ''
containing false information - put them off the scent ... '' ` ` good news indeed , '' replied ezio , but his tone was cold .
the cop opened up the back door and sean caught a whiff of apples , a sharp , october scent .
they could smell the rain and the tinfoil scent of the penitentiary channel rolling dark and silent on the other side of the park .
she reached back there , trying to ignore the phobia she had about reaching into the sink cupboard , an irrational feeling she always got that a rat lay waiting under the pile of rags , sniffing the air at the scent of her flesh , raising its snout from the rags now , whiskers twitching she snatched the lug wrench out , then rattled it through the rags and cans of cleanser just to be sure , quite aware that her fear was silly , but determined nonetheless , because , hey , that 's why they called them phobias .
there , right now , across the street , he could see a car trolling along slowly , watching him , waiting for him to give off the scent of the victim .
least the dog can still sniff out a scent from time to time .
i stepped out after twenty minutes or so and dried slowly , my nostrils still thick with the clogging scent of blood and the bitter aroma of cordite .
she said she put just the one picture in the safety - deposit box to throw them off the scent , case they ever follow her there . ''
and until that moment i had n't realized how much i 'd missed it - untangling the tangles , sniffing for the scent , taking the first step toward demystifying what had previously been unknowable and unapproachable .
the scent of sand on her skin or the salt in the air coming through the screens of that fisherman 's shack ?
as our heels hammered the plank wood and the sharp scent of the bog turned bitter in my nostrils , bubba said , ` ` come on .
` ` to throw you off the scent , mr .
danny caught a whiff of her scent suddenly .
men like that always hid the part of themselves that was n't smiling and hid it so deep it got all the hungrier , like a bear just come out of hibernation , lumbering out of that cave with a scent in its nose so focused it could n't ever be reasoned with .
curtis designated you the staked goat , son , and the beasts in the woods have already started sniffing your scent . ''
tim hickey was down south on a rum deal and could n't fill in the blanks about how they 'd ended up knocking over the wrong card game , and the bartolo brothers were keeping their heads down and noses clean until they heard what was what , but here was joe , supposedly the smart one , sniffing around emma gould like a starving dog following the scent of a cook fire .
her scent is fading - there is no time .
he has no idea how far it is to escape , but he finds his way - and the strength - by following her scent .
but her scent has faltered .
her scent is gone .
tonight , he 'd been weak , thinking unclearly , his leg still regenerating , and still he 'd gone to his knees when he 'd finally picked up her scent once more .
the ones that were dark and should unnerve her ; yet she 'd been itching to explore them since first perceiving that scent of brine .
had she known that the ammonia and polishes stored there would cloak her scent from him ?
a study , a working one - with papers atop the desk - though it was dank and redolent of the scent of old blood .
he would never forget her scent , had taken it into him forever from the first night he recognized her .
he followed emma 's scent easily , moving through the expansive mansion , and stalked straight to her floor .
` ` maybe by the scent of darren 's blood , '' mr . crepsley said .
the wash of desire in her scent made him want to smell her , to press his nose to her throat and inhale the scent gushing off her .
in the meantime , he needed to keep as much distance as he could between them ... and maybe try not to breathe in her scent .
the still - functioning part of dani 's mind told her that it was from the bloody lip leo had given hazel , but she did n't care , the scent started her body screaming with want .
nicholas had been vaguely aware of the scent as he 'd trailed her , but it had been faint then .
he reached in to open it and was immediately hit with a strong wave of the scent .
their scent is like an aphrodisiac , their smile makes you want to rip their clothes off , their touch makes you want to bury yourself deep inside them and stay there forever . ''
he inhaled a deep breath to be sure , but no , it appeared the scent of food no longer repulsed him .
the gnawing sensation in cale 's gut immediately intensified in response to her scent .
` ` but i was fascinated by scent , how the blending of them could create another wholly different aroma and so on . ''
her vision was still blurry , but she could see well enough to make out the way the police chief 's nose wrinkled as he caught her scent .
he supposed that and the girl 's dismayed expression were what had recalled drina to the matter of her scent .
with every step , he assured himself that his senses would deaden to the scent quickly , and he could bear it till they did .
i love your scent , but i ca n't smell you . ''
her physical symptoms had been worrying enough , but when he 'd sniffed her wrist the scent of her blood had been telling .
as desperately as he needed blood , the last thing he wanted was to be closed up in a minibus with her where the scent of her blood might make him do something stupid .
unfortunately , he could n't outrun her scent when he was carrying her .
` ` roxy just caught a scent or saw something .
alecto and her people had caught their scent in that village and had been on them like a pack of hounds , constantly nipping at their heels over the following six months until she 'd caught up to them on his birthday and butchered his mother .
his mortal friend had n't caught the scent , but anders , with the exceptional olfactory sense immortals possessed , had , and the scent had made him stop abruptly in the opening and sniff the air with sudden alarm .
his mortal friend had n't caught the scent , but anders , with the exceptional olfactory sense immortals possessed , had , and the scent had made him stop abruptly in the opening and sniff the air with sudden alarm .
the scent and sound of the life - giving fluid pounding through her veins had tempted him beyond reason .
it had none of the scent of the owner , none of the individuality , and none of the pleasure of warm , pulsing blood pouring into your mouth and body .
he immediately followed , her scent making it impossible for him not to stalk her .
inez had enjoyed the experience ; his kisses , his touch , his scent , the passion that had flooded her , and part of her was eager to experience it all again .
thomas shook his head , his nose flaring as she moved a little closer and he caught a whiff of her scent .
thomas stared at her silently , his nostrils flared to take in as much of her scent as he could .
he moved slowly at first , until she fell into pace at his side , and then picked up a little speed to stay a step ahead of her scent and discourage talking .
amid the bleating alarm and the puff of chemical smoke from the deployed airbag , claire also smelled the trace scent of blood .
vaguely he registered the scent of melting pine pitch and singeing leaves as he passed into the thick stand of trees .
she was afraid , the scent of her terror a crisp note that the drifting smoke did n't quite conceal .
her blood scent had drawn him out of the dark and up the flight of stone steps , into the room where she dozed now .
her scent beckoned him as much as the rush of her blood beneath her skin .
as the scents would indicate , some of the gothic buildings appeared to still be in use as commodities warehouses ; others had been converted to stores housing fine oriental rugs .
he caught the scent of my blood when the other male knocked me to the ground and i skinned my knees .
but the scent of blood permeated the air , particularly strong for kade and any of his kind .
as if the blood bond he now had with her was n't beacon enough , he could have easily tracked her by scent .
kade caught the scent of freshly spilled human blood only a couple hours into the night 's patrol .
she remembered that smell now , the scent of a man sweating .
now he caught her scent .
` ` to cut off our scent . ''
so they do n't just track us by scent .
i smelled the scent of burnt paper , and the soft murmur of latin .
deeper was a familiar scent of vampiric incense .
there was no scent of burnt amber - i was in reality , and that was a relief .
i had missed lunch , by the faint scent of lasagna that had come and gone .
the scent of ozone was heavy , and the morning air drifted in , almost too cool for the pixies .
i breathed deep as i let her go , pulling the scent of vampire incense deep into me , mixing with my raspberry smell of the detangling spray and the cloying stench of the smoldering couch .
the scent of redwood came from him , strong and heady .
it was worried and close , and my entire side tingled from the intoxicating scent of hyped - up vampire .
the scent of redwood battled with vamp incense to fill the church with the hint of power and sex .
arrows littered the ground , and the scent of broken green was strong .
the air was clean , but memory put the scent of blood and burnt hair drifting through the clearing .
` ` that 's a rip - roaring fine guard dog , that 's what that is , '' he said , and the scent of redwood hit me hard .
almost like an oil , the scent of ash coated me .
the scent of brimstone hit me , and i sneezed .
the scent of vampire twined around me like a vine , and i stiffened .
ivy stood stock - still in the corner , eyes down as she filled the car with the spicy scent of vampire .
the scent of cold , dark garage and the sound of a running engine slipped in , cool around my ankles .
` ` they 'll be following my scent , not yours .
they can track you to here , but the water will kill the scent .
the same ones who had tasted my scent .
but the three men in the doorway were werewolves ; they merely needed to sniff the air and her scent was there - vanil a with a trace of cinnamon .
his scent was not that of the woolsey pack , nor of any distant association .
lyal could tel from the man 's scent that this was for show .
the blood leaking from the young man 's injury smel ed divine , of course , but lyal was no pup to be diverted by the scent of fresh meat .
professor lyal sniffed , trying to catch the scent of the vampire over the smel of human blood and putrid water .
it was a scent long since lost and no longer emitted except by this one man .
lyal could have guessed the identity of the vampire from that scent , even were he not already familiar with its owner - the potentate .
alexia realized it must have been the scent of the wolf that initial y panicked the horses .
he caught the man 's scent : very expensive french perfume coupled with a hint of bond street 's best hair pomade and under that the slow richness of the unpalatable -old blood .
but then the scent of blood came to me , stronger than ever , and i growled low in my throat before i realized i 'd made a sound .
the scent of blood from the gang member 's cheek misted on the air , and something inside me responded .
from their unnatural stillness and the scent of old blood , they were obviously dead .
the vivid scent of fresh blood , and the human jerking against me , gasping .
as he pulled back the cord , i breathed in slowly , trying to catch the beast 's scent .
miraculously , despite the obvious scent of blood in the air and the conspicuous trail we left behind , we managed to avoid any sudden rabid attacks .
his scent was everywhere , overwhelming ; heat and blood and life , and a distinct , earthy smell that was uniquely him .
hopefully , we can get underway before the storm hits , and then the rain will hide our noise and our scent from any rabids in the woods .
the scent of blood , the violence , the furious rage toward jebbadiah , was almost too much to handle .
the strong odor of chemicals , mixed with the scent of zeke 's blood , made me a tad nauseated , which i took as a blessing in disguise .
he collapsed amid a rain of glass , and the sweet scent of blood rose up like a geyser .
the scent of it clung to the walls and floors , soaked into the rotting tables , smeared in dark stains across the wood .
the scent of kanin 's blood had hit me like a hammer as soon as i 'd opened the door .
i wondered why the scent did n't knock me down the second i came into the room .
i hissed as their scent wafted up from the pit - blood and rot and decay and wrongness - and took a step back from the edge .
the scent of fresh blood , streaming from their faces and arms , hung on the breeze like invisible ribbons , rousing the demon within .
jackal was right- the scent of warm - blooded humans was everywhere , even overpowering the smells of rust and mold and greasy smoke .
i took a breath and smelled blood and smoke and the scent of many , many humans , all mingled together .
i could n't imagine the depth of torment kanin was feeling , but i knew that the mere sight or scent of a human would probably drive him completely insane .
i kept a tight hold on it , concentrating on the sound of zeke 's heart , his touch , until the footsteps faded into silence and the scent of fear blew away into the night .
goaded by the scent of fear and violence , i roared a challenge as well and leaped into the room .
the scent of zeke 's blood was everywhere , slamming me in the face as soon as the door swung back .
if our guy caught neil 's scent , it 'd be an irresistible lure .
as he slid into the passenger seat , she caught a sharp scent from him - fresh vampire blood .
lady maccon dismissed it in the manner calculated to most efficiently throw ivy off the scent .
but he was spotted by the most unexpected individual , near st . bride , the unfragrant scent of fleet street in the air .
` ` true , '' said alexia , ` ` but the primitive nature of the attempt could be to throw me off the scent . ''
i caught your scent about an hour ago and saw the dirigible coming in for a landing .
lady maccon instantly spoke , in order to throw miss hisselpenny off the scent .
` ` someone else is on the scent : a spy of some kind or some other agent , a member of the hypocras club , perhaps .
do not think you have thrown me off the scent so easily . ''
he missed the signs and the scent .
there seemed to be blood everywhere , and the copper smell of it battled against the scent of haggis and fried kipper .
i missed his scent .
` ` i recognize your scent .
i felt teren blur to my side as imogen stepped back , her scent retreating with her as she went to sit by her daughter .
he was so fast , always gone or fleeing before i could do anything about it , and other than a faint trace of his scent , i never really got a chance to ... '' he sighed , angry at himself .
on rare occasions , when some have been out traveling or hunting , they ' ve come across our scent and have come out to the ranch to say hello .
it compelled me to walk downstairs to the kitchen , where the scent in the house was the strongest .
the combination of those smells and the scent of spike on her , made me a little nauseous .
the scent of new life .
the scent of me , mixed with teren , even under a haze of all the blood in the room and in my mouth .
the scent of fear easing from her , she shook her head .
the scent of freshly applied hairspray stung my nose , but i managed to hold in the sneeze .
it ripped its mouth away and the scent of fresh blood ignited my senses .
i wrapped my arms around its neck , the scent of bovine overpowering me as i flung it to the ground .
his scent was light on the breeze , but it had the distinct zing of vampire to it .
the scent wafting from the parchment was unmistakable to a vampire .
his scent had been faint in the breeze and faint on the paper , but now that the two were linked , they perfectly matched .
since he could n't move as quickly as we could or follow a scent like we could , he probably felt a little ... human .
walking through an open air breezeway , the scent of cattle stung my nose for a second before we entered one of the side buildings here at the ranch .
she and halina had been able to find the place that pernicious night , so many years ago , by tracking the scent of the man around where they 'd last felt teren 's location , but we 'd been sort of out of it that day and i could n't remember where to go .
he pulled the lid off the container and the scent of blood hit my nose .
i took a second to register my family approaching , the faint scent i 'd imagined earlier turning into a real one that was getting stronger .
alexander was n't repulsed bythe sight and scent but intentlyattracted to it .
` ` it 's not a bad smell ... it 's the scent of -- '' it was then i felt the dewy drops on the side of my cheek .
before -- '' my cut was small , but the scent of blood would be ripe on a breezy night in an empty factory .
it was the scent and presence of blood .
i do n't know of any poisons with that smell , but it might be used to cover over another scent or , of course , it might have been your cup , lady linette . ''
so why did the scent trail lead straight ahead ?
the scent of death was stronger here , meaning the baby vampire was closer .
still no movement from inside , and definitely no sign or scent of life .
and with it came the scent of death and excrement - smells i knew entirely too well .
and while part of the excrement scent was definitely his , there more to the smell than simply his presence .
his scent was fading fast .
the back door was wide open , and the scent of blood was stronger than before .
the blood scent was coming from the right - from what looked to be a bedroom - the shit smell from the left .
so why did gautier 's scent seem to be coming primarily from the bedroom ?
christ , a lot of them had a tendency not to wash , and scent alone stopped me from getting close to most .
the heavy weight of their steps was as much of a giveaway as their thick scent .
his scent also told me he was a wolf , though not a were .
every species had its own particular scent - a base , if you like , that personal odors were built upon .
one had a cat scent , the other was a bird of some kind .
` ` if you 're going to investigate the remainder of the house , '' he said , nostrils flaring - like he was catching a scent that both attracted and repelled - ` ` i need to set up the mobile record units . ''
the stench of shit was stronger here than anywhere else , but again , it was more human - based than the scent i associated with gautier .
this close to the woman , the scent of excrement was almost overwhelming .
their hunger mingled with their scent , stealing like a thief across the night , filling my nostrils and sending chills scampering across my skin .
jin was barely even breathing fast , but as i watched he closed his eyes and inhaled deeply , as if the scent of the baby vamp 's pain was somehow fueling his body .
so , i was n't alone in the house but jin 's scent was a distant thing rather than active - an indication that he was n't actually in the house .
he met my gaze , the scent of his lust spiking sharply .
the heat and scent of him called to the wildness within , even from a distance .
but running underneath his lust - worthy scent was a trace of sex and blood , mixed in with a hint of jasmine .
and found the scent of jasmine coming from a locker on the far side of the room .
i needed to find out who the woman behind that scent was , if only because she might be one of jin 's regulars , and therefore might know something more about him .
i wrapped the shadows around me , just in case someone came out into the corridor unexpectedly , then padded down the hallway , following the scent i could n't name .
it seemed to be coming from the first door on the right , but it was hard to tell because that unknown scent almost overwhelmed everything else .
and that scent was coming from the second door on the left .
the death scent reminded me a little of gautier , but even then , it was n't quite the same .
there was no way in hell i was tempted to investigate that other room or the scent emanating from it , because it just felt wrong .
it stung the air , as thick and as heavy as the scent of her blood .
i might not be attracted to the same sex , but the scent of desire was enough to set hormones raging when the moon heat was closing in .
or maybe it just seemed that way because the tall whip carrier 's scent was all blood and sweat and musky man , and it was powerful enough to overwhelm any lesser scents .
or maybe it just seemed that way because the tall whip carrier 's scent was all blood and sweat and musky man , and it was powerful enough to overwhelm any lesser scents .
she moaned , as if in pain , and yet the scent of desire sharpened tenfold .
screams and grunts were now coming from the room that held the odd scent - which was room two , i noted , suddenly seeing the small number on the door .
i had a shower to wash the scent of chlorine and jin off me , then toweled myself dry and put the robe back on .
after peering out the door and testing the air to ensure jin 's scent had well and truly faded , i headed back up the stairs to the changing room .
i hesitated , sorting through the more tenuous scents coming up from the tunnel .
sulfur is demon scent .
if it 's an old scent , it 's probably from past summonings .
quinn 's scent .
i raised my nose , drawing in the scent , trying to find direction .
quinn 's scent sharpened , and i had a sudden sense of movement through the air , though there was still nothing to be seen .
that 's when i discovered he could not only make himself totally invisible to all senses except scent , but that he could also fly . ''
blood gleamed darkly off the front of her shirt , and the thick scent had my stomach twitching again .
or maybe it was n't the scent of blood .
then her scent triggered the memory of the club and that odd smell coming from the second room , a smell that had been a little bit of desperation , and a lot of death .
the thick , raw scent of him wrapped around us like a blanket , making me sweat , shake .
as much as it sickened me to think she was enjoying the show and gautier , the scent only served to fuel my own to greater heights .
the heat , the acrid , male scent of him , rolled over me , calling to the wolf , making her hunger .
i might not know where i was , but scent , sensation , and instinct were giving very strong indications of what this place was used for .
i wished i could say the same about his scent .
blood and flesh filled my mouth , a foulness worse than even his scent .
the air was screaming with the scent and force of gautier 's follow - up leap .
the smel of hot sex , dripping sweat , and sem*n filed - latex had saturated the air along with the scent of the blood he 'd drunk from her - a lover whose name he could n't remember now .
the clipped , no - nonsense female voice stirred something inside him , as did her scent .
leaping the two story distance to the first escape ledge , raze settled in to wait , knowing his tail would eventualy folow his scent .
but i ' ve got her scent and i ' ve drank her blood .
about her mother 's scent , which was fresh like lavender soap , without any hint of the terrible alcohol smell .
shea caught the scent of a rabbit , and her body stilled .
the one bit of his memory that remained , forever etched into his mind , was the scent of the two humans and of the betrayer who had lured him to his living hell .
` ` your scent is familiar to me but elusive .
` ` i recognize that scent .
he recognized your scent , even called you by name .
i would know his scent anywhere . ''
the scent was overpowering , triggering the terrible hunger and need in her .
shea cried out his name , and the wind whirled the sound and roared it back to her , surrounded her with him , with his scent and the strength of his desire .
the stench was in his nostrils , along with the pungent scent of terror .
jacques inhaled sharply and caught the faint scent of blood .
mikhail reveled in the power of flight , the wind rushing against his body , the night air speaking to him , whispering secrets , carrying the scent of game , of man .
as he approached the rock where raven slept , he caught the scent of another male .
` ` then i am in your debt , '' mikhail said formally , working at controlling his loathing of a man who would leave unprotected a woman who had just given birth to his child to deliberately torment her with another woman 's scent on him .
three of the scents were unknown to him , the fourth very familiar .
one scent split off from the rest , wound into deep forest , came out near the timberline very close to edgar hummer 's cabin and dr . westhemer 's office .
while i am there , i will be able to pick out their scents .
her scent was in the library , mingled with his own .
mikhail had already picked up two familiar scents .
the sweet odor of hot blood mingled with his wild , masculine scent .
his blood was in her veins , his scent on her body , his mark at her throat and breast .
the human male claimed innocence , but it was easy to read lust in his body , smell the scent of sexual arousal .
the scent was a stench in mikhail 's nostrils .
the scent led away from town toward the deep forest .
they ran noses to the wind , lowering their muzzles occasionally to the trail to assure themselves that they were following the priest 's scent .
the scent was not fresher , not fading , simply the same .
` ` he is clever enough not to leave his own scent for us , '' mikhail observed .
he had the scent now .
he inhaled , caught the scent of game , the stench of death , the intrusive odor of man .
instinctively , mikhail shifted and circled to stay downwind so that any passing breeze could not carry that scent to the vampire .
the wind whipped up and carried a scent .
the wind swirled around him in a constant eddy , and raven 's scent remained elusive and faint .
she sent her preternatural senses out into the region around her , trying to ferret out anything that might be the scent of an enemy .
i will patrol the forest and try to pick up the scent of our enemies .
they followed the trail of energy back to skyler , but if blood is calling them , remember you also carry her scent as she does yours .
he followed her scent through the forest until he came upon a clearing of scorched ground .
he drew her scent into his lungs and smelled blood .
she sniffed the air , easily distinguishing the familiar scent of josef and the unfamiliar scent of his companion .
she sniffed the air , easily distinguishing the familiar scent of josef and the unfamiliar scent of his companion .
she is searching for a particular scent .
he caught the scent now .
it padded patiently through the brush and snowdrifts , following an elusive scent he could n't quite catch .
` ` i can not catch his scent .
his scent is eluding me ; not even my tigress can pick it up .
i could n't get a scent .
he was beginning to know individual scents now and it helped ease his mind .
he used his hunting skills , playing cat and mouse with them all , not leaving so much as a scent or a hair to tip them off .
you came closest to him , entering his burrow and possibly finding his scent . ''
julian inhaled deeply , and caught the scent of blood .
before he went in , he turned and inhaled the night ; seeking the scent of any prey that might be nearby .
the scent of fresh blood should have triggered the cats ' instinct to hunt , to eat .
she might try to deny it to herself , but he could see her response in her eyes , feel it in her body , in her scent calling to him .
his body was hard and hot , the scent of him filling her mind .
he could smell her wild scent reaching out on the night wind to beckon him , and the wildness in him grew in response .
to the male leopard , the female 's scent was as alluring as the most expensive perfume .
have the scents in the air when we dispose of those who now threaten you .
he loved her scent .
she was angry with herself for not masking julian 's presence in her mind or his scent on her body .
the storm was diluting the poisonous brew , but julian would know that scent anywhere .
the wind brought the scent of prey to him , and he altered his course with ease .
` ` you tied us together and you do n't even know my name , '' she scoffed , trying to ignore the scent of tainted , rotted blood in the room .
the scent of death was already oozing from his pores .
the scent of decayed blood so strong .
the scent mingled with decomposition of rotting flesh .
but nicolas had blocked the smell of decayed blood and flesh , replacing it with the fresh scent of the forest .
not the color of her hair or even her scent .
not to the scent of his blood , and not to his coaxing words .
when he tried to scoot back rather than go into that smaller , darkened warren with the scent of blood heavy in his nostrils , his body simply wedged in tighter .
he was hungry , starving even , and the scent of her drove him crazy .
lara kept her eyes closed , trying not to draw the scent of blood into her lungs .
was she so thrown by the scent and sight of parasites and silver eyes that she could no longer cope on her own ?
maybe it had been death in those eyes and the scent of decay ?
lara drifted down the long trunk , pursuing the tracks , using scent and sight .
knowing xavier , he would have given his assassin the scent of both dubrinsky and dragonseeker blood .
the scent of blood and bodily fluids was heavy in the air .
i do not recognize the scent , other than knowing it is dragonseeker . ''
the scent of wolves , restless beneath the moon .
she moved through the forest swiftly but with instinctive caution , fully alert , aware of the smallest of rustlings , the silence of insects and the faintest of scents that would indicate she was n't alone .
she murmured the words aloud as she glided toward the animal , deliberately stepping into the wind so it could carry her scent to the pack .
only the alpha female looked back , snarling and showing her displeasure at the unfamiliar scent .
the wild scent of wolf mingled with the sweet aroma of blood .
` ` the scent of blood is so intoxicating . ''
` ` what 's left of the wolf pack might come back drawn by the scent of blood , or worse - that creature with the claws beneath the ground .
she sniffed the air cautiously , searching for signs of anyone up , but she found only slavica 's scent in the kitchen , so she pushed open the door with stealth and studied the large room .
the scent of blood nearly overwhelmed him and every instinct he possessed demanded he feed to save his life and that of his lifemate .
the scent was unlike any he 'd encountered and he wanted to be able to recognize it anywhere .
his scent was on her skin .
the shadow warrior went after the movement of the quilt , drawn by the scent of the hunter .
his voice was grim , ` ` this leaves the same scent as the one you named troll king .
i do n't recognize the scent ... yet i do .
even the tiny hairs on her body acted like radar , much like a cat 's whiskers , yet she could n't identify the creature through scent or sight .
the tigress rose close to the surface , allowing her to utilize the incredible gift of scent .
with the blood and so much fear and adrenaline , it was more difficult to distinguish individual scents , but far from impossible .
if she ever smelled another woman 's scent on him , he would find out what it was like to rouse the tigress .
` ` you ' ve picked up the scent of our prey . ''
the scent of the undead was a foul stench to nicolae , even as the vampire tried desperately to mask his presence from the hunters .
and then he caught the other scent .
without the wound , he would never have caught her scent , and she had already dealt with the laceration so that there was no more telltale spoor for him to follow .
she stroked the priest 's thinning hair and tried to ignore the way the scent of blood heightened her terrible hunger .
he could smell her beckoning scent .
the sight and scent of your welcome when i have been alone for so long ?
the scent was of earth .
where was the echo of his call , his scent ?
he had smelled the scent of her blood in the night air .
the scent of her washed away every semblance of civilization so that for one moment he was pure animal , every instinct alive and darkly primitive .
her breath was still fighting to find its way into her lungs and she dragged in air , only to take the scent of him deep within her body .
the storm was a deterrent to seeking his enemy by using scent , but he knew the ways of the vampire .
he wanted the scent of the undead , the feel of him .
the clones tried to regroup to throw the hunters off the scent , but it was too late .
darius inhaled sharply , pointedly drinking in the stranger 's scent so that he could always find her , even in a crowd , always know where she was .
darius took up a position near the two deer , intending to drive them back if , for some reason , they got spooked , though sasha and forest were far too experienced to expose themselves or allow the wind to carry their scent to the prey .
i know darius took her blood ; i could smell his scent on her .
in barack 's defense , he likely thought he could manipulate your memories , as is generally easy to do with human prey , but he would not have harmed or killed you , simply fed , as , smelling my scent on you , he assumed i had .
he tried to be gentle with her , to see to her fulfillment before his own , but the scent and feel of her was so exciting to him that his animal instincts threatened to take over .
it brought the scent of his prey , sharp and pungent , to his nostrils .
` ` do you have the scent of our prey ? ''
he had the scent of brady grand 's companions .
the breeze carried the scent of prey .
her stillness , the scent of her fear , beat at him .
the vampire was high overhead , winging its way toward him from the ocean side , hoping the spray and sea salt would conceal his scent .
her scent reached him first .
she could smell his scent calling to her , wild and abandoned , like an animal calling to its mate .
the scent of her , the feel of her , was pushing at his control , calling to the wildness in him .
any of his kind would recognize his brand , would know she belonged to him just from his scent on her .
` ` it is easy for you to say so , when the scent of your woman clings to your every pore . ''
the wind rustled , picking up strength to carry the putrid scent of the vampire away from him .
knew his touch , his voice , his scent .
his taste , his power , his scent .
the strange thing is , i can not get his scent .
she could still catch mathew 's scent after all these years .
she could smell his scent calling to her , his very essence beckoning her .
the scent of him , the heat of him .
the very air around them was heavy with their combined scents , with the intensity of their hunger .
he knew each of them , knew their scent ; he knew his enemies .
blood dripping , he flung droplets in all directions and took off running with blurring speed , away from her , winding through the trees , spreading the scent along the leaves and shrubbery over a long distance .
and they hoped the scent of blood , when i was drained and starving , would drive me out of my mind . ''
hopefully he would only find the scent of a large cat and she would be gone .
she tried to block out the scent of riordan , but it clung to her body .
you must know them by scent . ''
juliette caught the scent of fear , of violence , of sexual predation .
the wind shifted completely , bringing the strong scent of the jaguar male to them .
the wind carried the scent of the women away from him .
she was running just ahead of him , her scent ripe with heat .
he carried her into the cavern , and following her scent , he found the dark chamber that would be safe from humans and the undead alike .
his rich scent , the power in his body when he moved .
she caught his scent and turned unerringly toward the small room at the end of the hall .
with the wind came the scent of danger , and francesca stopped dead in her tracks .
the scent of blood reached gabriel just before the soft choked cry that signaled a kill .
sometimes , if she concentrated enough , she could even smell his wild , untamed scent .
the wild scent was strong in her nostrils .
the wind carried the scent of game .
the scent of him , masculine and aroused , the scent of his blood , brought hunger , sharp and compelling .
the scent of him , masculine and aroused , the scent of his blood , brought hunger , sharp and compelling .
her head was pinned beneath his chest , the scent of his blood strong , his pulse beating , beating at her resistance .
the scent of blood was overpowering , calling to her , whispering a spell .
the scent of it rose to taunt her with memories she desperately needed to avoid right now .
she wanted to run , but her body was too heavy , the scent of the herbs drugging her senses .
he could easily smell her scent calling to him with her readiness .
the huge wolf at her side bared his fangs and nudged her away from the scent .
the vampire caught the scent of fresh blood , and his gaze rested greedily on the powerful , ancient liquid of life .
he felt the brush of fur and smelled the wild scent of death .
corinne craved the scent of him .
she was fiery hot , and her scent called to him .
the scent was there , although faded , as if many risings had gone by since the undead had visited this place .
she could n't afford the scent in the air .
she had the advantage of being small and compact , allowing her into spaces the larger jaguar males might not go to pick up her scent .
she took a good careful look around , scent - testing the air , before she went up the tree .
she inhaled the scent of the two jaguar - men .
she turned to slip away and caught a familiar scent .
she would recognize that scent anywhere .
he followed the droplets of blood , the scent in his nostrils , and like a bloodhound , he drove through the cloud of vapor , slashing with his sword .
i removed all scent from the area .
but he was there and now he has the scent of my blood . ''
the scent of the male jaguar was strong throughout the entire area .
they moved constantly , and she knew that once she 'd picked up her mother 's scent , if she missed this opportunity , they would never recover her .
the closer she got to that tiny house , the more the scent of her mother filled her lungs .
he circled overhead , trying to pick up brodrick 's scent .
he was strong , but he had awakened ravenous and the scent of blood only increased his need .
the scent was everywhere , heavy in his lungs .
the scent of blood , so much death , it 's calling to you , but i ' m offering you freely , as your sister , as one under your protection ... '' dominic 's breath hissed out between his teeth , his heart pounding .
and his scent did n't reach her until he chose .
she was extremely aroused , so much so that she knew her scent was pervading the air .
he caught the scent of arousal .
there was little scent to betray the creature , so he could n't identify it that way .
he would leave scent marks behind .
she crossed the worn trail several times , marking a new , very faint scent already fading .
rain was ever present , nearly every day at this time of the year , and helped to remove traces of animals passing along the animal routes , but this scent was distinct because she 'd never run across it before .
the shadow cat had liberally sprayed a fern where a male jaguar had scent marked , challenging the other male for the territory .
he had probably caught the scent of the shadow cat , and had come hunting the male who had been aggressive enough to challenge him .
we know he went into the water and never came back out , but his handler must have gotten him close enough to pick up my blood scent .
dominic countered the direction of the wind , pushing it away from solange so the creature -- whatever it was -- could n't find her by scent .
the mutated animal 's senses were all programmed for one scent , for one person .
he opened the door and the scent of blood assailed his senses .
he was having a difficult time maintaining , with the scent of blood so heavy in the room .
he needed the scent of blood to enhance the effect , and stared hard at the guard who was keeping an eye on them , his gun close , and his knife in his hand as he carved a stick of wood .
that might help remove her scent , but she doubted it .
hunger beat at them and the scent of blood was heavy in the air .
screams of terror filled the air and the scent of blood permeated everything .
dominic took to the air , following the faint blood scent akos had left .
he enjoyed the suffering and terror of his victims , and the scent of their blood permeating his clothing would heighten the memory .
his head bent closer , lured by the scent of blood .
use details , down to the smallest thing you remember about him , including scent and emotion , '' riordan advised .
testing the air , he could find no female leaving scent that might give the cat added incentive to fight .
` ` that foul stench hinders my ability to catch scents .
heat and his scent surrounded her .
manolito inhaled the ripe scent of her .
it was the display of a dominant male , one that slightly shocked him , but he needed to imprint his scent on her , needed her - and everyone else - to know whom she belonged to .
he was a dominant man , so much so that he had no need to prove himself to anyone else , yet something in him had needed to mark her , to leave his scent , evidence of their mating .
he knows our scent .
the scent of blood was everywhere , triggering not only the inevitable hunger , but aggression as well .
he could scarce keep his teeth under control , and the scent of blood was a constant torment .
he saw your mark , smelled your scent all over her , yet he touched .
the wind carried the scent of decay .
` ` because his scent is all over you - and all over me .
` ` that 's why you rub your body all over mine , to get your scent on me , and that 's a wolf trait . ''
his male scent .
the musky scent of the wolf and the heady fragrance of sex in the air - all combined to make her head spin .
the scent of blood was overwhelming ; the dead , mangled bodies staring with sightless eyes at the dark sky .
she tried to hook the tarp to one of the horses , he knew by scent and by the drumming of hooves as the animal protested being in close proximity to him .
she lowered the trap door and again swept the floor and even washed it , afraid the scent of zacarias 's blood would be detected .
the scent enveloped him as he trapped her in arms of steel and bent his head toward her slender neck .
he realized the moment he stepped into the room that her scent lingered behind , but she was in another part of the house , hopefully remembering her duties as a servant in his home .
the scent of blood hit him .
she closed her eyes and sent up a prayer that her scent was n't that of a woman desperate for a man , because if she could feel the dampness in her panties he most likely could smell her feminine call to him .
he loathed the scent immediately .
ruslan 's spies would have had no problem following the scent .
the scent of meat particularly offended her .
the scent of a predator prowling for prey permeated the room .
he needed to shed the scent of her beloved horses as well .
there could be no hint of her where the enemy could catch even the faintest of scents .
he made certain that he removed all scent from his body , and all traces of her from his mind .
the scent of his blood would draw the vampires like hounds .
the vampire raised his nose and sniffed the air , drawing the potent scent of ancient carpathian blood into his lungs .
allowing the predator to rise to the surface , he hissed a warning into the air between them , pushing the scent of dangerous predator with it .
more animals rushed toward him , but the scent of danger was overwhelming .
zacarias turned away from the battlefield , the lingering smoke and drifting scent of death , and walked back to the main house - back to her .
inside , the scents of the humans and the way they lived overrode everything of value to him .
it was the purr of zacarias 's voice , a stirring of a dangerous predator , one who clearly had caught the scent of prey and was locked on .
the scent of blood added to the frenzy of the birds .
` ` does the scent of my blood bother you ? ''
` ` no more than the scent of any blood i consume .
zacarias caught the scent of the vampire 's foul stench and he followed , using the droplets as a guide .
the scent of a hunter .
she allowed the water to cascade directly onto her face , hoping to wash the scent of him from her body , his taste from her mouth , the feel of his hard strength against her skin .
his ancient blood would flow hotly in her veins calling for him , his scent would cling to her .
he is strong and in hiding , but i have his scent and he will not escape the justice of our people .
rafael had no way of picking up the scent of the arsonist as too many volunteers had shown up to fight the fire .
why had the vampire 's scent been near the stable , yet the cause of the fire human ?
rafael caught a faint scent and switched directions , using a slow , steady circle .
kirja 's scent was strong in the trees .
a yard away , a large piece of raw meat lay on the trail , fresh , the scent wafting temptingly back toward the wolf .
it was impossible to see the vampire in the center of that storm , but the wolves leapt through the swirl of icy snow , guided by scent to attack , tearing at his legs and arms , the alpha going for the throat in an effort to bring him down .
the alpha marked every bush and tree in the vicinity to cover raja 's scent marks .
she could n't see anything , but the wind had shifted enough on its own to bring her the scent of blood and death .
she dissolved into vapor and streaked over the snow , staying low to the ground , giving the wolves every opportunity to take in every scent .
the snow will cover our tracks , but anyone will be able to track the blood scent .
i am careful there is no scent .
he realized he was drifting away from the scent and feel of her , distancing himself to prevent xavier from discovering her , but there was need in her that he 'd never seen before .
the scent of rabbit and fox was heavy , as well as that of an abundance of other forest creatures , all shivering in silence as the pack passed through their territories .
she let the fire take her , sweeping up through her feminine channel to her belly and breasts , while her teeth lengthened and she drew the scent of him into her lungs .
they still left their scent behind , making certain that anyone who might wish to track them would see the wide curve of a new direction .
whatever was guarding the couple gave off no scent , no spoor whatsoever .
the scent was so faint , even with the call of his own blood , as if somehow it had been diluted .
if the couple had skirted around rather than going through the colony , it would have taken them much longer , and the blood scent did n't lead that way .
i knew they could never follow our scent , even with the call of blood . ''
she entered the caves , looking down her nose at the guards , her expression haughty as she stalked through the tunnels , following her lifemate 's scent unerringly .
her craving grew until she could n't think of anything but the scent and taste of him .
there is no scent .
the moment they donned their flesh - and - blood bodies , the bats went into a feeding frenzy , the scent of prey driving them insane .
razvan pulled back his arm to throw , and at least a dozen bats , drawn by the scent of dragonseeker blood , leapt on him , the weight of their bodies pulling his arm down as he went to throw the oval - shaped canister .
the scent of her blood .
with his acute sense of smell he caught the scent of salt from the sea and the fuel from a boat tossed about on the rolling waves .
the wind also brought him the scent of man .
the scent permeated the room .
and he was either a family member or servant , sleeping in the palazzo , although the scent was n't familiar , or the intruder had left immediately after returning to the room , which did n't make sense .
does he have the scent of a cat ?
please , does he have the scent of the cat ?
the scent of the cat permeated the room .
it was difficult to tell if paul had the scent or not .
it reeks in here of the scent .
the scent of the wild cat was strong in the room .
she realized his scent must have been on justine .
she allowed the dog his own inspection , knowing scent was important in the animal world .
byron placed his palm in front of the dog 's nose , allowing him to catch the mixed scent .
byron caught the scent of the cat .
bringing with it the scent of freshly spilled blood .
it is a natural conclusion when you wake alone , and i return with the scent of another woman on me .
her mind nearly exploded with scent and taste and sensation rocketing through their merged senses , their merged brains .
the scent and trail would be fresh .
the borzoi easily opened the door to antonietta 's quarters and unerringly followed her scent through the palazzo , bringing a measure of relief to byron .
the cat 's scent is fresh in the grove .
the jaguar had deliberately used the water to confuse the scent .
many human scents were mingled together , impossible to pick out any that might have been a shifter .
there was no sign of the vampire and no scent of the jaguar .
the cat would go for the water to cover its scent .
` ` there is no mistaking the scent and thought patterns of your family . ''
the sight and scent of fresh blood was enough to wake the predator in any member of the breed , but all the worse for chase .
and as his legs crumpled , and his body came to a hard rest on the floor of the lineup room , he smelled the dark scent of his own blood pumping onto the field of filthy white linoleum in all directions around him .
breedmates , a rarity among their mortal sisters , were identifiable by their unique esp talents and personal blood scent , as well as a small scarlet birthmark somewhere on their bodies in the shape of a teardrop falling into the cradle of a crescent moon .
chase leaned in close , the beast in him snapping at the scent of raw fear .
his nostrils tingled with the scent of her fear and outrage , something more than simple homo sapiens adrenaline shooting through her veins .
her fangs throbbed at the scent of his spilling blood , which leaked from the stab wound in his side .
chase knew it was coming , but as soon as the scent of fresh blood permeated the room , his body seized in a violent tremor .
jenna breathed in the scent of spilling enemy lifeblood and felt the rush of a savage exhilaration race through her .
the scent of her blood slammed into him like a bullet .
without looking at him , she sized him up by scent alone .
tavia 's fangs throbbed at the scent of wet red cells , but the spike of adrenaline running through her had nothing to do with hunger .
nostrils flaring , he sniffed slightly , testing the scent of her against what she was telling him .
more rogues crept in from surrounding streets and alleyways , drawn to the scent of spilling blood .
it 'll make a muddy mess , but it 'll also wash away our scent and make us harder to track .
they sniff the air and pick up my scent , forcing them to draw back .
my scent is now overlapped by someone else 's .
and vampires love the scent of everyone 's blood but mine .
i freeze , remembering the smell of the fires , the scent of death .
they are not as quick , unable to decide if they want to run from my scent or chase the smell of aiden 's blood .
but when they smell my scent , they reverse their attention back .
they leave a scent so potent it travels for miles .
its eyes immediately bleed until it sniffs my scent and becomes aware of what i am .
i pick up sylas ' scent in the morning breeze and hurry for him .
haskell , clearly not in any mood for questions and maybe a little maddened by the scent of blood , pinched the man 's neck until he slumped to the floor .
gabriel started to flop at her feet worshiping her , but a change of wind brought a new scent , a new excitement , and the dog whirled , his keen eyes searching the shadows at the corner of the house .
he smelled damp earth and more faintly , the scent of something burning .
his gaze went back to the window as a gust of wind blew away the scent , bringing a fresh chill into the room .
the scent was faint , yet it seemed to be all around her .
just as bill had been repelled by bellenos 's scent , bellenos was repelled by the sight of me .
i needed to wash the fairy scent off me before eric and pam got here .
his faint musky scent put him as a were .
then i tasted against the back of my throat for the scent of sulfur that lingered over black magic .
the strength of his grip was surprising , as was the scent of redwood coming from him .
i caught the faint scent of musk , and by the soft reddish beard , i guessed he was a werefox .
it was probably only the lingering scent of sulfur that had kept him from finding me already .
and that led me to a scent shop .
your scent covers her , but her blood still smells pure .
a vampire 's scent lingers on anyone they live with .
a dark stain spotted his lapel , and the smell of disinfectant flowed from him , almost hiding the scent of redwood .
faris levered himself to his feet with a groan , and the sharp scent of redwood crashed over me as he came close .
the scent of urine and fear rose so strong , i was surprised i could n't see it as a haze in the air .
he 's got their scent . ''
they had lost the scent .
the club reeked of stale perfume and sweat , but the musty tang could n't mask the trace scent of fresh human blood .
the scent of fresh red cells slammed into his senses like a freight train .
although breed blood offered no nourishment to their own kind , the sight and scent of so much fresh , spilling hemoglobin made the feral part of chase coil like a viper in the pit of his stomach .
a gash ripped open on the vampire 's cheek , and chase could not contain the animal growl that erupted from him at the sight and scent of still more blood .
nothing extinguished his lusts like the scent of seed .
on his way down the mountain , he 'd caught this female 's ex '' uisite scent and had recognized what she was to him - the woman he 'd never expected for himself .
` ` your revealing a secret about carrow is like giving a scent to a bloodhound .
he 'd see , scent , and hear nothing .
he felt as if he were losing his mind , knowing she was near , yet finding no tracks , no scent .
he tried to tell himself he would n't have stolen her blood , but at the memory of that pleasure , he knew he would be lying - her scent .
then he hissed out a ragged breath , as if the scent of her were too much to resist .
then for him to know her scent once more ...
she could smell the sickening scent of burning flesh .
the scent of decaying matter bloomed with each footstep .
he was losing her scent amidst the chaos of smells , the pungent greens of living things .
amidst all the other scent threads , he again caught a teasing hint of carrow 's .
he followed the scent , leading them downhill closer to the water than they 'd been before .
his nostrils flared at the tantalizing scent of her arousal .
her scent , her cries , the way her body writhed wildly beneath his .
did the scent of blood make him hungry ?
the scent and feel of her was so damned sweet .
her presence , her scent , her beautiful body , her heroic spirit and compassionate nature - it would be a constant , relentless torture .
he breathed deeply , but could n't make out the scent of an animal .
he inhaled deeply to try to catch their scent , but they were staying downwind .
` ` usually i can tell a shifter by their scent , but the tigers always stayed downwind . ''
` ` from their scent , i ' m guessing they spend part of their time as men . ''
while i was pondering this , i caught the unmistakable scent of a smoking burner rising from the kitchen .
carlisle gave us the line , so that we could follow the scent properly , but then she hit the cliffs just north of makah country , right where the line hugs the coast for a few miles .
` ` it 's not a scent i recognize . ''
i did n't know the scent .
` ` maybe you know the scent . ''
our scent is all around her .
` ` someone was here - not a scent i know , '' edward explained .
i ' m going to get the scent of your visitor so we can track him if he comes back . ''
now , where is the intruder 's scent the worst ? ''
` ` well , the scent was easy enough to catch .
` ` things with your scent . ''
` ` they did not know what creature would leave such a scent , but they followed it , '' old quil continued .
` ` they found faint traces of human scent , and human blood , along the trail .
the one who is making the army is the one who stole my scent . ''
he stole my scent ... so that others could find me . ''
my scent is for them . ''
come at it from the west and you 'll be able to follow our scent in . ''
` ` the pack thinks it would be helpful to be familiar with each of our scents - so they do n't make mistakes later .
` ` her scent is too strong and , combined with mine , especially distinct .
our trace is all over the range , but in conjunction with bella 's scent , it would catch their attention .
if they crossed her scent before they found us ... '' both of them grimaced at the same time , their eyebrows pulling together .
` ` my scent disgusts you , right ? ''
` ` we 're going to see if i can confuse the scent enough to hide your trail , '' jacob explained .
` ` bella 's scent is so much more potent to me - i thought it would be a fairer test if someone else tried . ''
` ` as long as you do n't touch anything , bella , i ca n't imagine someone sticking their nose close enough to that trail to catch your scent , '' jasper said , grimacing .
the newborns are hunting , your scent will excite them , and they 'll come exactly the way we want them to without being careful about it .
when they catch our scent , they 'll split up and try to come at us from two sides .
it was twice as far to the clearing as usual ; edward took a long detour , making sure my scent would be nowhere near the trail jacob would hide later .
` ` the newborns have reached the end of the trail - it worked like a charm , jasper 's a genius - and they ' ve caught the scent of the ones in the meadow , so they 're splitting into two groups now , as alice said , '' edward murmured , his eyes focused on something far away .
` ` one of the newborns caught our scent , and leah took him down before he could even turn .
she crossed my scent , following the newborns in to watch - she never meant to fight with them .
` ` the volturi wo n't recognize the scent - they wo n't realize the wolves are here ; this is n't a species they are familiar with .
he gave us her scent . ''
she 'd smell the leather - and - spice scent of him , feel the kick of his pulse , see the sparks of amber heat fill his irises and the sharp white glint of his emerging fangs , when the desire he held in check so rigidly betrayed itself to her despite his best efforts to contain it .
he wanted to kill , not only because the predator in him was provoked by the scent of so much spilled blood today but because people he cared about - good people - had met with undeserved harm .
no musky male scent , no hint of wolf .
i did n't move , sucking in the scents around me , aware of the sharp , rusty scent of the hissing steam , and the piney scent of the man standing on the other side of the crushed cab .
i did n't move , sucking in the scents around me , aware of the sharp , rusty scent of the hissing steam , and the piney scent of the man standing on the other side of the crushed cab .
the air escaping from the house was rich with the scent of blood and death , but there was something else here , something that had the hairs at the back of my neck rising .
this house smelled like it had been abandoned for some time - and if the cloying scent of piss was anything to go by , it had been claimed as a squat for the homeless for almost as long .
the smell of urine was stronger , almost masking the scent of death .
but at least it meant he 'd leave a scent trail , which i might be able to track .
i took another sniff , just to clarify the scent in my mind , then checked the rest of the car .
running steps tended to be longer , the distance between each step - and therefore each scent mark - greater .
the stink hit harder the moment i stepped into the small hallway , filling every breath with the scent of death .
` ` you want to get me something with the husband 's scent on it ? ''
i took it from him and sniffed deeply , drawing in the musky scent of human male .
in wolf form , cole 's scent leapt into focus - a delicious aroma that had my tail wagging and my hormones jumping .
after scuffing around for several minutes , i caught the husband 's scent and followed it out onto the pavement .
cole was nowhere to be seen when i arrived back at the house , but his scent was drifting out from inside .
it was surrounded by factories that looked to be carrying the grime of centuries on their facades , and the air was thick with the scent of oil , metal , and humans .
i stopped near the desk , my nostrils flaring as his scent teased them .
` ` seems you and i are not put off by the scent of humans . ''
i flared my nostrils , sucking in the scents , allowing the lust and the scent of sex to flood through my body .
a shifter gravitated toward me , drawn like a bee to honey by the scent of a willing wolf in heat .
` ` they may be faulty , but the scent of a female lingers in the room , boss . ''
it was then that his scent actually registered .
because it was the scent that belonged to jared donovan , monitor island 's boat driver and serial flirt .
humans did n't have similar scents - they might all share a strange preference for covering their base scent with all sorts of man - made fragrances , but anyone with a keen nose could always smell past that .
i had no idea what was going on , and no idea if he 'd come in here to play or to hunt my scent , but i was n't about to make it easy for him , i tossed my clothes onto the seat of my booth , then , still wrapped in shadow , slipped onto the dance floor , releasing the shadows only when the bodies began to press close .
my scent , mixed with many others , creating a confused riot of aromas that no mere human - keen nose or not - would be able to sort out .
had to give that man time to forget my scent .
a scent lingered near the door , the sharp smell of a male , and i frowned , looking around .
then another scent caught my interest - that of a wolf .
i scanned the pavement , looking for the origin of the scent .
a woman struggled along with bags of shopping clenched in each hand , her very human scent tangy and not unpleasant .
the aroma of rotting rubbish , perfume , and the thick scent of humans rode the air .
underneath all that , the vaguest hint of death and decay - a vampire had passed this way recently , and his unwashed scent still stained the breeze .
the air ran sharp with many aromas - including the metallic scent of my own blood - but there was no hint of vampire on the breeze .
his scent was fading , and i could n't ` ` feel '' any other nonhuman in the immediate vicinity .
his sour scent told me he was the wolf i 'd smelled earlier .
to be sitting here on top of him , sucking in the scent of his anger and fear - to see the blood gushing from his smashed nose and split lip - was an undeniably sweet turnaround .
sweat popped out across his forehead and the scent of his fear increased .
and i so did n't want to get any closer to that thick scent of anger and death .
i swatted at it , trying to get it off me , my heart racing nine to the dozen as wilson 's wispy form climbed higher and the thick scent of hell seemed to encase me .
i simply turned and ran , following the faint scent of death and decay .
the shot had come from behind and above , and that was where his scent was still coming from , i scanned the rooftops as i ran , and saw a shadow flicker on one .
bits of wood went flying and the thick scent of unwashed vampire stung the night .
i swung around , following the scent .
my fingers twitched against the laser 's trigger and the scent of blood - my blood - filled the night .
and not when he was dragging himself toward me , the thick scent of burned flesh mingling with the reek of his anger , filling the night with his need for revenge .
a scent i could concentrate on , depend on , a scent i 'd recognize anywhere .
` ` it was the same scent .
the exact same scent .
but underneath them ran the tangy scent of males .
the scents were n't sharp , were n't defined , meaning there was some distance between us and them , but it was a warning that we had to proceed carefully .
there were no odors caught in the wood , no fur or scent markings to hint at what might have been here before me .
someone jumped down into the hold , and the thick , musky scent of a human filled the air .
i remained where i was , nostrils flaring , trying to catch any scent that would indicate that either jorn or yohan was close .
after all , not everyone was like rhoan and me , and used to the scent of death .
i threw myself sideways , restraining a yelp as a rock dug painfully into my side , then rose and ran straight for his scent .
then his scent filled the air and he was before me .
the scent of his blood would leave a lovely trail for the keen nose of a wolf to follow .
i nosed around the ground until i caught a slightly sour , foresty scent .
jorn 's scent sharpened abruptly .
his scent was coming from my left , but given the way the wind swirled through the undergrowth , i was n't relying on it to give me position .
i could n't hear the crash of waves , but if that scent was anything to go by , we were close to a beach .
but yohan 's scent was absent , as was the hint of any other male 's .
the scent of man sharpened abruptly .
behind me , the door slammed shut , and the sour scent of man spun around me .
he yelped but did n't move , and the scent of his fear was a wonderful thing .
wherever a person went , their line followed behind them , like a scent trail .
unlike scent though , it was something that was impossible to mask , and andy was no bloodhound to be put off the scent easily .
unlike scent though , it was something that was impossible to mask , and andy was no bloodhound to be put off the scent easily .
the scent of wet pavement rose strong , then vanished as the cement dried to a pale red .
the demon demanded , and the scent of burnt amber rose when it set its foot across the unseen barrier and jerked it back .
the heater was on full , and i breathed the scent of the vamp who had been driving it , pulling it deep into me .
it was the hint of a draft , the barest scent of wet pavement , that made my step hesitate and the palm streaking out at me past the archway to the kitchen miss my jaw .
the scent of his fear had tripped her past her limits .
this is a platonic date , and i ' m not going to break rule number one by mixing our scents before i even step out of my church . ''
another big man in a tux - a witch , by the familiar scent of redwood - was there to greet us , and he took both kisten 's and my coat .
the scent of brewing coffee became obvious .
the scent of singed hair rose and was gone .
the scent of burnt amber was n't my skin peeling away .
the faint scent of bane joined the smell of snow .
the scent of cold snow filtered in .
i was a sucker for the scent of leather .
the one that hid my scent .
washing his scent off me .
i dabbed a drop of ivy 's expensive perfume on me - the one that hid my scent - then followed it up with a splash of a musky perfume jenks once said smelled like the underside of a log : earthy and rich .
his small nose wrinkling at the scent of burnt amber , lee laughed .
i follow the scent , like a dog , down the stairs , past the library , and into the kitchen .
my nose tickled at the scent of two - by - fours and sanded plaster , and i sneezed .
i had n't identified that particular scent with vamps until i started living with ivy , but now i could probably tell with my eyes closed whether it was ivy or kisten in the room .
i knew our natural scents mixing was a potent blood aphrodisiac .
the scent of garbage and dog urine was strong , and i wrinkled my nose and pulled my jacket closer , looking for a spot where i could stay out of sight and watch the front door of the complex .
i had known mixing our scents was a blood aphrodisiac , but not how potent it was or that it could come on that fast .
the sharp scent of ashes came in with them , and i realized they had come in down the chimney .
the scent of books and carpet made the air smell dead as we crept into the gift shop .
i 'd purchased a disposable copper insert for spelling at a discount store , and jenks traded maple syrup for everything else i needed to craft the sleepy - time charms and the scent disguise spells .
i could smell a hint of chlorine on him over his redwood scent .
` ` scent amulets ? ''
` ` they disguise your scent so weres ca n't follow you . ''
letting him get an eyeful , i handed jenks his scent disguise amulet , then dropped mine around my neck , tucking it behind the collar of my black two - piece running outfit .
the musky scent of were filled my senses .
the scent of old smoke was strong from the nearby fire pit , almost hiding the rising odor of musk .
the scent of ash and decayed flesh was choking .
under it i could smell the packs about me like fingerprints , the scent of gunpowder on some , the stink of grease on others , mild , expensive fragrance on the rest .
thank god for that , i thought as i tracked the scent of snapped twigs , following jenks .
i went as fast as i could , my nose a good four inches above the ground as i tracked the sapling - snapped scent of jenks .
my muscles tensed at the scent of blood under the masking odor of chlorine .
` ` they ' ve got my scent , and yours , '' he added , ` ` but they are n't as obvious as nick 's .
if you still had your scent amulets , we might be able to slip their lines , but not the way we are .
his filth melted into the surrounding forest like camouflage ; the scent of infection was hidden by the reek of decay .
the sheltering roots made a roof against the open sky , and the scent of dirt was a pleasant alternative .
the scent of oil , gas , and nylon touched my nose , and a surge of adrenaline made me cold .
it was as if ghosts were passing before me , silent and invisible but for their scent .
` ` scent disguise ?
the cloying scent of fixative was a fading hint .
the large pixy waved for us to join them , and i felt a moment of worry that he had his shirt open to show his scent amulet .
` ` vampires are sensitive to the scent of cloves .
one was for scent , the other , an over - the - counter charm , turned his hair black .
i was on the floor of the van , the scent of the matted green rug pressing into me musty and sharp .
i smelled the hot meadowy scent of jenks before i saw him , and i straightened , sliding down to make room .
the scent of burgers and fries had come in with them , and it looked like glenn 's fifty dollars had bought less time than he 'd hoped .
the cloying scent of polish was thick in the close air , and since the rain had stopped , i shoved the window open with two gritty fingers .
the faint scent of were tickled my nose , not unpleasant at all .
the more magic you practiced , the stronger your scent , though usually only another inderlander could pick it up .
minias breathed deep as if cataloging my scent now that it was n't tainted by a sheet of ever - after , and my stomach knotted .
the sharp scent of cleanser was thick , and a cloud of it hung over her , glittering in the sun .
the scent of blood was strong , and my gut tightened .
beside him the witch 's nostrils widened as he took in my scent hidden behind the orange spice perfume i used to muddle ivy 's instincts .
the complex scent of were mixed with the smell of the riverfront , and i snuck a glance at david across the short width of his sports car .
head down , i hustled past her closed bedroom door , not wanting the scent of coffee to wake her until i was ready .
` ` it was still wrong , '' i said , and he patted my shoulder to send the scent of cheap coffee over me .
the scent of vampire incense made me feel even worse .
fear for what was coming beat the fear of kisten 's having lost it , and i pulled on his arm , the scent of old blood mixing with his usual scent of leather .
there was no scent of nick in the air , yet i could almost feel the stale magic .
wet from the bath , he had almost no scent at all .
piscary slowly turned , drawn by the scent of blood .
the scent of incense was n't vampiric but herbs and minerals .
i said , sniffing the distastefully harsh scent of bad incense .
the scent of the pool table rose around me , the combined scent of vampires , cigarette smoke , and beer bringing back memories of me knocking around the balls as i waited in a peaceful , empty dance club for kisten to finish locking up and our evening to begin .
maybe i was imagining the scent of blood , or the wrongness in the night .
the gaudy red - and - green flashing signs were off , and no patrons milled around the front of the building but the scent of blood and the sense of wrongness were stronger than ever i stopped near the trunk of a gum tree and raised my nose , tasting the slight breeze , searching for odors that might give a hint as to what was happening up ahead beneath the richness of blood came three other scents - excrement , sweat , and fear .
the gaudy red - and - green flashing signs were off , and no patrons milled around the front of the building but the scent of blood and the sense of wrongness were stronger than ever i stopped near the trunk of a gum tree and raised my nose , tasting the slight breeze , searching for odors that might give a hint as to what was happening up ahead beneath the richness of blood came three other scents - excrement , sweat , and fear .
that the scent of blood and shit rode the wind ?
or rather , undeath a vampire and if the thick smell of blood and sweaty humanity that accompanied his sickly scent was anything to go by , he was n't alone .
and the noxious scent of unwashed flesh that followed the awareness told me exactly who it was i turned , my gaze pinpointing the darkness crowding the middle of the road .
he should have realized that , even if he did n't know the reason for the immunity ` ` hate to say this , gautier , but you have n't exactly got the sweetest scent . ''
` ` some scents are stronger than the wind to a wolf . ''
three different scents were coming from the left .
the voice came from the left , yet the unwashed scent was still coming from the right .
the soft thump of his landing told me where he was , even if his scent was too close , too overwhelming , to pinpoint it exactly .
not the scent of the first vampire , but the second .
his scent was cloying , the minty smell barely covering the growing odor of death and decay .
a scent i 'd recognize anywhere .
the guards were out in force , but there were n't any vampires amongst them , and both jack and i were careful to neutralize our scent beforehand . ''
his scent got sharper , and a second later i saw him - a small brown man clutching a clipboard and wearing a furtive expression he stopped when he saw me .
` ` but a wolf never gives up once the scent of a chase is on . ''
` ` especially when the scent leads to great sex . ''
and there was a sealed cup steaming the scent of coffee into the air from the cup holder in the door .
your scent is all over the lab , and i confess , i have no explanation for that . ''
` ` he picked up claire 's scent at the coffee shop , '' eve said .
stretching my long legs out , i casually took off the scent amulet that was around my neck and dropped it into the fountain .
if i could n't break the scent trail , they could follow me all the way home .
` ` which scent was it , now ? ''
whether undead or alive , vampires moved by instinct triggered by pheromones and scent , more at the mercy of their hormones than an adolescent .
what it boiled down to was , the smell of our natural scents mingling tended to act like a blood aphrodisiac , making it harder for ivy to best her instincts , nonpracticing or not .
her small nose flared , taking in his scent , cataloging his fear and my concern in an instant .
ivy was n't the type of roommate who liked to play parcheesi , and the one time i sat with her on the couch and watched rush hour , i had unwittingly triggered her vamp instincts and nearly got bitten during the last fight scene as my body temp rose and the smell of our scents mingling hit her hard .
i snuck a glance at him as he breathed with a heavy slowness , his eyes scanning the patrons even as he took in my scent to gauge my state of unease .
at least the scent of rot evaporated , leaving only a luscious trace of wild heliconias and dewy orchids .
he almost jerked away from her , but the scent of fear and woman enveloped him , a sensual declaration of her appeal .
the scent comforted him - but scared him , too .
his scent chose that moment to surround , envelop , and submerge her , awakening her to a deeper level of need .
the flash of claws , and the scent of blood and sulfur .
she drew in the masculinity of his scent , closed her eyes and savored .
biffy caught lady maccon 's scent and turned instinctively to hurl himself at her , a new threat .
` ` or it is meant to throw us off the scent .
his scent was of open fields , even here in town .
it was the scent of mate , and lover , and partner , and fear , and something new coming .
near to that , twining with it , was the scent of young boy , fresh meat to be consumed .
will and munro followed him out into the blizzard , sprinting through the snow as he tracked mam 's scent and footprints toward the forest .
the sounds of screams in the order 's prison , the scent of death , the bloodcurdling sight of five starving succubae stalking him through wards filled with fire and dismembered corpses ...
he was suffocating , as if there were no air left on earth because only their scent remained .
besides , you ' ve taken her scent into you .
` ` i can still walk away , '' he said , even as her scent beckoned .
with grim intent , will started toward the source of the scent , munro following .
now he had to experience her scent for just a touch longer .
though will was curious to see the spawn of his enemy , he was enthralled by his new mate 's scent .
they followed her scent toward the front , now shoving creatures out of the way .
` ` munro , did you catch that scent ?
her scent was just as loud to him .
even under her bag , she could detect his scent : evergreen , copper , and ... male .
` ` i ' ve waited my entire life to know that scent . ''
his beast was already stirring , roused by her scent .
` ` and your scent . ''
this was his mate , and from the scent of her , he 'd find her nice and wet .
but her scent called to him .
another scent was now coursing through his consciousness .
that 's your scent .
her scent was human at the auction ! ''
her scent was still that luscious , ethereal smell , but now it was underscored with the faint scent of her species , the one other males found irresistible .
her scent was still that luscious , ethereal smell , but now it was underscored with the faint scent of her species , the one other males found irresistible .
he had responded nigh violently to the scent of her arousal ; he could only imagine what her strew would do to him ... ... munro had been trying to talk to him all afternoon .
` ` what 's the difference between that scent and strew ? ''
now he could detect the faintest scent of her arousal , making him quake , like a dog maddened by the scent of heat .
now he could detect the faintest scent of her arousal , making him quake , like a dog maddened by the scent of heat .
the beast inhaled deeply of his mate 's scent , and his c*ck responded , swelling like a rod inside her .
the scent of stagnant water and decaying - he wrinkled his nose .
the scent of rotting sulfur filled the air .
the scent of sulfur emanated from her .
gray 's steps were eerily quiet amid the tormented screams of dying demons , and he blended so well with the shadows she might not have known he was there if she had n't been able to smell the masculinity of his scent .
she knew gray liked to linger over a woman 's body , taking his time and learning every nuance , every scent .
jewel 's scent .
yet with every minute that passed , marina lost more and more of the girl 's scent .
she never lied , but when she did n't want to answer a question she had ways of trying to throw him off the scent .
the scent of sweat and animal enveloped him .
overwhelmed by the cloying scent of sulfur that always surrounded the queen , layel glided back one step .
should have smelled it in his scent .
those things hunt by scent , and we were n't exactly careful about not leaving a trail . ''
` ` we 'd best walk in the water for a while , to throw them off our scent . ''
possibly because i knew his scent , and felt safe in his presence , no matter how annoying he could be at times .
i closed my eyes , tasting the air , judging his whereabouts and closeness by scent alone , then raised the laser and fired .
several males gravitated toward me , drawn to the scent of a free and willing wolf as easily as bees to a honeypot .
` ` because he 's an alpha wolf on the prowl , and right now , it 's my scent he has in his nose . ''
the stiletto scraped its brow and skidded backward , drawing blood from eye to neck , the scent sharp in the fume - filled air .
it 'll erase your base scent for the next twelve hours . ''
at least if the wolf that had used me in the breeding center was there , my scent would n't give me away .
i was three - quarters of the way around the room - and feeling more than a little nauseous from the overwhelming wall of scent coming off every woman in the room , all of whom seemed to have bathed in the stuff - when i smelled it .
two of the scents i 'd smelled in that breeding center .
the scent was there , as strong as before , and it was definitely coming from the group of women just ahead .
i edged around a woman whose scent was so thick and orangy it made my already troublesome stomach threaten to rise , then moved closer to the group of elderly women .
yet the scent was closer than before .
then the familiar scent swam around me , confirming the impossible was indeed possible .
despite the disguise , despite my scent being covered , he knew it was me .
` ` what about her scent ? ''
yet her scent was exactly what i remembered smelling in that room , and it was also the scent of someone in my past .
yet her scent was exactly what i remembered smelling in that room , and it was also the scent of someone in my past .
but two people could n't have the exact same scent .
so why did i remember her scent and not her husband 's , if indeed he was there ?
i found the scent i remembered , only it belonged to mrs . hunt .
and mrs . hunt 's scent is very similar to the scent of a man from my past .
and mrs . hunt 's scent is very similar to the scent of a man from my past .
then you must have the wrong scent .
no two persons have the same scent .
i could track the assassin 's scent from there .
though the footfalls had ceased , the scent on the wind suggested the man had moved to the rear edge of the stairwell .
if i 'd walked away from the nightclub that night , ignored curiosity and the scent of blood on the wind , then maybe my life would have been normal .
the name , and the fact that he seemed sure he 'd find the exact scents i wanted , had me staring at him in disbelief .
they have the same eyes , and more importantly , they have the same scent . ''
even if it was a wolf up ahead , the wind was in my favor , carrying my scent toward the ocean rather than the stranger .
oddly enough , it did n't offer me the stranger 's scent , carrying no more than the night , the ocean , and the multiple layers that spoke of the nearby restaurants , shops , and exhaust fumes .
unless , of course , he had no scent .
everyone had a scent - unless it had been deliberately erased .
i had no idea who - or what - was ahead , but the mere fact he had no scent suggested that he was either a professional hit man or another of those creatures from the labs .
so i blanked everything from my mind , lowered a shield , and thought of nothing more than the thrill of hunting the scent of cat , then stuck my nose to the ground and sniffed around .
better yet , there did n't seem to be anyone close , a fact backed up by the lack of human scents on the wind but the wail of sirens could now be heard i was running out of time to do this before the cops got here and started searching the area for evidence .
the grate began to melt , and steam boiled , filling the room with the thick scent of burning flesh .
were they real vampires smelling the scent of a mortal ?
he 'd registered the exotic note of her blood scent on his first draw , but now that his body was rejuvenating , his senses coming back online fully , dante could n't help but savor the sweetness of his unwilling host .
the scent was distant and elusive , nothing manufactured by man , breed , or any of their collective sciences .
the scent was something exquisite and singular .
all he knew was the scent of that perfume on the night wind and the realization that the female was near .
something delicate , like heather and roses -- the blood scent he could trace coming closer to his apartments even as he stood there , glaring at the feral creature who stared back at him in the mirror .
only when she was gone , the scent of her fading with her departure , did he release his pent - up breath .
a male , judging from the scent of him .
he dragged air into his lungs , praying he could get a tack on tess 's scent .
tess 's blood scent was trace , but growing stronger -- too much so .
her blood scent was stronger now , a shot of dread hammering his temples .
she knew the scent that seemed to bloom all around her and spill into her mouth .
the vampire 's fangs were extruded , sharp from the battle and the physiological reaction to the scent of pooling crimson life .
the scent of gabrielle 's blood grew stronger here , drawing him to the sink .
and the torn clothing that lay in a discarded heap near his foot carried her scent , too .
at the back corner of the space , gabrielle 's scent grew strongest .
with gabrielle , just the faintest scent of her brought his blood hunger raging into the danger zone .
he did n't trust his voice to work when the combined one / two punch of gabrielle 's nude body and the scent of her fresh , trickling blood was slamming into his skull like a jackhammer .
lucan was n't sure where she had run , until the unseen thread that connected him to her by scent and senses brought him in front of an apartment building in the city 's north end .
if his sweaty , slightly anxious scent did n't announce him , the country music blaring out of his open window surely would .
lucan smelled the stench of a rogue , and the unmistakable coppery scent of human blood .
her scent swamped him .
` ` you carry his scent on your clothes , '' he said .
the scent of blood in the air drove them wild .
mondrian 's breath was fresh with blood , but there was something else beneath the metallic scent .
the light hurt his eyes , and the scent of blood on the both of them overwhelmed him .
mondrian had always been good at tracking , but valiance had never fully appreciated his brother 's skills until his scent stopped right outside a house with a magical border around it a mile thick .
he might pick up my scent . ''
and she 's probably nervous because she 's picking up your scent .
` ` why would a horse get upset over my scent ? ''
the animals are used to our scent .
sherry 's eyes widened as she caught phineas 's scent .
brynley glanced over her shoulder when she heard the emergency room door opening , then quickly turned her back as a man entered and his scent wafted toward her .
hopefully , he would think the scent was coming from phineas .
did she catch his scent ? ''
and once the animal inside her latched on to the scent of her chosen prey , it did n't give up .
she drew in a sharp breath , and her inner wolf latched on to phineas 's scent .
her inner wolf caught the scent of her arousal and clawed its way to the surface .
phineas understood her reaction the instant kyle 's scent wafted toward him .
i caught the scent of a pair of elk and gave chase .
they 'd caught the scent , too .
it covers up my scent . ''
usually phineas could always tell a shifter by his scent .
his scent is all over you . ''
when the scent of skunk wafted toward him , phineas knew what had alarmed howard .
caught a whiff of your scent . ''
` ` i recognize yer scent of jasmine .
he knew that qhuinn was right on his ass because the scent of disapproval contaminated the fresh air sure as mold in a basement .
bringing it to his nose , he inhaled ... and caught a stronger version of what he dreamed of every night : xhex 's scent .
maybe it was the fact that from where he stood , with every breath blay took he smelled qhuinn 's dark scent ... .
her scent was in the fibers of the weave .
and if she had come , she had n't stayed long or done much , because he could detect nothing of her scent .
he inhaled deeply , intending to let out a sigh ... and caught the scent he was throwing off .
as he inhaled deeply , he caught the scent of fresh blood and was surprised he had n't before .
there was a soft knock , and she knew who it was by the scent beneath the door .
he was drying himself off when he caught the scent of cinnamon and knew layla had arrived .
the scent was the hook that snagged her and pulled her through the keyhole of the abduction , tying her to her past , bridging the horrid span of the last three weeks .
jesus , john thought , guess his bonding scent was obvious .
xhex woke up to john matthew 's scent .
of all the ways he 'd thought this conversation would go ... his triggering qhuinn 's bonding scent was so not it .
she knew when he caught her scent .
as the scent of the smoking moss wafted over , darius pulled up the trapdoor in the dirt floor and went underground to his food and ale and his parchments .
xhex was n't precisely sure which farmhouse she was looking for , so she materialized in a wooded area off route 149 and used her nose to tell her what direction to head in : the wind was coming out of the north , and when she caught the slightest whiff of baby powder , she tracked the scent , vaporizing herself at hundred - yard intervals through the scruffy , mowed- down cornfields that had been lambasted by winter 's winds and snow .
yup ... that amount of oily mess was n't sufficient to explain the strong sweet scent she 'd followed -- so she had to assume that the inductions had been successful and what was hidden was no longer human .
with his half - mast eyes and his smooth chest partially exposed , he was ready , willing ... and , given the scent he was throwing off , able to be what blay needed .
despite the acres of fresh air around , the scent of blood was strong enough to make you clear your throat .
they descended the stone steps with pounding boots and sprinted over the packed - dirt floor , running after the lantern ... and the scent of vampire blood that was in the air .
the flare of her scent in his nostrils told him she was so on board with that plan .
xhex 's eyes flared as she caught the scent he clearly was putting off .
sometime later , the door opened and she heard once more the jangle of the dog 's collar and caught wrath 's powerful scent .
pretty good bet that he was going to die if he did n't take cover , but he did n't seem to care and the why was clear : his bonding scent was louder than any noise he could have made with his throat , the dark spice a roar that overcame every other smell , from the city 's body odor to the river 's sweat to the lesser stench that was wafting up from lash 's rotting body .
and if john 's bonding scent did n't reach their noses , the flash of that rock sure as shit would bounce off their retinas .
that scent she threw off was not anything by chanel .
back in downtown caldwell , tohr shed the cold and the aches and the exhaustion that gumshoed him and went in pursuit once again : the scent of fresh lesser blood was like cocaine in his system , buzzing him up and giving him the strength to carry on .
on that note , she inhaled deep , as if to remind him that his bonding scent was so strong , it knocked out even the stench of all the lesser blood splattered around .
trouble was , as the acrid scent of the male 's agony rose up and filled the room , it was impossible not to feel for him .
behind him , in the study , the king and queen were ... ` ` working , '' so to speak , wrath 's bonding scent thick in the air , beth 's hitched breathing very quiet .
the unmistakable scent of male vampire wafted over from a deserted walk - up .
her perfume was sweat and - xcor frowned , as he caught an unwelcomed scent .
and as he inhaled , he caught a scent .
and as she stiffened , he brought his head downward , a chuffing growl emanating from that deep rib cage of his , a dark , rich scent nearly permeating her sense of fear .
opening up the door , she got hit with her mate 's bonding scent : those dark spices were barreling down the hall ... and there he was , at the other end , standing tall outside her office .
that the feeling , the sensation , the scent , the taste ... it was his wellsie , not another female .
the scent of fresh vampire blood was unmistakable .
and fewer than three blocks later , he found what he was in search of : the scent of lessers .
breaking into a sprint , he shot around the corner of an alley and ran smack into a wall of scents that he had no trouble processing : vampire blood - two kinds , both male .
when she did n't reply , he caught her scent and had to tamp down an answering growl in his throat .
zypher inhaled in an attempt to catch a scent , but all he could smell was the musty , clinging stench of the damp underground .
the scent of fresh blood rushed into his nose and his sinuses , so thick he tasted sweet metal in the back of his throat .
as far as he was concerned , she could take all the time in the world to make sure she knew who was with her - abruptly , her scent changed , shifting into the heady spectrum of female awakening .
her luscious scent told him so .
in fact , it was the scent that had been in his room .
generally speaking , the scent of human blood was n't nearly as interesting as that of a lesser or a vampire .
` ` not according to your scent , you do n't . ''
her blood in the warrior 's body announced his arrival even before his scent came upon her nose or his body filled the jambs .
qhuinn was on the kid 's ass tighter than a pair of pants , and that was a good thing as it was obvious that all was still not well in john 's world : he smelled like his bonding scent , but looked like death .
the cold breeze coming through the broken windowpane in the door did not provide any particular scent , and that proved who it was : slayers would have stunk up the place given that both the prevailing wind and the shot came from the north .
shit , the scent of her cranked him even higher , until his orgasm abruptly became the rough - and - tumble kind , racking his body , throwing his balance out of whack , rendering him temporarily blind .
he saw her with great clarity and focused on the taste and the scent of her , the very essence of who she was .
the snow cover helped muffle the sound of his shitkickers , and thanks to the cold air blowing into him , he had no scent to give himself away - not that these fools would have noticed either .
even out in the hall , she could catch the scent of sex - a mixed bag of it , actually , suggesting there were multiples going on .
no sorting through the scents , either - she was having enough trouble staying on her feet because she knew at least one of them was john 's .
as xhex stepped out of the shower , she knew john had returned , because she caught his scent as well as the smell of something frickin ' delicious .
if vishous 's bonding scent got any stronger , it would be visible upon the air .
but your scent just grew more intense . ''
` ` your scent is even stronger . ''
jogging over , butch raised the hilt of his dagger above his shoulder , so ready to get this - just as he was about to strike , a scent drifted into his nose , one that was not just eau d ' enemy ... but something else .
hell , the scent of the wax still clung to the fibers and hide .
inhaling , he caught the scent of death .
no scent of anything but the fresh bread his marissa had baked earlier .
following the sickly stench , he cut over into the streets and weaved in and out of alleys and straightaways , tracking the scent as it grew stronger and stronger .
no remnants of lit candlewicks ... no scent of blood ... nothing but cool , clean air .
and butch knew when he was getting close because of the sickening scent in the air and the tingling resonance of the enemy deep inside of him .
and yet he had just treated her with such erotic perfection - and his scent had flared , so she 'd known he 'd been aroused .
as vishous stepped inside , the scent in the air probably should have registered more clearly .
i know it is true - your scent does not lie . ''
when you came back here and saw me in that bed - your scent was nothing about the condition i was in , and you are a coward if you pretend otherwise .
` ` they carried your scent .
and that was n't all : dark spices wafted up from him , the scent a warning to the other man that the female being admired was available only over manuel 's cold , dead body .
it was the size of them and the danger of the darkness and the scents .
` ` your scent is interesting . ''
closing in on the scent , she was animated by a deep heritage of violence and protection , her limbs and her dagger hand and her fangs prickling .
into an alley she turned , and at the base of it , she found the pair of slayers whose scent had called her forth from the river .
the scent on the air made his fangs elongate and his body thump with power .
the scent of the male in charge was beside her , however ; although he was frozen in place , so someone else had to be piloting the vehicle .
` ` i was down at the river , '' she said loudly enough so that all could hear , ` ` when i caught the scent of the enemy .
good thing he had plenty of ammunition to shut himself up with : all he had to do was think of qhuinn coming home a week or so ago , his hair a mess , his scent clouded by some man 's cologne , his swagger all about the satisfaction he 'd grabbed on the run .
the two had been hooking up for weeks , and the chosen had been in there again the day before - he 'd caught her scent and sensed her blood next door .
the scent of blood carried on the thin , wintry breeze .
except now that he was zeroing in on the source of the blood scent , he realized that what he smelled had an increasingly stale edge to it .
tegan lifted his head and sniffed at the air , searching for her scent .
the scent trailed off at a shit - hole apartment building in one of the seedier sections of the low- rent area of town .
a battered wooden staircase rose to the left of him , but elise 's scent was coming from the door at the end of the first - floor hall .
that , and the faint tickle of a blood scent coming from within the apartment .
she was bleeding -- perhaps not a lot by the trace scent of it , but it was impossible to tell much with brick and glass and three - inch - thick foam in the way .
she smelled toast browning , and the buttery scent of eggs sizzling in a fry pan .
and the scent and sight of it had sent her rogue attacker into a slavering fit of bloodlust .
it was the heather - and - roses scent of elise 's spilled blood , the bitter tang of her fear , which clung to the air like a mist .
and if so , he and elise might be able to shake their pursuers temporarily , but so long as they were leaving a blood scent trail , the rogues would track them like hounds .
wanted her hating him , especially now , when the scent of her warm , wet skin was drilling into his senses .
and the scent of her ...
the scent of blood and sex was ripe in the room , a potent fragrance that only reminded him of the savage side of his nature .
he had n't missed the healing bite mark on the woman 's throat as reichen had kissed her good- bye at the curb , but he had n't detected any kind of blood scent on her .
the rogue 's nostrils flared as his blood - addicted body worked to get her scent .
reichen 's scent was on her too -- a dark , musky undertone that set tegan 's teeth on edge .
the cloying scent of spilled , coagulating breed blood -- a lot of it -- hung like a thick shroud .
he caught the scent of a human - a young female , judging by the musky warmth that clung to her skin .
his breed senses sharpened , searching for the scent of his true quarry .
rio 's mouth curved into a smile as he sifted through the olfactory stew of the woodland air , finally registering the scent he sought .
he 'd been able to track her scent from the mountain into jicin .
the scent of the one he sought was fresh - too fresh to be anything but immediately present .
he heard dylan cry out , but it was n't until he smelled the juniper - sweet scent of her blood that he realized what he 'd done .
tipping his head back , he dragged the air into his lungs until he caught dylan 's scent .
he could smell the trace scents of the other breedmates who 'd been there not long ago to bring her food and keep her company , but it was dylan 's juniper and honey essence that drew him through the empty rooms toward the bedroom suite .
the constant dull pain that her scent caused me was suddenly fierce .
great - first her scent , then her ever growing presence in my life , and her unspoken thoughts ; now she was essentially handing herself over to me on a silver platter .
her scent c her attachment to me - her unreadable thoughts - how she was constantly needing me to save her , it all made it difficult .
i had n't hurt her , or killed her , instead her scent was becoming less sensitive and i had been able to let my desires take control and i held her in my arms , i caressed her face and brought my mouth so close to the base of her neck without biting .
there was the scent of something repugnant wafting off him .
tiny might not have been a vampire , but his senses were still acute enough to pick up the scent of new blood .
the scent of blood got stronger , a sweet , almost tantalizing scent .
as he moved , i caught a whiff of his scent and recognition dawned on me .
jasper had more trouble sticking to the cullens ' diet than the rest of them ; the scent of human blood was much harder for him to resist than the othershe had n't been trying as long .
` ` i barely notice the scent anymore . ''
` ` the scent will wash away with the next rain .
my scent would lead them here , whether i was here or not .
i sniffed my shoulders as i undressed , but i could n't smell anything but the brine and seaweed scent of the ocean .
the face , the voice , the scent , everythingit was so much better than drowning .
as i ran , the scent of the vervain in my pocket filled my nostrils .
the scent of the wagon was acrid , a combination of blood and vervain and smoke .
instead , i could smell the faraway scent of a fire , feel rough earth beneath my body , could feel my hands resting by my sides .
but instead of being vaguely pleasant , the scent was all - consuming and made me feel dizzy and nauseated .
the only thing that countered the cloying scent was the heady smell of iron .
i sniffed the air again , and realized that the scent -- the glorious , awful , damning scent -- was coming closer .
i sniffed the air again , and realized that the scent -- the glorious , awful , damning scent -- was coming closer .
just last night , the area had seemed desolate , but now i realized that it teemed with life -- the scent of animals in the forest , the flap of birds overhead , the sound of damon 's and my heartbeats .
lockwood 's voice dragged with it the scent of smoky , blackened wood from the destroyed church on the opposite side of the cemetery .
i had chosen this table in the crowded center of the room , as though i wanted to be in the middle of the whirlpool of mortal scent and activity .
in the temple , you caught the scent of evil .
it had the very scent of fanaticism .
once or twice , he 'd caught what felt like a fleeting impression of what might be the very specific sound , scent , and aura that unmistakably meant elena , but then it slipped away from him .
al the emotion in this room : the pounding hearts , the flushes of anger , the acrid scent of jealousy .
his head swung around in the direction of the scent .
with the way the rain had been pouring earlier , he could ' ve missed her scent .
somehow her scent was emanating from four different directions .
when he reached the source of the scent and there was no sign of her , he turned in place .
chapter 5 stalking her through the bayou once more , he tracked her heady scent - with his bollocks aching from her kick and his chest wounds on fire .
when she completely relinquished her bow and clutched the back of his head to hold him to her breast , the world seemed to fade away until all he knew was his mate - her scent , the sight of only her , the feel of her sensuous body .
the most mysterious female he 'd ever imagined , and all day and night , the mystery deepened - suddenly , he caught the scent ... of her desire ?
now the scent of blood arose .
had he really missed her scent ?
he followed the scent of humans to the meeting room .
all around , i detect your scent .
and a trail of crimson spatter led out of the room in the direction he 'd detected the vampire 's scent .
but then another scent impression teased garreth .
garreth had taken lucia 's scent into him and could find her from miles away .
they can detect the scent of fear from yards away .
and the scent of sea now smelled like rot .
` ` pure , clean human scent .
and as much as most wolves preferred natural scent over synthetic , right now i was just a little too overwhelmingly natural .
then the air was screaming with the scent and force of gautier 's follow - up leap .
his blood spurted into my mouth , a foulness worse than even his scent .
footsteps echoed in the brief silence , and i did n't need to smell his musky scent to know it was jack approaching .
one of these days the morons were going to wake up to the fact that their refusal to wash was making them easy prey for those of us who hunted by scent , and i 'd be in serious trouble .
` ` his scent gave his position away . ''
now that i thought about it , the man did n't actually have a scent .
but it was the underlying scent , the base rawness of death and despair that seemed to be leeching from the sand itself that had trepidation stirring .
it 's just that dogs of all kinds have noses designed to trap smells , and certain emotions are accompanied by strong scents .
` ` that may be true , but we are attuned to physical scents and sounds more than emotional ones .
the click of a gun being cocked one hundred feet away or the scent of a carcass two miles away , for instance .
emotions have no scent for us . ''
his scent was obscure , oddly hinting at earth and air .
` ` the scent of sex will inform moss of what he has missed . ''
though still covered in shadows , the horses snorted and shied away from my scent .
i breathed deep , letting the combination of musky desire and his more earthy scent fill my senses , my lungs , until the foul memory of merle 's body and scent had shattered and gone .
and with those scents came the sense of something else - something not human , not even nonhuman , but something altogether different , altogether dangerous .
we circled the ruined sections of building , and began to edge closer to moss and the guards , all the while keeping the shadows close and the breeze to our front so that it blew our scents away from , not toward , the men below .
and i had to wonder why they were wasting time thumping the walls rather than using their olfactory senses - hell , given i 'd been with kade in the hay and had then been surrounded in smoke and death , i 'd have to be leaving one hell of a scent trail .
because to breathe , i 'd have to inhale the scent of him , and even that felt like poison .
and the whispering wind would already be scattering my scent .
i stepped close - so close that any wolf or shifter would have smelled my scent - and lashed out with a bare heel , hitting the first man hard in the crotch .
the young were drawn by the scent of blood more than the need to help their parents .
the aroma of spice and leather hung in the air , but the relief that shivered through me was tempered by the fact that rhoan 's scent was heavily interlaced with the sweet , metallic odor of blood .
underneath rhoan 's scent came the twin scents of pine and ocean .
she moved forward , sniffing out a scent that led toward the trees .
kade 's nostrils twitched with the scent of old blood beneath the white cover of snow that blanketed the site .
and the scent of her ... warm skin , feminine heat , and the spicy - sweet trace of something even more elusive that he now knew had to be the breedmate 's unique blood - scent .
and the scent of her ... warm skin , feminine heat , and the spicy - sweet trace of something even more elusive that he now knew had to be the breedmate 's unique blood - scent .
the scent of fresh blood drilled into the predator 's nostrils .
he saw the bloodstains that had dried nearly black on the floor and walls of the hold - bloodstains that reeked of his own kind as the wolf drew the trace scent into her sensitive nostrils .
the sudden , pungent scent of blood rose up from the confusion of movement .
` ` luna 's tracking the ancient 's scent up the base of the mountain , '' kade said from beside her .
` ` the scent is gone .
luna 's circling around on the ledge below us , but she ca n't pick up the ancient 's scent anymore . ''
i have n't been able to stop thinking about your scent since i tasted your blood . ''
breathe in his scent .
i can smell the scent of burning flesh and feel the good in me dissolving ` ` i hated every second of it . ''
always throw them off the scent , she thought .
all vampires get some indicative scent from their maker , particularly when they have been recently changed .
but alexia 's scent was something else , something ... not meat .
they actually were wolves , at least part of the time , and scent did seem to be particularly important to werewolves .
as each wolf caught sight and scent of the alpha , he instinctively quieted .
for the scent was all open grassy fields and night air .
instinctively , he dragged the scent into his nostrils , trying to determine if the blood was jenna 's .
but she was n't a breedmate ; her blood scent did not carry its own unique stamp as did alex 's or that of the other females at the compound .
a breed male could track the scent of a breedmate for miles , no matter how faint .
jenna sighed as the heat from his body and the scent of him -- leather and spice and strong , deadly male -- enveloped her .
brock could just make out the subtle flaring of the gen one 's nostrils as the scent of fresh blood traveled the corridor .
she had n't wanted to get interested in the work the women of the order were involved in , but as she sat there among them , it was next to impossible for the cop in her to ignore the scent of a good information chase .
the scent of fresh , spilling red cells would be a beacon to every breed in a two - mile radius .
he threw an abrupt look at tegan and the others and saw that they , too , had picked up on the scent of coppery red cells .
it was hot , people were sweating , and their scent was a wave rolling over her and making her teeth ache .
i 'd caught the scent , struggled to get free of my seat belt , crawled over mabel , trailing the smell and there was an open cooler there .
elvi sniffed more deeply , frowning when she got a good nose full of the scent .
apparently , she had n't noticed the pungent scent , but then she 'd probably been a bit distracted with trying to get out , he acknowledged .
or rather , the scent of their coffee caught my attention .
the scent of nag champa hung in the air .
its scent was a mix of smoke and cologne .
the scent of burnt plastic rolled over me , and smoke drifted upward .
the scent made jeanne louise 's fangs ache .
his attacker must have caught some sound , or perhaps her scent , because the immortal suddenly swiveled his head , spearing the child with a look , his fangs still protruding and flashing white in the darkness .
the dark scent was his natural fragrance , only much , much stronger and with a different underlay that was all about sex .
moved by scent and pheromones , it was an ongoing ballet between us of want and need , desire and will .
the complicated scent of were filled my senses , wild , rich , and full of exotic undertones of earth and moon that most weres lacked .
i had n't eaten anything since this morning , and my mouth started to water at the sharp scent .
` ` do n't forget to pick up a charm to change your scent , '' i said as i went to get my shoulder bag .
` ` you wo n't be able to match cormel 's individual smell , but a generic scent charm ought to fool everyone . ''
` ` everyone except those who know his scent , of course . ''
he had taken my advice and picked up a charm to change his scent , and the delicious aroma of vampire eased over me , mixing with a hint of expensive cologne .
some of the stuff they did in the name of pleasure ... rex appeared at my feet , pulled out from the depths of the church by the scent of vampire , something she associated with ivy .
the heavy table remained standing , but the faint scent of broken technology mixed with the acidic smell of burnt amber and the rich tang of angry vampire .
jenks landed on my shoulder , sending the sharp scent of broken chlorophyll over me .
he shifted , the scent of vampiric incense coming clear to me .
the scent of oil and gas blended with a witch 's redwood smell , making marshal seem like a yummy piece of northern exposure .
in my thoughts , her body pressing into me became coated in the alien scent of angry , undead vampire bent on possession .
the scent of cinnamon and silk mixed with the bayberry candle and the scent of iron from the bell above us .
it did n't help when jenks landed on my shoulder with the scent of wet garden .
the witch went slightly green , and the scent of bleach seemed to grow stronger .
my mouth was dry , and i flushed when i remembered her slipping minias a charm to hide his demon scent .
she thought it was hilarious when her scent charms worked so well that even the instructors could n't tell he was a human .
his tiny features twisted with anger , he hovered before me , the scent of ozone dripping off him like the sparkles he was letting slip .
in it was my splat - ball gun with a dozen sleepy - time paint balls , three warmth amulets from marshal , a scent charm from david i 'd loaned him a while back , a small bag of salt , a piece of magnetic chalk , and a couple of other things from my dad 's old stash of ley line stuff .
his curly hair was in disarray , and with him was the scent of burnt amber and bread hot from the oven .
the scent of burnt amber caught at my throat , and trent reeked .
the scent of dry paste met me , and when a guttural cry broke the wind 's hush , fear slid all the way to the bottom of my soul and wrung every breath of courage from me .
the scent of blood seemed to pull whispers from the shadows at the christening pool , and though i knew it was my imagination , it was freaking me out .
the scent of burnt amber rose , almost chokingly thick .
there was a sharp scent of ozone in the damp air , and the scent of blood .
there was a sharp scent of ozone in the damp air , and the scent of blood .
my red curls stank , the scent of burnt amber obvious in the tight confines of the car .
i took a deep breath , drawing in the scent of the blood inside the humans below .
i caught the scent of a few humans , but i knew it was too dark and we were too fast for them to see us .
after a few jumps , i recognized both our scents .
about an hour after sundown , i caught a familiar scent , and within seconds we were on their trail .
i hoped only diego would care enough to fol ow my scent .
he'l catch our scents . ''
i fol ow his scent .
diego caught riley 's scent outside the house without trouble and then loped after it quickly while i trailed several yards back and about a hundred yards north , higher on the slope than he was .
how they did n't seem to be tracking their way in - not trying to fol ow the path of any scent .
he 'd notice that your scent was n't on the trail .
the sound of the thudding music that greeted my approach was accompanied by the unmistakable sweet , smoky scent of a burning vampire .
fred and i fol owed more closely than before because we could n't fol ow their scent under water .
i want you al to get a lock on this scent . ''
everyone was buzzing about the scent .
riley focused on a strategy he 'd been trying to dril into them for the last few days - once we 'd pinpointed the yel oweyes ' scent , we were going to divide in two and flank them .
it seemed like raoul was trying to lay claim to the girl by hogging her scent .
the scent of the shirt made them scowl and snarl .
it was n't necessary to give us the scent again ; we forgot nothing .
just thinking about the girl 's scent had venom pooling in my mouth .
i sprinted after the scent of the others , flying along the ground faster than i 'd ever run before .
raoul caught the scent .
the others near raoul had the scent , too , and then everyone went crazy .
even though i knew there were a lot of lies in the story , i could n't total y resist the scent .
the scent made it hard to keep my mind on the things that mattered .
did n't you catch his scent back there ?
i found the human 's scent and then raoul 's .
or was the human 's scent just overpowering me ?
i smel ed the smoke - the sweet , thick scent of vampires burning - carried back to me on the wind .
no trace of his scent , though i could distinguish the smel s of most of raoul 's team and many strangers .
the scent my whole body had been focused toward .
the sweet , wet scent of the most delicious blood i 'd ever tracked .
jasper snarled at me , and i tried to keep myself from moving , but it felt like the scent of her blood was a giant hand yanking me off the ground .
` ` did you know when cats rub their faces against you , they 're marking you with their scent ? ''
with only a fifteen - minute lead , he 'd leave enough of a scent she 'd pick up lingering traces of that as well .
it was as if a hot wind from the savanna had blown in , and the lions had caught its scent .
i could sense at least a dozen servants and family members in the few rooms nearby , their heady scent indistinguishable to all but myself , and the two dogs i knew were in the kitchen .
i 'd run up and down the streets until i caught the telltale scent of the herb .
the scent of nature soon gave way to the reek of sewage and rot that clung to even rich neighborhoods .
` ` you do n't need finely tuned senses to catch the scent of hell , '' i told her , ` ` but i appreciate the help . ''
but the place was quiet , with several old women sitting in the front pews , and oddly , the scent of decay that had permeated the air outside so strongly had evaporated .
why had lucius thrown me off his scent ?
her scent was drugging .
the scent of roasting flesh increased bettina 's nausea .
his scent and heat permeated her senses .
not to mention his vampire scent .
his vampire scent was just as drugging as it 'd been last night , making her moan .
daciano eased closer to her , again muddling her mind with his mouthwatering scent .
but her scent , her mouth , and her tongue were soon to defeat him .
close enough that she could take in his addictive scent .
night moths were calling to one another with scent .
it was the type of discomfort that vampires enjoyed inflicting , allowing them to inhale the scent of human arousal to stoke their own desires .
jasmine flowers woven into the cords allowed vampires to be guided by their scent .
he could place a hand on a deer 's flank , feel the soft coarseness of her hair , smell her scent before she darted away , startled , crashing through the night .
as legend claimed , he 'd caught the scent of her and had known .
but he knew from her sweet , entrancing scent that she belonged to no man save himself .
this man 's scent was different , not quite as exotic .
having caught his scent , the three naked human women chased after him and trapped him in a circle .
she tried to hold her nose , to fight the scent 's allure and the weakening effect it had on her .
she 'd know no scent but his own .
` ` i have your scent in my nostrils , moon , and can find you wherever you are .
the scent of charred hair filled his nose .
the women would then carry that creature 's scent and no male liked another creature 's smell on his lover .
but there was another scent ... his nose crinkled and he frowned , hoping he simply smelled the ones who 'd lived here before him .
the fine hairs on the back of his neck stood at attention , and he encountered the same faint scent he 'd smelled in his room .
scanning the splendid drift of the constellations , she slowed her scent and reached out with both hands to the west .
the scent of their blood was stronger in here , in the rising steam .
weep on account of the warmth here , and the scent of human things ; the sight of a living man standing before a desk , i swallowed .
but now she recognized the grip , she recognized the scent , and she understood the reason for the knife .
undoubtedly , they had used damon 's clothes to teach him to howl madly at his scent .
not the luscious and life - sustaining scent of blood , but something lighter , sweeter , and at the moment , while her bloodlust was sated , even headier and more dizzying .
for some reason she did n't understand , they flew open and she tried immediately to focus on the scent and feeling and color of whoever was bending over her , holding her .
their individual scents - different beasts inthe herd - closed in on him .
and she would give off a scent that was like a bouquet of all the first blossoms of spring .
he is hot on the scent . ''
sage estimated that there could not be even one molecule of the kitsune 's scent left in saber 's nostrils now ... ... but the memory of the scent ... that was still there .
sage estimated that there could not be even one molecule of the kitsune 's scent left in saber 's nostrils now ... ... but the memory of the scent ... that was still there .
i staggered back as the scent of blood invaded my nostrils and seeped into my brain .
i knew from past experiences that cities could be too loud , too heavy with the scent of unwashed bodies , too tempting .
the scent of iron was everywhere , although i could n't tel whether the concentration of blood was from murder or simply from the mass of people forced to live in such close quarters .
as expected , the air smel ed musty and sharp , like the scent of ale mixed with unwashed human bodies .
the drunk man who 'd been at the bar when i came in lurched toward me , the scent of stale gin on his breath .
when i emerged on the street , the scent of iron was everywhere , fil ing my nostrils and causing my chest to burn .
the scent was coming from the east .
the scent of the blood was overwhelming .
it was the scent of blood - warm , coursing , and close .
the scent made me simultaneously eager to feed and nervous .
that possibility was what spurred me to race back inside the warehouse , tearing through the crowd , desperate to find the source of the scent .
i yel ed in frustration , elbowing my way through couples and treading on people 's shoes , only fol owing the ever more pungent scent of iron - until i ran into a solid mass .
i sniffed the air , feeling the urge to retch when i smel ed the familiar iron scent al around , enveloping me .
there was something acidic about the almost - human scent .
and , overpoweringly , the scent of blood .
something familiar about the scent .
then she caught a full whiff of zander 's scent as he moved and could n't think of anything else .
the whole time she concentrated on not breathing , to avoid catching anyone 's scent , and managed to keep herself from sinking her teeth into anyone 's throat .
she could hear a slow heartbeat , smell the cold scent of a vampire - so unlike the scent of humans .
she could hear a slow heartbeat , smell the cold scent of a vampire - so unlike the scent of humans .
he was alert , stiff , like a wolf picking up a scent .
the scent of his fear filled my nostrils along with the smell of his blood .
now i could n't pick up his scent anymore at all , save from the envelope , which lay where he had thrown it down .
the little stone room was full of the good scent of the dogs , and i could sleep now beside them , and be safe .
i picked up the scent of mortals .
suddenly , i caught david 's scent , and i heard again the low familiar thunder of blood in mortal veins .
all through the long flat in the rue royale , one could catch the scent of the oil .
i would have caught the scent .
i 'd caught its scent as soon as it approached , but i did not see the animal until i came over the roof to the back of the house .
i 'd expected to hear from it before this time , for surely it would pick up my scent , know instinctively that i was n't human , and then begin to sound its natural alarm of growls and barks .
i struggled to pick up her scent , but i could n't .
i only caught the scent of the burnt cheese .
it was so weird not being able to pick up their scents , so weird not being able to hear their thoughts .
why , surely he could pick up the scent of fear that emanated from me as the sweat poured down beneath my shirt .
i caught her scent suddenly , mingled with the scent of the children , of the old man .
i caught her scent suddenly , mingled with the scent of the children , of the old man .
her scent was overpowering me - blood and the clean perfume of a living being .
i had smelled the sharp unmistakable scent of fresh blood .
but this david would not know , nor catch that scent .
as i stood silent in the corridor , i let myself breathe the blood scent rising from him , the scent that rises from all mortals , and which is different with each in its own way .
in that cafe in new orleans , i had caught the same sharp scent of life from this physical being , but it had not been the same .
and the scent of blood coming from the wounds in gretchen 's hands .
there was now another layer to her already complex scent , he realized .
- this island lacked the scent of enchantment that atlantis possessed .
the heavy stride informed her it was a dragon ; the scent of spice and darkness informed her it was tagart .
delilah found that she preferred the metallic sweetness of layel 's scent .
his scent wafted to her , and there was power in it , something spicy and male .
his ears rang , and the scent of death filled his nose .
no matter where he 'd gone , he 'd caught no trace of her scent - and nearly two days had passed since he 'd breathed her in .
after she bathed , hating to lose layel 's scent on her skin but knowing it was necessary , she dressed , wrapping thin strips of leather around herself .
she struggled until she drew in the scent of man , strength and blood .
but several females had already gotten a whiff of his nymph scent and were lingering , trying to catch his eye .
` ` it '' ll be a clearer scent .
` ` the scent '' s twelve hours old , at least- '' ` ` what are they doing ? ''
she carried in with her the slightly putrid scent of london and her own special blend of vanilla and machine oil .
he turned , tracking with small short sniffs , following the alien scent toward the back of the house and the servants ' domain .
he sniffed in a way that suggested the odor of rotten meat that undercut the scent of all vampires .
` ` husband , i do hope you are n't referring to that noxious smoke nor the scent of bodily waste . ''
but he was already gone , dashing out the door , nose lowered before him like a scent hound after a fox .
lost the scent there .
floote 's scent was so prevalent throughout the house it must be throwing her off .
when my scent reached the pair , they stopped fighting and backed away from each other .
i did n't like eating stuff like hot dogs , burgers , or french fries while tracking mr . crepsley : his nose could easily detect such strong scents .
she was jonesing for tiny , very aware of his scent and the heat coming off his body , wishing she could sit closer , run her hands over his chest and legs , nibble at his ear ... she did n't much care that he was driving .
the wolves and the vamps would catch kahli 's scent faster if they did n't .
everything from her soft skin to her scent drove him crazy and now she 'd know just how much he wanted her - and why he could n't have her .
his scent covered hers in the beginning , but she lost too much blood , otherwise we would n't have been able to track her . ''
warm breath washed across his face , followed by a rank scent that could only mean one thing .
growling from deep within her throat , the wolf looked at will like she was ready to jump on his chest and rip open his throat , but the scent of the packet distracted her .
the scent of blood , the promise of fresh meat , was too appealing for the wolves to resist .
she told herself it had nothing to do with his scent or his lips .
when the scent hit kahli 's nose , she froze .
if the room did n't have his scent , she would have thought they were in an extra bedroom kept empty for new servants .
your scent is utterly intoxicating . ''
the scent of burned flesh .
it was an or a strong wind whistled through the forest , rustling the trees and welcoming connor with an unmistakable odorthe scent of death .
he moved silently through the forest , tracing the scent of burnt wood and smoke .
the scent of burnt flesh wafted toward him , and a sick feeling coiled in his gut .
the scent of charred wood and scorched earth tainted his nostrils .
she does nt have the scent of a shifter , so i think we can safely assume she s human .
the wolf studied me silently , its nose crinkling over its jagged canines as it sniffed my scent .
they were heavy , and the scent of their hairy bodies was overbearing , but the warmth of the wolves was heavenly , and despite the fact that i was resting so close to the cave where a vampire had been killed recently , i slept in complete comfort .
they growled at him , but once they caught his scent they relaxed and sat , although they kept a wary eye on the munching little people .
our scent is similar to their own .
gives off a scent that girls find irresistible .
the scent of it carried across the room , slamming hard into niko 's brain .
lex needed him alive for a while , long enough for his scent to travel out onto the street and into the surrounding alleyways .
giddy from the violence , and drunk from the scent of so much spilled blood , human and breed .
nikolai smelled freshly spilled blood too , basic human stock , the scent of it almost overwhelming the closer he got to yakut 's quarters .
her blood scent , some dim instinct roused to tell him .
this time , he could n't play at touching her , not when her scent was intoxicating him as much as the heated silk of her core was driving him mad .
and even from this distance , niko detected the scent of spilled blood .
the darkhaven leader evidently owned a sizable chunk of wooded land , far enough out of montreal that the surrounding area remained widely undeveloped : acre after acre of huge conifers and evergreens , not a living soul in sight except for the occasional deer or moose that bolted at the first scent of the heavily armed vampire creeping through their unspoiled sanctuary .
i saw my own hands as i looked down , my own clenching fists , very ruddy and human , and quite suddenly , as if i were meant to smell it , i caught my own scent , the scent of my sweat and the dust from the road clinging to me and mingling with whatever in me was simply human .
i saw my own hands as i looked down , my own clenching fists , very ruddy and human , and quite suddenly , as if i were meant to smell it , i caught my own scent , the scent of my sweat and the dust from the road clinging to me and mingling with whatever in me was simply human .
` ` you are indeed , and the hall is filled with your scent .
the cloying scent of decayed water .
if i 'd been a vampire , i might have been able to find kisten 's killer by scent alone , but i was a witch .
a pulse of terror washed through me as i breathed in the scent of vampire .
i sniffed deeply for the scent of inderlander , finding only the dry smell of old concrete and dust , and i shivered .
last year , i would have said it was impossible to make a charm to cover an inderlander 's scent from another inderlander , but my mom had spelled my dad into smelling like a witch for their entire marriage .
i took a breath to whine some more , but someone had called his name , and he was gone , leaving only the faint scent of coffee .
` ` hi , rache , '' jenks said as he landed on my shoulder with the scent of cheap fertilizer .
all the way to the lot i scanned faces , watched the horizon , checked behind me , and breathed deep for the distinctive scent of were , vampire , or witch while trying to pretend everything was normal and keeping up my end of the conversation about new bands and what i 'd been listening to .
it 'd be easier if the scent was n't six months old . ''
it had to be someone outside the camarilla , or she would have noticed his scent the morning we 'd found kisten .
the front door thumped shut , and jenks darted in with the icy scent of a summer field on a winter night .
i wondered if i could really smell the scent of coal dust and shoe polish , or if it was just my imagination .
` ` it 's in my dresser , '' i said , trying not to sneeze at the sharp scent of cleanser as i jammed the dish towel over the rod to dry and started for the door .
thick in the air was the choking scent of angry were and the spicy tang of angry vampire , all mixing with the aroma of burgers , fries , and asian food ruined by too much grease .
there was a faint scent of orange antiseptic , and the one - sided come and go of a distant , professional conversation .
there was just rynn cormel 's increasingly familiar scent and the lingering aroma of half a dozen or so living vamps , ivy 's among them .
the scent is too old , and it 's not quite the same .
it 's like he was alive when i knew him , and now he 's dead , or maybe a large shift of status changed his diet and therefore his scent . ''
jenks 's wings clattered , and he flew close enough to send the scent of ozone over me .
he made his own charms and would know by the lack of redwood scent that they were duds .
marshal 's scent was everywhere .
my jaw clenched when the doors opened and the scent of unhappy vampire and angry were worsened .
i exhaled , but the vampire scent i pulled in after it only made things worse .
the scent of beef stew was heavy in my mom 's kitchen , but even that , combined with the homemade biscuits mom had pulled out of the oven when i walked in the door , had n't blunted my worry for ivy .
the scent of dust was thick as i took a breath to protest .
the master vampire moved aside as they mounted the steps , and i got out of their way as they walked in , nice as you please , the heavy scent of vampire trailing behind them .
` ` think happy thoughts , '' i whispered as jenks flew to me , and we both waited for the redwood scent that would tell me if i had done the spell right .
it trickled painfully through me , drawn by the scent of wet stone and dust .
tears leaked out even as i fought oblivion , and my mind rebelled , dropping me into a memory lost for an instant in time , triggered by the scent of dust , the sensation of pain , and the feeling of love turned into the pain of sacrifice .
vampire incense tinged with the scent of cement filled me , lighting a path from my neck to my groin .
` ` i do n't understand why you did n't recognize his scent , '' i said to distract her , but having her glaring at me was n't a vast improvement .
she sported the cloak - a red one because she was a scarlet letter - type rebel at heart - and as a backup , she also hid behind a magickal glamour that disguised her looks , the tone of her voice , and her scent .
suddenly , the scent of rotting flesh pervaded the crypt .
whereas lykae could recognize their mates by scent or even sight , many demon breed males could only determine if a female was his by mating her .
from this vantage , he spied river after river unfolding to the east , then caught the scent of salt water .
if you had no ' had your glamour on that night , i would have recognized your scent then . ''
her scent was still in the jungle - she had n't made it to the city and a flight out .
he jerked to a stop when he reached her scent .
he barely detected another scent .
yet when the rain eased and the moon rose high , his female 's scent became undeniable .
every muscle in his body shot tense when he caught the exquisite scent of her growing arousal .
mariketa had magically covered her tracks - and her scent - well .
mariketa 's scent was utterly gone .
but worst of all , worse than feeling his heat or smelling his scent or knowing his eyes were on her , was something more subtle that she could n't exactly define .
the previous owner , based on the similar scent to jamie , was his father .
or else she is very good at hiding her scent .
it was an inadequate word for what was going on , but it was the best i could come up with when his scent was surrounding me .
her scent has changed again , and i can tell she is getting closer .
when a noctalis changes , there is often a strong signature scent left behind that is hard to erase .
i ran exactly three miles downwind from him , making sure my scent would n't blow toward them .
the wind must have shifted , bringing her my scent .
the scent of his blood teased me , making my head muddled and my temper even shorter than it was normally .
there 's also the pervasive scent of blood that leaks out of anywhere humans are contained .
i had not seen cal 's house , but i knew i could find it now by following his scent .
soon i pick up cal 's scent .
her scent floats out the window .
i hope ava 's scent will someday drown it out .
i finally breathe , and the scent of blood claws at me .
her scent blows around the car , covering up the scent of the dealership .
her scent blows around the car , covering up the scent of the dealership .
they still linger with the scent of the thrift store and their last owner .
the overwhelming scent is artificial lemon cleaner .
i know that taste is tied to scent , and that if you ca n't smell , you ca n't taste , but that does n't seem to apply in this case .
i am following their scent . ''
the scent of something new , of the washing away of sins .
her scent was too much .
his scent is all around me .
` ` i smelled your scent on peter .
her scent followed me as i flew out the window .
i barely notice that i can smell everything , including my geometry teacher 's b.o . , the pot - covered - up - with - cologne scent from jeff swiggett , who sits in front of me .
` ` i was sweating in a swamp and the wind carried my scent .
he leaned forward to look past mark , who had thankfully bathed the scent of duck urine off him , to see who was at the door .
` ` what if my scent leads them to my house and my mom 's there alone ? ''
they can track only a current scent , not a lingering one .
` ` noir has caught a scent of your little buddy and he 's about to declare war on you to get him back .
the pungent scent of sulfur choked him .
as soon as i awoke , i followed the scent of your blood to you .
i caught the sudden scent of roses .
i had never laid eyes on him , caught his scent , seen or touched him or his garments .
almost all the blood drinkers were gone , but i caught the faint scent of a human .
the next night on rising , i caught the scent of david on my jacket , even on my hands .
gregory caught the scent of the human blood in him .
he caught the roar and the scent of the wind .
he caught the faint scent of the sheen of sweat covering viktor 's upper lip and forehead .
but they had been hallucinations , those ghosts and spirits with their clothes being a part of the illusion , and even the scent of blood and sweat or the sound of a heartbeat had been part of the illusion .
and i caught the scent of human beings .
the plaid coat was a long hacking jacket , exquisitely like a frock coat of an earlier time when fashion had been more daring and consciously romantic , and it fairly well concealed some sort of weapon , a large weapon that he carried - scent of wood and steel - without losing its beautiful shape and cut .
scent of fear , scent of rage , scent of blood .
scent of fear , scent of rage , scent of blood .
scent of fear , scent of rage , scent of blood .
the scent of the blood made him faintly delirious .
i 'd read that this pushed the scent up to a bloodhound 's nose .
naturally , it was in that narrow strip that sam found a promising scent .
elyna listened to the irregular rhythm of the jazz guitar and breathed in the scent of sixty or so humans crowded together in the dark drinking mixed drinks and listening to the music .
the truth is our scent excites them as much as their sweat pleases us .
quentin waved for the rest of us to stop a few feet away while he circled it slowly , the steel and heather scent of his magic gathering around him as he walked .
the scent was stronger here , possibly because of his attack on claudia , but there was something else i could n't place : it set my teeth on edge .
i tracked the scent back to the parking lot , where the guys at the valet stand said that a guy had caught a cab dropping someone off , a local company .
smith 's out there , and until we get a clue or a scent , we 're just gon na have to wait . ''
down by the willows , i caught a faint scent .
even as i picked up on the fresh scent - snow mixed with spoiled milk and rotting fish heads - smith rocketed from the shadows , moving faster than anything human .
smith was nowhere to be seen as i raced down the street away from the school , but it did n't matter : he was leaving a trail of blood that any cub scout could have followed , and his scent was so strong there might as well have been a spotlight on him .
putting his nose to the scent , the werewolf snuffled and trotted through the air , following the smell down and around , skirting through ranks of tall buildings , over the tops of trees , and finally to a rooftop where the team paused for santa claus to run his errand .
his nostrils flared with the scent of oil , metal , and people .
kitty glanced over to see him , but his scent reached her first : wild , the musk of lupine fur hiding under human skin .
his breathing and heart rate quickened , and his scent spiked with fur and wild , wolf trembling just under his skin .
he growled , his teeth bared , and an animal scent rolled off him .
he caught a scent - blood , thick on the ground .
breaking into a jog , she followed his trail , the faint touch of his scent , like a taste in the back of her throat .
if she could smell the bodies , she ought to be able to catch a scent of what did this to them .
prowling out of sight of the police , they found a trail , the barest scent of blood on the air .
they tracked by scent alone , but the smell of human blood was strong .
her nose flared with the scent of blood at the same time she saw the spray across the linoleum floor of the entryway before her .
` ` so he 's not the scent you ' ve caught at the last three crime scenes ? ''
he was using it to cover his own scent .
following his scent led me into the rich - smelling warmth of the kitchen .
` ` the scent lingering here is the one i chased earlier tonight .
but there 's also a fainter scent that 's the same as the one i found near the other victims . ''
even though most of the scents were old , a new wolf penned up in this environment would cause a lot more excitement than he was seeing : and a sixteen - year - old could only be a new wolf .
the only memory he thought he had was a vague one of her scent .
of course the school had some innocuous formal name to throw humans off the scent , but none of the kids used it .
for one , now that santa and his noxious scent were gone , he could tell that there was something funny about her smell , as if she 'd been drugged .
we were working a spiral , trying to pick her scent up again , when we got the word that she 'd been found unharmed at a house on the edge of town .
` ` will you be able to find the pedophile by scent ? ''
the scent of rot seemed glued to the inside of his nose .
` ` like i said , goblins are out tonight and i did n't want them to catch your scent .
disgusted with herself , mary ann pushed her tray aside , even the scent of the pepperoni pizza suddenly hurting her stomach .
just before he reached the door , the scent of peanut butter sandwiches drew him into the kitchen .
the scent of disinfectant saturated the air .
the closer they were , the headier his wild scent became .
the scent of it seeps from human pores .
` ` there are other humans there , so your scent will blend with theirs .
aden blinked his eyes open , suddenly noting the burning in his chest and the scent of sizzling flesh that saturated the air .
your scent ... '' ` ` bad ? ''
the scent of burning flesh rose .
aden growled , even as the scent of the vampire stirred up some kind of animal inside him .
but just like her , the scent had faded , leading nowhere , and he 'd lost her trail completely .
the scent of her had n't just lingered ; it had grown stronger .
he also caught the scent of something , someone , familiar .
then , riley lost the scent altogether .
the scent of magic increased , and riley slowed .
riley sped into action , mary ann 's scent strengthening the moment he reached the charleston motel .
her scent hit him with the force of a swinging baseball bat .
as she made her way through the trees , she endured the bitter cold , savored the scent of the coming storm .
even though the scent of their blood , the drum - loud beat of their hearts , had tantalized him .
mary ann was harder to find , we could n't get her scent , but the guards at her door gave her away .
like an engine had just been keyed , junior roared to life , the scent whipping him into a frenzy .
he sniffed - and at last caught tucker 's dark scent .
instantly the odor of blood intensified , but now it was mixed with the pungent scent of death .
` ` we ' ve got your scent . ''
third , the metallic scent of blood coated the air , whipping junior into more of a frenzy .
moonlight filtered down between the leaves of ivy , and lucas was close enough that i could recognize his scent - something that reminded me of cedar and pine , like the woods that surrounded us , as if he were somehow a part of this dark place .
his skin was against my skin , the cedary scent of him the only air i could breathe .
lucas glanced over at balthazar , obviously not thrilled that somebody else could recognize the scent i 'd worn .
at the word blood , lucas 's head tilted , like a predator catching the scent of prey .
either his scent had been lost when he died , or i no longer had a sense of smell like i had before , or both .
i saw him grimace as he took in the scent of her blood - but he did n't break .
i knew he 'd caught the scent of blood .
a forest hid its secrets even at the best of times , and in such cold weather , with snow thick on the ground , the bodies were hard to find by either sight or scent .
lorenzo 's scent lodged deeply within his predator 's mind .
he squinted at the ground ; the snow cover was too patchy here for him to track lorenzo by his footprints , but scent alone would do it .
for now he kept running , kept following lorenzo 's scent along what appeared to be a main road , busy with traffic .
but as he ran , he began to detect skye 's scent as well .
balthazar was in skye 's arms , her lithe body pressed against his , and he could sense nothing but the warmth of her flesh and the scent of blood just beneath the surface .
if constantia breathed in deeply , she would recognize even his scent .
the mere scent of blood had never been so distinct to skye before .
` ` arel , '' he murmured , recognizing the scent of the fellow sentinel .
or maybe there was a lingering scent she did n't quite recognize .
he could hear the rapid beat of her heart , feel the rush of blood beneath her satin skin and catch the scent of her stirring arousal .
or catching her scent .
the scent of her filled the air .
that was the most logical guess , although he could n't catch the scent of gunpowder or the metallic tang of a blade .
niko hid his shudder of relief as he caught angela 's scent .
reassured by the sudden fading of her scent , niko grasped dylan 's foot and twisted it to the side .
that explained the coppery scent .
her blood , her scent .
so swift the surveillance cameras would only catch hazy movement that would likely be mistaken for a dust devil , richart sped up and down the rows of vehicles until he came to an ' 80s economy car that bore jenna 's scent on the door handle .
though the bedroom door was closed , a male 's scent dominated the room .
the scent of multiple vampires abruptly tainted the air as gunshots sounded and the clang of metal striking metal disrupted the night .
` ` bastien tracked their scents to carrboro and lost them , '' sheldon continued , ` ` but marcus went after her as soon as he woke up and found her . ''
found her scent .
but not the scent he feared most .
` ` almost every time i ' ve seen you in recent weeks , you ' ve carried her scent . ''
he 'll just assume we slept together earlier and my scent lingers on you .
i wrinkled my nose and did my best to breathe through my mouth before i snatched open the multi - bolted door and grimaced - then snarled - when i saw where the pungent scent was coming from .
i caught the smallest scent of sweat on the air .
it was n't her usual noxious scent .
apparently it had n't been in emerson 's apartment long enough to adopt her scent .
but the scent was still there .
it was easy enough to slip inside and easier still to scurry around unbidden - vampires have no scent , nor any discernible weight , which means no footsteps , no creaky floors to give us away .
the blood scent grew stronger each step the light grew darker .
i could smell every scent in the vestibule - layers upon layers of clorox and urine , the cloying , salty smell of humanity coming through day after day and hour after hour - and the sinful , beckoning scent of nicolette 's fresh blood .
the scent of wood and grass filled the car .
once she locked on to my scent tonight , i 'd be toast .
though she was n't pleased at being ditched , she soon shrugged it off and followed her nose , trailing the distinct , musky scents of her favored pack mates .
the people outside turned to watch as she passed , their eyes flashing brilliant hues of green or gold as her scent - heavy with the reek of agitation even through the cloud of citronella - caught their interest .
aside from that , if he 'd been cheating , she would have smelled the scent of another bitch on him - so that was n't it .
and so now the memory of it came blazing back into my consciousness , awakened by the woman 's heartbreak and the psychosomatic scent of burning flesh ... .
veronica nodded as we rounded the corner to both the stairway and elevator like two wolves following a scent .
i loved the initial scent of a freshly lit cigarette , even if i was n't smoking it .
but the scent was n't coming from him .
his breath was tinged with the scent of blood .
anyway , i ' m quite familiar with your scent and i was soon on the trail . ''
your scent is all your own , and the way my own supernatural hard - wiring works , i can distinguish individual scents from thousands , even millions , of other scents .
the scent of blood suddenly wafted over me , coming from the far wall - from behind the mirror , no doubt .
chapter forty - two the scent of blood was nearly overwhelming .
after all , the scent of blood was much stronger in here .
the metallic scent wafted through the far wall of the room , that much was clear .
darkness lit by supernatural light and infused with the scent of even more blood .
i followed the scent of blood and pointed to the left .
a rustling of straw whispered in the quiet room as the hidden watcher slipped deeper into the nest of thatch , a perfect hiding place , using the musty , stale straw to mask any scent .
he did n't know if she was the source of all of this , if the leopards were fixed on her scent .
he needed the cats to follow him , luring them with his bouncing light , his frantic flight , and the scent of the child 's fever - damp clothes .
if the beasts hunted by scent or sight , he 'd wanted to do his best to convince the hunters that the girl was with him .
still , no matter how lost he was in a story , that scent always surrounded him .
it had been floating in a crimson puddle , its heavy scent interwoven with the hard iron smell of his own blood .
his mother had raised that particular breed because she adored the scent .
he was too far away , but even the imagined scent was enough to dredge up a long - buried memory .
then finally a new scent .
scents as out of place in this modern era as father rhun korza himself .
its foreignness stung his nostrils , but he preferred it to the scent of blood .
rhun 's head was swimming with the scent of their blood .
it was little larger than a badger den , but the sharper senses of tarek 's men revealed the source of the scent that drew her wolf .
in that scent , he read each heavy - pawed footfall , smelled each drop of blood , even as the creature healed and the drops grew smaller .
his plump body leaned forward like a hound on a scent .
a woman swept by , her heavy scent lingering in the air long after she and her partner had moved away across the floor .
the iron scent drifted into his nostrils , even as he held his breath against it .
he longed to return to elisabeta 's cell , to lose himself in the scent of blood .
she noted jordan suddenly sniffing at the air , like a dog on a scent .
the scent of his blood filled the cabin , but oddly it held no temptation for her .
vampires will be here soon , especially when they catch the scent of blood .
i slam my boot into its face , but it continues to keep hold of me , dragging me downward , sniffing the air with the scent of maci 's blood .
it howls out into the night and then the rest of them start to hover away , my scent frightening them as they deliberate whether to flee or feed .
i realize the scent of maci 's blood is overriding their fear , and without much more hesitation , they charge .
at least your scent may chase them off . ''
i know that the vampires are afraid of me , but sylas 's scent might attract them .
` ` they probably caught your scent , '' he says , yet he does n't sound completely convinced .
my scent does n't always repel them so easily .
` ` maybe my scent is n't normal , '' he says with a confused look on his face .
i can smell its putrid scent as it covers me with its decaying body .
it was only a matter of time before the wind carried the scent to the wrong nostrils .
` ` we have your scent now , '' i said , sounding less than human myself .
and when a human girl brushed past me and hopped into the shower stall next to mine , i caught the scent of her blood in the air .
the scent of it set the hairs on the back of my neck on end .
i kept my body between the others and the monsters , willing those beady red eyes to follow my movements , mark my scent .
i smelled the scent of his charring flesh .
a rustle of sound caught my ears , and i whirled around , catching the scent of sweat and human tears .
the scent reminded me of the last time i 'd been this close to the river - when i 'd taken a nosedive off the top of the ashland opera house to escape the cops after a botched hit .
i breathed in and felt my own stone magic quicken in response to the elemental scent of him .
the familiar , acrid scent triggered all sorts of emotions that were better left dead and buried deep inside me .
i drew in another breath , and the scent intensified , taking on a harsher , bitter stench .
drawn to the scent of my blood , the insects buzzed around my head in a thick , suffocating cloud , their high - pitched whines echoing in my ears like a hundred tiny chain saws and making me grind my teeth together .
even his clean scent seemed to have taken on a sour , bitter note .
but instead of coming back to me for more food , the dog caught a new scent and headed even deeper into the library - toward fletcher .
dixon was still facedown in the river , and i could see the silver flash of curious fish drawn to the scent of his blood in the water .
the bright sun only intensified the putrid scent , making it shimmer up like sickening heat waves .
behind me , owen let out a low , strangled cough , as disgusted by the horrid scent as i was .
mountain strychnine , from the harsh scent of it .
bullets pinged off the walls , the trash cans , the dumpsters , and even me , and the burn of gunpowder filled the air , overpowering the pungent scent of the garbage .
benson 's own scent filled my nostrils , the same alcohol - and - lemon stench that permeated the lab .
the scent of burning matches .
it was the only scent that did n't fit the usual odors of animal life .
i picked up this scent at the funeral home and trailed it here .
` ` so you tracked the sulfur scent here , then what ? ''
we fool his nose by masking our scent , we can probably get close enough . ''
to a human nose , all decomposition odors were similar , but in reality each corpse gave off its own specific scent just as it did in life .
it was a sharp , leathery , dry stench , unmistakably of death but not of rot , the scent of sinew and bone wrapped in a foul , foul magic .
i ' ve had the acclimatization training to accustom me to vampiric scent and presence , but it was one thing to watch a single vamp held tightly in check twenty yards away and completely another to be walking into the den of more than three hundred of them .
the scent signatures were old .
a moment later i caught another scent entirely : the bitter , clinical scent of embalming fluid .
a moment later i caught another scent entirely : the bitter , clinical scent of embalming fluid .
two werewolves in animal form swept the scene for scents , carefully padding in widening circles from the narrow mouth of dead cat street .
` ` if you hurt him , i 'll have twenty shapeshifters in your apartment foaming at the mouth at your scent . ''
not as effective as a wolfsbane paste , but enough of it will overwhelm the scent trail .
two in wolf form , scanning the scene for scents .
the scent of blood is faint and the ground is n't stained , but still dirty so nobody rinsed the pavement off .
i do n't know what they are , but i do n't like their scent . ''
no odd scent .
jim 's crew found him and tracked the scent back to the location where the beating had taken place .
` ` and they ca n't be tracked by scent ?
ahh , but derek had seen saiman at the games and recognized him by scent .
jim 's crew had chased the scent , retracing the trail of derek 's assailants , and found me dipping my fingertips into his blood .
the scent of a human body gone spiraling out of control into the depths of lyc - v 's delirium .
we also know that they disappear into unicorn lane , which makes them difficult to track by scent and magic .
chances were , they might have caught a whiff of our scent , but would suspect nothing when it turned right , away from their route .
no useful scents either .
she stopped at the crotch , shifted to the right , and repeated the same thorough scent search with the right leg .
inside the garage , the air smelled of chalky powder , the familiar dry scent of concrete turned into dust by the magic 's ever - grinding wheels .
no scent of burning grasses associated with illusion .
they did n't track me by scent .
atlanta 's streets are too polluted to provide a good scent trail .
it was as if an invisible magic scent somehow stained red , then julie , then me , and the reeves followed it like hounds .
` ` can you pick up julie 's scent ? ''
red covered his scent well .
spurred by their scent , the draft horse picked up speed .
` ` he 's caught andrea 's scent by now and he 'll report .
` ` derek could n't pick up julie 's scent at the scene ? ''
the lingering musky scent of a cat hit me .
you , on the other hand , can tell by the scent . ''
the shapechangers could find me by scent .
he sucked in the scent .
predatory , deadly , hunts by sight and scent , travels in packs .
` ` you left a scent trail a mile long and i tracked it to this house .
the only way anyone would be able to track me would be by drag marks or scent .
i was told that the pheromone emissions stopped within fifteen minutes or so of the transformation , they had left a lasting scent signature .
i gambled that his scent would be strong and my gamble proved right .
with no blood and no scent trail , nobody had any reason to connect the inn and me with claw marks on the door of a house several streets away .
it was a wild , nasty scent that slashed across your instincts like a knife and whispered straight into your mind .
` ` and your scent has changed .
there it was again , the scent of hot metal burning her lungs .
he did n't move - he stalked and prowled , like a huge predatory animal , menace cascading from him in waves along with his hot metallic scent .
the scent of heated metal rising from lucas was so thick , she almost choked .
your scent is weird . ''
after all , my mixed scents and hair were immediate signals to all the dark races that i was mixed - blood .
with it came the distinctive scent of male vampire - a mix of blood and musky pheromones , meant to disarm potential victims .
yet the scent of lust - both the sexual and the blood varieties - seemed palpable .
it 'd been a while since i 'd had any , but it was hard to mistake the scent of sex - musky and sweet .
that 's when i realized the scent i 'd detected earlier - the sex - was actually coming from him .
in addition to the oddly pleasing scent of mischa 's death , i experienced the sweet taste of retribution on my tongue .
the hall filled with the acrid scent of brimstone .
no telltale sandalwood scent , so i knew they were n't mages .
the scent hit me just as i crossed in front of an alley .
the scent of smoke and blood summoned me into the darkness like a bent finger .
the scent had followed me for most of my life , clinging to my clothes and hair when i came home from vamp bars .
after the constant barrage of humans and the scent of their blood teasing me , i appreciated the break .
lenny was a mage , judging by the scent of sandalwood coming off him .
the scent of burnt flesh stung my nose .
that 's when the scent of burned flesh hit me .
combined with tiny 's cries , the scent took me right back to watching hawthorne burn .
ignoring the scent , i tossed back the drink in one gulp .
the scent of warm blood and hot sex rose around us like vapor .
the scent of exhaust mixed with hot , putrid steam rising from sewer grates .
it mixed with the scent of smoke in his hair and the cheap cologne he 'd applied by the bucketful .
the blood had heightened my senses , and with every step there was a new scent , a new sight , and new sound to experience .
the scent of gunpowder singes your nose .
` ` memorizing your scent for the hunt . ''
` ` okay , i 'll ask the weres to sniff around , see if they can pick up her scent . ''
i turned to go tell adam , but the scent of copper hit my nose like a punch .
but when i sniffed the air i caught the scent of dog and relaxed .
catching my scent , his eyes narrowed .
my nostrils perked up when they caught a whiff an unmistakably pungent scent .
just as the air started to work its magic on me , the putrid scent of dirty pennies hit my nose like a sucker punch .
` ` i ca n't tell how many , but judging from the concentration of the scent , there 's several vamps nearby . ''
from the scent , i guessed cedar , but i was n't sure .
the scent of blood was stronger here .
the metallic - lavender scent of his blood and the lingering stink of violence made my throat fill with bile .
the scent of fresh human blood was strong even where i sat , so removed from the action .
the scent of bleach assaulted my nose .
` ` the scent of your blood is n't helping .
but the scent and taste of adam 's blood made her jackknife up in the box in pursuit of more .
the scent of animal blood reached my nose the same instant maisie 's body went stiff .
the scent of blood hit maisie like an electric shock .
i swallowed the bile that rose at the scent of burning flesh and brimstone .
but they could n't detect the coppery scent that made my fangs throb against my tongue .
with a sigh , i turned my back on the bagged body , the eager bystanders , and the scent of blood .
green smoke wafted under the door , bringing with it the scent of rotten eggs and urinal cakes .
` ` usually we 're able to clean up these messes and put the mortals off the scent of vampire involvement .
the air hung heavy with the aftershocks of violence and the scent of blood .
the overpowering scent of blood , the nauseating reek of decay , the biting sting of those black memories suffocated me .
` ` or someone wants us to think it was a vampire to throw us off their scent , '' michael said .
` ` a rogue wolf would n't make it far without me picking up a scent , but it 'd be foolish to rule any possibility out at this point . ''
now imagine the scent , feel the air . ''
despite the fear clawing my throat , i smelled the sour , sweaty workout mats and rhea 's sandalwood scent .
besides the overpowering odor of latex in the air , the telltale copper - penny scent told me she was a vampire .
or that i 'd puked my guts out next to the dumpster after the scent of tiny 's singed skin made me physically ill . or that slade had to come pick me up because i 'd been too out of it to make it home on my own .
the scent of tiny 's charred flesh and burned silicone from the sex toys filled my nose .
especially when the scent of blood reached me .
i paused , realizing that six months ago i 'd not even known what anise looked like , much less been able to identify it by scent alone .
the scent of blood filled the arena .
behind me , a pop and the scent of brimstone filled the air .
but it did n't disguise the scent of blood .
but now i called up the name and purpose of each herb in the oil by scent alone .
the primordial scent was oddly pleasing .
the scent of coffee beckoned me toward the kitchen .
no scent of dirty copper penny that would indicate a vampire , no lavender of the fae species , no mage sandalwood , or even the eau de wet dog that clung to werewolves like body odor .
the scent of brimstone and a high - pitched whine filled the room .
i knew it was him without looking because his sandalwood scent preceded him .
the scent of rot filled my nostrils .
the scent of burning flesh filled my nostrils .
needed my last sensation on this mortal realm to be his scent , his heat , the taste of his lips .
i held my breath and prayed that the hell beast would find my scent acceptable , but not appetizing .
for the first time in my life , the scent disgusted me .
the scent of blood reached my nose .
giguhl 's nose perked up like a bloodhound on a juicy scent .
` ` besides body odor and the scent of despair ?
beads and candy flew through the air , and every sense was assaulted by color and light and music and screams and the scent of spilled beer and the turned - soil - and - blood scent of humanity .
beads and candy flew through the air , and every sense was assaulted by color and light and music and screams and the scent of spilled beer and the turned - soil - and - blood scent of humanity .
and i let my sixteen - year - old bouda intern come with me , because he could track the beast by scent and i could n't .
i recognize the scent .
it 's not someone who is at the keep often , but i know the scent and it 's one of ours . ''
` ` i did n't get a scent because the odor of blood was too thick , but i was close enough to see the wounds in detail .
wolfsbane was used to obscure the scent trail .
no wolfsbane meant a slight possibility that somewhere an intact crime scene waited for us and shapeshifters could read its scents like an open book .
desandra knows the scent and she 's an excellent fighter . ''
` ` otherwise known as double d. '' ` ` her scent is all over this apartment . ''
they stalked through the room , pausing by objects at random , sampling the scents .
` ` then why did n't desandra identify the scent ? ''
her scent is on the bed and the linens , and her fur is stuck to mulradin 's blood .
her scent trail is separate from the others , tainted with blood , and older .
` ` i know we ' ve been following our own scent trail , but i do n't remember any of this , '' jim said .
` ` similar scent as in the hallway , '' he said .
` ` their scent is odd , '' derek said .
they are trained to remember scents and faces . ''
` ` and you are confident your people can recall seventy different scent signatures ? ''
i recognize every single scent . ''
i knew that shapeshifter scent memory was good , but i had no idea it was that good .
thinking about remembering five hundred scent signatures made my head hurt .
` ` i learn as i go , and the subject of just how many scents you can recall never came up . ''
do you know his scent ? ''
he 'll find our scent . ''
not a murmur , not a trace of a scent , no smudged image , nothing .
` ` jim 's people tracked her scent down to the honeycomb .
` ` no other scent trails with her ? ''
they had picked up julie 's scent , hit wolfsbane , lost her , and found her trail again at the crumbling highway 23 , except it was two hours old and mixed with horse scents .
they had picked up julie 's scent , hit wolfsbane , lost her , and found her trail again at the crumbling highway 23 , except it was two hours old and mixed with horse scents .
however , vampires have scent glands near the base of their digits .
the scent is very weak , but when a vampire follows the same route over and over , they create a tangible scent trail . ''
the scent is very weak , but when a vampire follows the same route over and over , they create a tangible scent trail . ''
` ` a loose vampire will naturally follow a vampiric scent trail if it stumbles on it , because there might be food on the other end . ''
i 'd say this is as strong a scent trail as you could get .
` ` since the vampire was already following the scent trail , i felt it was unlikely she would deviate from its course .
the message stated that the trackers had found julie 's scent on the outskirts of the city .
her scent was less than three hours old in palmetto .
my scent has changed . ''
` ` you do n't mind my scent , do you , dogface ?
i used to hope i 'd recall some details - a scent , a sound , anything - but no .
your scent is all over the bench . ''
saiman 's scent is two hours old . ''
his scent and the heat coming off him made me drunk .
i ' ve smelled a similar scent before . ''
a bitter odor filled the hallway , like the scent of chicken meat gone to rot .
he 'd tracked me down by scent and he came into the clearing roaring . ''
her scent made the shapeshifters uneasy .
their nostrils flared at the scent of blood .
madigan shifted his attention to me , his natural scent souring ever so slightly underneath its preponderance of chemical enhancement .
besides '' -another snort- '' if anyone got here by air that did n't belong , you think they 'd be able to get away with their aircraft in weapons range and several vampires able to track them by scent alone ? ''
not embarrassment , from his scent spiking with hints of kerosene .
undead masters might be able to cloak their auras , but no one could fully erase their scent .
a couple sniffs told me that no other vampires were in the store but me and bones , and i did n't catch the earthy scent of any ghouls , either .
chris bristled , his cheeks becoming ruddier above his beard while his scent flared with anger .
bones 's scent and the scrape of his emotions across mine let me know how much he did n't like the idea of my going alone , but at last , he nodded .
my nails dug into my palms until the scent of blood made me stop .
his scent radiated the distinct , rotten fruit smell of fear over the stench of way too much cologne , and stray thoughts leaked out between his now - deafening roar of what fifteen minutes could save on insurance .
now that they have your scent , they can follow its trail right to that big stone device we 're told is in there . ''
the scent of blood and death was also heavy , clinging to the clothes of the survivors as well as emanating from the lost .
spade descended from the night 's canvass , and sarah reared back , the scent of fear exploding out of her pores .
even so , kramer 's presence seemed to loom in the house , mocking us from the scent of blood permeating through the closed bedroom door where denise had been shot to the jars of sage that we had to keep refilling and relighting .
the harsh scent of gasoline filled my nostrils without my needing to take in a breath .
the front doors were all in a line facing the parking lot , with the fresh air chasing away most of the telltale scents of their occupants , but i caught a whiff of something inhuman coming from the second to last unit .
the scent of death was unmistakable .
if we were lucky , bones might recognize the scent from one of the murderers .
in his two hundred and twenty - plus years as a vampire , he 'd come across a lot of undead people , and scent was as unique as a fingerprint .
i did n't need to look back to know that ed made a slice into his palm ; the tantalizing new scent of blood told me that .
the scent of blood flavored the air with a faint , coppery tang , probably tickling bones 's taste buds but doing nothing for mine because it was human blood , not vampire .
i could n't hear his thoughts , but timmie 's scent was a mix of excitement , fear , and determination .
then her scent changed , souring from her natural jasmine base to a harsher aroma of agitation .
the air around her thickened as her scent changed even more , now tinged with faint undertones of sulfur .
his power throbbed beneath my hands , the scent of his lust heavy in the air .
i stopped , trying to feel the air with my senses to catch any supernatural vibes on it , plus taking in a deep breath to see if i caught the earthy scent of ghouls .
if i ' m close , i can listen to the thoughts of any humans they might employ , as well as scent the area to see if apollyon 's been there - and before you tell me you can do all these things , of the three of us , i am better equipped to escape should my presence be detected . ''
not the hospital gown he 'd previously refused to wear , the ekg machine that showed his shockingly low blood pressure , or the heavy scent of what i now knew was cancer .
besides '' - another snort - ` ` if anyone got here by air that did n't belong , you think they 'd be able to get away with their aircraft in missile range and several vampires able to track them by scent alone ? ''
the room was also rich with the scents of spade , bones , mencheres , and others who had been here before us .
fear , rage , and frustration boiled up in me to form a harsh scent , like burning plastic .
if only there was a way i could cover my tension with the scent of eau de brass balls instead .
apollyon moved past me reeking with anger - i was getting good at this scent thing !
the harsh scent of my desperation floated around me .
he did n't need my transmitter to track me ; he could do it by scent .
maybe he was gauging my emotions by my scent .
` ` your temper and scent are exciting him , '' zero responded in a flat tone .
to a vampire in a controlling position , it was the sweet scent of victory .
once i got there , i followed tate 's scent from the pharmacy back here . ''
you have made women even more appealing to me , ah , the scent of them .
the one called paul had recently cleaned the gun in his jacket ; the scent of oiled metal was palpable even above the odors of garlic , spaghetti and meatballs .
he could smell it in the way her scent changed around him , the way her heart beat faster when he stared at her , and the way her body leaned toward his even as her eyes were rimmed with caution .
the thought of her scent surrounding him while he filled his mouth with her juices made his blood nearly scream to travel elsewhere .
` ` the scent , pet , '' he replied instantly .
his scent 's here . ''
bones nosed around the room like a deadly blond canine , following the scent back down the stairs .
i was n't used to diagnosing things by scent .
bones waited for me in the other guest room and i went straight into his arms , breathing in the scent of him .
a close second to the cacophony of scents was sound .
` ` with the stench from all the different coppers in here , i ' m amazed you could even decipher the lalauries ' scent . ''
jelani was acting as if none of this affected him , but his scent was of fear ... and hatred .
` ` you ' ve never told me how you know delphine and louis 's scent to recognize it , '' bones stated .
i arrived too late to save her , but i 'll never forget their scent . ''
same male and female scent from the other flat .
her heartbeat and scent were screaming that to him .
bones gritted his teeth and continued on , cursing the people in his way , the blaring music , the bloody beads , the myriad smells that made delphine impossible to track by scent , and the cajun hitter determined to mount him on his trophy wall .
the scent of pure torment wafted off him , but bones did n't loosen his grip .
even with the scent of countless people trampling through the air , he could still smell delphine .
delphine 's scent had n't been on it before , the many other times bones had walked past this house .
bones inhaled , trying to track becca by scent , and then swore .
the room stank of embalming fluid , a noxious scent that masked damn near everything else .
just more furniture with dust covers over them and that noxious embalming odor that neutered his ability to track anything by scent .
there was the scent of the embalming fluid , becca 's blood , and something else .
i had bled on it and it still held the barest scent of one man . ''
` ` was the scent the same as mine ? ''
` ` to be honest with you , the scent was so faint by then i could n't tell you if it was yours or not . ''
not to mention his scent .
chapter nine the scent of black bear attacked me right before i froze , muscled arms enveloping me from behind and warm lips landing on the side of my throat , followed by a deep rumble .
i felt another hand on me , which i could tell was bindi 's from the scent , and i felt a mage 's healing magic pulse around my head .
but it did n't mean i could n't scent up his sheets , which luckily for him , held no scent of sexual fluids whatsoever .
though his tone was perfectly pleasant , his tense body and too tight hold said otherwise , and his scent was a little off since he reeked of aggressiveness .
i silently prayed that by the time philip showed up the scent of warfare would be too heavy in the air to smell us .
hopefully that was enough chaos and blood to hide our scents .
no one knows his scent . ''
there was no scent of blood in the air ; she was fortunate not to have cut herself .
her scent was cloying , and it was mixed with him .
the two scents did n't mingle together well .
i blinked , my attention swinging to the woman , her own natural scent bugging the hell out of me .
lying on this bed was n't helping either , since his scent was all over it .
he bit violently enough to draw blood , the scent faint on the air .
shifter 's sexual fluids smelled like their animal , so any shifter would be able to tell he had just slept with a wolf shifter , and any shifter who knew my scent well enough would know it was me .
the scent was truth .
his own lips lifted in recognition that i knew he was something else where scents were involved .
i scented the air , and realized ezra 's scent was no longer close .
any shifter male knows by scent alone . ''
the only indication he was shifter was the heavy scent of wolf pouring from him , thanks to a recent shift .
not only were all four of our scents on it , which was n't a huge deal since we were currently all using it , but there was the tiny fact that ezra and my combined sexual scents might remain .
not only were all four of our scents on it , which was n't a huge deal since we were currently all using it , but there was the tiny fact that ezra and my combined sexual scents might remain .
just as my own nostrils flared to test the scent , a flash of golden light shone from above us .
i knew i did n't like her scent on him , that was for f**k sure .
` ` i do n't like her scent on you . ''
ezra 's scent was dissipating and that damn fireplace was tickling my nose .
his scent was somewhere in the middle .
it was the scent of cinder and wood ... and fuel .
additionally , the smell of lion hung heavily in the air , along with an old , fading scent of ... i sniffed again ... jackal .
there had been too much blood , i could tell from the fading scent , but i needed to double - check .
there was a bit of desperation to his tone , truth his scent .
there was the scent in the air of plenty of blood , and dark splatters of blood all along one of the walls , each area rounded and curved into the sheet rock as if antonio 's head had gone through it repeatedly .
the scent is n't as strong as it was last night , but it 's still noticeable . ''
when we stilled at his comment , both of us forgetting about my sexual scent being all over ezra , lynn stood , cracking his back , and switched topics altogether .
by the scent , they were all silver bullets .
there were so many scents they were hard to distinguish , but i was fairly positive , the scent alive and strong , that his dad and , another sniff , bindi were through the open door at the end of the room and to the left .
his scent was wrong , the smell of silver clinging .
i knew instantly - her scent surrounding me - it was because she had been practicing dark magic for a very long time .
my first real scent of him since the silver had evaporated .
i sniffed again , lifting my head to the scent , my fangs descending .
i did n't know this person 's scent , and my eyes slitted as i focused , trying to remember any details .
i sniffed long and hard , antonio now watching me closely , and i met his gaze as i held in the scent that was barely there ... but , dammit , i was still unable to remember whose shirt or whose scent this was .
i knew that scent , but i could n't place it immediately .
it had been over two years since i had scented him last , but he had been in my life for so long there was no disguising his scent , especially with my shifter power now awakened .
the scent heavenly to my senses , my stomach chose that moment to growl in sympathy and agreement .
the scent intensifying the closer we got , i murmured , ` ` maybe , we can find something on the way back to the debriefing ? ''
i breathed shallowly , trying to fight my way through this lingering , unwanted arousal , but all i could smell was our dueling scents under here .
after a moment , i did n't need scents to tell me who was coming .
the scent confused me and my senses .
` ` the scent 's odd and light , but it 's there . ''
the scent was puzzling , my senses distressed .
that 's when the scent intensified .
they can scent who 's inside the magic , but it 's dull and off base , a scent not right . ''
i would never forget the stories the kings had told us about multiple males - only the father of the baby knows by scent - being called for one female when the shifter had been a smidge too promiscuous .
it takes too much of our precious time , so instead , we do it by good ol ' fashioned scent if the pregnancy was n't apparent , with no compunction for the embarrassed woman and man or men .
the scent was familiar .
he was a recluse , and definitely off , his scent even corked , but that did n't mean he did n't chatter up a storm whenever we were there , and his magic felt mighty powerful .
that did n't really help much because , twenty seconds later , i felt a tap on my shoulder , and by jack 's expression , and the scent , i knew who it was .
i had smelled something lip - smacking after dancing for a half - hour , and had followed the scent to a smaller buffet table .
i made a mental note of where i was and knew i could find it by scent if i needed to .
if this was a major passageway , like i guessed , tyler 's scent should be lingering here somewhere .
i could smell my scent trail , but surviving the wyverns would be next to impossible without lily .
we ran until we picked up your scent . ''
she carried no scent .
` ` nothing can cover your natural scent for me . ''
his head turned back and forth like a bloodhound on the scent .
there was a pungent scent of leftover blood all over .
i have the prince 's recent scent and we 're going to start searching now , but i want to know you 're okay first .
your scent is everywhere and it 's like a sick maze of tunnels .
but knew i was wrong the moment his scent hit me .
we followed our scent trail and rourke skidded to a stop in front of the basement door .
my scent will be all over the yard . ''
the adrenaline raging through my system from escaping the sorcerers had no place to go , which made his scent all the more intoxicating .
6 i slowed to a jog , turning my head from side to side trying to search for naomi 's scent trail .
then i picked up a new scent .
their scents were stronger here , even though the sulfur was doing its best to interfere .
since we 're shifting , it does n't make sense to douse ourselves - sulfur wo n't mask our animal scents .
his scent was a thousand times stronger in his true form .
by the smell of it , naomi had left less than five minutes ago , her scent just beginning to fade .
` ` i do n't smell anything brand - new , but there is a lingering scent of wolf that could be trouble . ''
it rose off the ground slowly and shook itself off , and right as it began to move , its scent hit me .
there was a very faint scent of death , but it was n't in the immediate area .
i had no idea where this cave was , but i had no problem following the scent rourke had laid last night .
` ` we could n't get down close enough to them to get a facial i d , but going by scent i only knew one , '' danny answered .
once we categorize a scent , we have to parcel it away in our minds .
i caught naomi 's scent immediately following .
i took the next turn , following my own scent trail .
` ` by the scent and magic , i 'd say we are beneath the reliquary . ''
` ` there was no trace of his scent out there , but that was before the ward came down .
you may have an easier time locating ray 's scent down there .
rourke was directly in front of me , his scent making him easy to follow .
the scent of rotted flesh wound its way up my nose , making me gag .
i edged in closer , inhaling his repugnant scent .
his eyes narrowed and his scent changed , going from steady fear to an acidic flare of anger in the space of a heartbeat .
` ` and , jess , if you 're going to be a good wolf , you have to learn to parcel away scents efficiently .
` ` it 's almost undetectable , like it was supposed to be veiled , but the scent trickled out anyway . ''
i scented the air , but the only thing i could detect was the bitter scent of the winged devils .
` ` i would assume a troll would have a scent .
your scent has a thin layer of ozone or something attached to it .
i took in a deeper breath , trying to catch the specific scent of the stationary goat .
the scent of my mate hit me .
she must have it masked all the other scents and was taking glee in knowing i could smell only him .
his scent sang to my wolf , who was now beside herself , trying to urge me on faster .
i parceled his scent away as fast as i could .
death radiates a special kind of scent .
with the scent of sulfur , we knew it was coming from the underworld .
we do n't want to emit any scent if we can help it .
his scent was all over the place .
` ` we pick up her scent , find where they ' ve taken her , and get her back . ''
wolf scent lingered all over .
with your superior scent detection - things wolves love to brag about - are you all telling me that you missed the most important piece of this so far ? ''
the scents of the area came quickly , my brain categorizing them efficiently .
i lost your scent for a time , but we 're back on your trail now .
we lost your scent back at the barn .
by the time we picked up your scent on the other side of the barn , we had to wait for the human police and ambulance to leave .
your scent grows stronger every moment .
without my consent , my fight - or - flight response flew to the surface as adrenaline rushed through me , spurred on by the strong scent of hank 's aggression .
if the strong scent of leftover curry , the garbage that needed immediate emptying , or the stale smell of uncirculated air was n't enough - the smell of ray could ' ve knocked me over on its own .
i knew the moment drake picked his target , because the scent of his lust wafted over me .
his lust scent , mixed with the rotten egg smell - the demonic part of his otherness - was now officially burned into my memory banks like a bad acid trip .
wolves could recognize scents , even years later .
for the first time , i realized i 'd been smelling nick 's scent clearly for a while now .
` ` his scent does n't register at all , so i know i ' ve never met him face - to - face either . ''
the scent we were leaking into the air was pure , unadulterated sex , fueled for the most part by my horny wolf .
by the time we had the place to ourselves , your scent intensified by three hundredfold .
as for danny , well , your wolf is very dominant , and while he might have liked to act on your scent very much , his wolf would n't have been so bold as to come on to yours directly .
it was strong and acidic , the scent of anger mixed with aggression - almost a challenge .
he has my scent and he is n't going to stop now . ''
it 's speculated he 's the last of his kind , which is why we 're unfamiliar with his scent .
your power climbed up my skin like a bad rash , and your scent is so powerful , i ' m surprised these humans around us '' -he jerked his thumb absentmindedly- '' are n't coming up to congratulate you on your recent change . ''
their combined scent of aggression hit me as my wolf howled in rage .
and they 'd have our fresh scent .
they had our scents .
it 'll take the wolves some time to pick up our scent again after the stream , but by the time they arrive , we 'll be long gone . ''
rourke had taken a series of back roads , trying to throw any pursuers off our scent , but we both knew it was only a matter of time before the big bad wolves caught up to us .
i ' m going to lay a scent trail on the other side to buy us more time . ''
it does a good job of masking our scent naturally .
` ` scent trail .
our scent stops at this pool . ''
having a buildup of your scent downstream can only help us . ''
our scent was intrinsic to us ; you could n't turn it off .
it 'd been easy to focus on the tough climb and trying to lose our scent trail , but what the hell was i doing here ?
the scent of him thickened around us , making my head dance .
his scent said otherwise , but the markers were so unique it was hard for me to really tell .
in my wolf form , his scent called to me immediately , signaling our connection clearly .
we have your scent .
and they have your scent .
i could smell him , his powerful scent concentrated inside the tree line .
his scent was so strong and menacing a few of the wolves in the clearing took a step back .
the scent of their combined aggression threatened to short - circuit me a few times , but my wolf parceled the scents away as quickly as she could , saving me from complete overload .
the scent of their combined aggression threatened to short - circuit me a few times , but my wolf parceled the scents away as quickly as she could , saving me from complete overload .
getting used to this scent thing was crazy intense .
your scent is all over the place down here , even with the f**king sulfur shit plugging our noses .
by the change in scent around me , every one of them knew it too .
we had her scent , but could only track her accurately on the ground .
he lowered his head to her neck and took a deep breath , giving her the oddest impression that he was inhaling the scent of her blood .
but then , maybe that was just to throw her off the scent .
his fangs pricked his tongue as his thirst roared to life , aroused by the scent of the crimson river beyond the door , the nearness of prey .
he turned slowly , his preternatural senses filtering through the mundane until he pinpointed the inhuman scent of one of his own kind .
he was nearing the end of the city limits when a faint cry of terror reached his ears , and with it the strong coppery scent of fresh blood .
like a wolf on the scent , he followed the beat of her heart .
even in his incorporeal state hovering unseen near the ceiling , he was not immune to the scent of blood .
the scent of his blood hung heavy in the air .
the vampire twitched as the coppery scent of blood filled the air .
the scent of blood defiled the air and she knew that ramsey had taken falco 's head .
her scent filled every room in the castle .
one scent overpowered all the others .
becoming one with the night , he followed the scent .
he shook his head , relieved to be outside , though even out here , in the open , the nearby scent of blood teased and tempted him .
the scent of prey scattered his thoughts of the past .
the scent of her fear teased his nostrils and quickened his hunger .
the scent of her unease filled the air , and so he stood there , waiting , wondering if she had decided to ask him to leave .
concentrating harder now , his senses expanding , he continued to reach out , crossing land and water as he searched for that one scent , that one heartbeat .
with a shake of his head , rourke continued on down the street , drawn by the scent of prey .
outside , rourke took a deep breath , his vampire senses sifting through the myriad scents and smells that lingered in the air in front of karinna 's house until he detected a whiff of ana luisa 's unique scent .
a snarl rose in his throat when ramon vega 's scent also reached his nostrils .
he was trying to decide whether to wait inside or come back later when he caught a familiar scent on the freshening wind , a scent that raised the short hairs along his nape and filled him with a quiet sense of dread .
he was trying to decide whether to wait inside or come back later when he caught a familiar scent on the freshening wind , a scent that raised the short hairs along his nape and filled him with a quiet sense of dread .
lifting his head , he caught the scent of prey on the evening breeze .
and over the stink of food he detected the tantalizing scent of the woman .
brushing a lock of hair away from her neck , he ran his tongue lightly over her skin , felt his fangs lengthen in quick response to the scent of her blood , the pulse beating slow and regular in the hollow of her throat .
pulling the door closed behind him , he went out into the night once more , his senses reaching out , his head lifting to sniff an errant breeze for her scent .
but it was the scent of blood all around him that was the most unsettling .
her scent filled the house .
every breath he took carried the scent of prey .
eyes narrowed , overstreet slid a glance at the house and then he leaned forward , reminding her of a wolf on the scent of blood .
leaving his office , he went into the living room , snarling softly when he caught the scents of hewitt and overstreet .
opening the front door , he followed hewitt 's scent out to the curb , noting that shannah 's scent was strong here , as well .
opening the front door , he followed hewitt 's scent out to the curb , noting that shannah 's scent was strong here , as well .
he followed her scent down the street and into a bar and then into an abandoned warehouse located in another town .
her scent was strong but his senses told him she was no longer in the building .
she moved toward the nearest pasture , drawn by the scent of blood .
the scent of fresh hot blood wafted through the night .
the scent of it filled the air .
there were perhaps a handful of the undead who had the power to mask their scent and their presence from him , but only one , other than himself , could breech the barrier that surrounded the park .
he ghosted along the dark streets , his senses alert , the hunger that burned within him rousing at the tantalizing scent of prey .
` ` i recognized his scent . ''
did you smell the vampire 's scent , too ? ''
he recognized the car and the woman 's scent immediately .
he tried to ignore the rapid beat of her heart , the scent of her blood , but it was impossible .
his nostrils filled with a myriad of smells and odors - the feral odor of animals , the fecund scent of plants and grass and dirt , the stink of a decaying animal in the distance .
the scent of fresh prey in your nostrils , the scent of fear when they realize they can not escape , the rapid beat of their heart , the rich coppery taste of hot blood flowing over your tongue ... '' he stopped abruptly .
the scent of fresh prey in your nostrils , the scent of fear when they realize they can not escape , the rapid beat of their heart , the rich coppery taste of hot blood flowing over your tongue ... '' he stopped abruptly .
the scent of the weapon was a part of her , a very tiny , rather disagreeable part which , perversely , added to her allure .
and he wanted her , wanted her with a single - mindedness such as he had not known since he became a new vampire drunk on the scent and the taste of blood .
he glanced briefly at the hoofprints cut into the ground , but it was regan 's scent he followed through the gathering dusk .
while it was true that he did n't have to feed every night , that did n't mean he was immune to the scent of prey , especially when it was wrapped up in a package as tempting and beguiling as that of the woman riding beside him .
the scent of blood and death was stronger here .
she could detect the scent of death in the air , smell the sweet , coppery tang of the blood that had been shed .
recognizing santiago 's scent , she whined softly .
hours later , she was following santiago back to the cave when the unmistakable scent of man reached her nostrils .
she veered sharply to the right , following the scent to a campfire where two warriors sat sharing a pipe .
she drew in a deep breath , her nostrils filling with the scent of prey .
the air filled with the sharp stink of urine - and the scent of blood .
the scent of blood and death enveloped her when she reached the ground floor of the building .
` ` i caught your scent when i arrived . ''
sifting through the multitude of smells that assailed him , he sought for regan 's unique scent .
outside , he sniffed the ground , his nostrils quickly picking up the woman 's scent .
she was crossing a stream when the wind shifted and she caught vasile 's scent .
a deep breath carried the scent of the poor doomed creature who shared his prison .
with a short bark , the werewolf gave chase , reveling in the sting of the wind in her face , the myriad scents that assailed her nostrils from every side , the sheer joy of the hunt .
but it was another scent that lay beneath the rest that had him frowning .
he scowled when he caught verah 's scent .
the scent of blood and woman .
the scent of her blood called to his hunger .
his nose wrinkled with distaste when he caught verah 's scent .
she perked up as soon as she caught the scent of food .
wolves detected scents ten times better than dogs and a hundred times better than humans .
she could determine where a particular scent had come from , who or what had made it , and how long it had been there .
the males scent - marked pack territory by urinating on targets above the ground , like tree trunks and bushes , which warned members of other packs to keep out .
a faint breeze carried the scent of cows , goats , sheep , horses , pigs , and chickens .
the underlying scent of her blood called to him , clouding his senses .
the handle was turning when he caught the pungent scent of werewolf on the wind , followed by a howl that was too close for comfort .
the scent of food drew her down the street toward a cafe .
his head snapped up as he caught the scent of wolf .
as the scent of blood rose in the air , the horses began to stir restlessly , pacing their stalls , snorting and tossing their heads .
he had circled the perimeter four times when he picked up the scent of a trio of green mountain pack members stealthily approaching from the north .
from their scent , gideon knew they were green mountain werewolves .
excited by the scent of blood , several of rinaldi 's pack members shifted .
daisy paused outside the lair , her nose wrinkling with distaste as she sprayed herself with scent - b - gone , a concoction guaranteed to mask her distinctive scent from all but the most powerful vampires .
rising , she sniffed the air , hoping to catch the scent of the mortal who had dared enter her resting place uninvited , but there was no hint of anything out of the ordinary , no trace of soap or cologne , no human scent at all .
rising , she sniffed the air , hoping to catch the scent of the mortal who had dared enter her resting place uninvited , but there was no hint of anything out of the ordinary , no trace of soap or cologne , no human scent at all .
no scent , nothing . ''
it was a compelling scent .
a moment later , the scent of blood filled the salty air .
` ` the blood thief left his scent behind this time . ''
` ` you did n't follow his scent ? ''
she had n't left her scent at either place .
the scent of your blood does n't enflame my senses beyond control .
she should have warned alex that rhys had his scent , but then alex would start asking questions she did n't want to answer .
rhys lifted his head , his nostrils flaring as he caught the scent of prey .
if it was the same bastard who destroyed tina and killed craig , he did n't leave any scent behind this time . ''
` ` we need to find out what he 's using to mask his scent , '' rupert said .
the scent of scorched hair and preternatural flesh immediately stung her nostrils .
the scent of fresh blood was unmistakable .
closing his eyes , he took a deep breath , then followed her scent into the single - story , l - shaped mall located across the street .
it would have been less painful , but he would n't have been able to track her scent that way .
it was different with alex ; rhys had tasted alex 's blood , which might allow the vampire to track him over a short distance , but even rhys costain could n't follow a scent that was twenty - six hundred miles away .
` ` rhys has your brother 's scent , but i ' m pretty sure he ca n't track that this far .
every vehicle carried its own individual scent .
moving too swiftly for human eyes to follow , erik followed the distinctive scent of the o'donnells ' truck , passing ancient red brick sidewalks , federalist houses , and soaring towers made of glass .
amid the smell of salt water , diesel oil , smoke , and fish , he caught a new scent , that of vampire .
he followed the vampire 's scent to a luxury yacht .
going below , erik followed the vampire 's scent into a stateroom where he found the two o'donnell men lying on the floor , bound and apparently under some kind of supernatural enchantment .
he lifted his head and drank in the scent of the sea , and with it , the scent of prey .
he lifted his head and drank in the scent of the sea , and with it , the scent of prey .
her scent preceded her .
the tantalizing scent of blood was replaced by the sharp stink of urine and the musty smell of death .
the sound of their rapidly beating hearts , the scent of their blood , was overpowering .
erik burst into daisy 's house , the scent of human blood almost overpowering the scent of vampire .
erik burst into daisy 's house , the scent of human blood almost overpowering the scent of vampire .
with a wry grin , he put the jag in gear and followed her scent across town to the multiplex .
he had n't detected the scent of anyone else in her car , but what if she had come here to meet another man ?
the scent of her blood , her fear , enticed him .
her scent enflamed his hunger , her lush curves aroused his lust .
the scent of prey .
it was n't easy to keep his hunger under control when every indrawn breath carried the scent of blood , when his ears were assaulted by the sound of so many beating hearts .
reporters , their cameramen in tow , prowled the edges of the crowd like wolves on the scent of prey , hoping to chase down a good story .
he caught a faint scent of the hunter as he drove toward megan 's house , but he was n't in the mood to go looking for a fight now , did n't want to go to megan with blood on his hands .
and yet the scent of her blood , the steady beat of her heart , all called to the beast within , urging him to drag her into the shadows and satisfy both of his hungers .
rhys swore softly as the scent of the hunter 's blood drifted on the breeze .
and then , as he approached a tall , glass - fronted building , he caught the distinct scent of vampire .
the faint , coppery scent of blood rose in the air .
and on the freshening wind , rhys caught the scent of an unfamiliar vampire .
but her scent , the beat of her heart , they called to him in ways he did n't understand .
rhys licked his lips as the scent of fresh , hot blood rose in the air .
the thought had barely crossed his mind when the scent of another vampire reached his nostrils , and tomas villagrande strolled into view .
as he drew closer , he caught the scent of another vampire .
going below , erik followed the vampire 's scent into a stateroom where he found the two o'donnell men lying on the floor , bound and apparently under some kind of preternatural enchantment .
villagrande 's scent was strong here in the backyard .
i left daisy there to keep watch while i followed your scent here . ''
` ` his scent ... i can smell it . ''
he followed her scent until it disappeared and then , closing his eyes , he took several slow deep breaths and opened his senses , homing in on the blood bond that connected them .
her former friend 's eyes burned with excitement as the scent of rhys 's blood filled the air .
the scent of cooked meat was nauseating .
the air was thick with preternatural power and the coppery scent of blood .
he had followed the scent of her blood to this place .
she could smell the oil and gasoline from a passing truck , the scent of garbage from somewhere down the street , the hint of rain in the air .
but it was the scent of her blood that sang to him , a dulcet song that called to him like nothing else he had ever known .
drake 's nostrils flared as the scent of warm , fresh blood filled the air .
as if attracted by the scent of it , smoke appeared with a loud meow .
but it was the scent of the man beside her that held elena spellbound .
his only excuse was the scent of prey being carried to him on an errant breeze .
he frowned as he detected dinescu 's scent on the body .
rodin could detect elena 's scent in the air as easily as he .
the unmistakable scent of blood filled the air .
i am afraid the scent of her blood brought out the vampire in me .
drake caught the faint scent of metal and gun oil , heard the rapid beat of dinescu 's heart just before the door swung open .
he caught the scent of a skunk and farther on , that of a deer .
he was turning away when he caught the scent of prey .
the scent of his cologne tickled her nostrils , his very nearness was intoxicating , as was the scent of his blood .
he had no sense of another vampire on the premises , no scent of werewolf , and yet he would have sworn there was another supernatural creature in the building , although there was no trace of it now .
it was n't easy , being constantly surrounded by the lure of beating hearts and the coppery scent of blood .
zack was leaving the cover of the shadows alongside kaitlyn 's house when he caught the scent of a stranger .
kaitlyn answered his knock almost immediately , leaving him to wonder if she had been standing by the door waiting for him - or for the man whose scent he had detected only moments earlier .
even from a distance , he recognized the man 's scent .
upon arriving , he opened his senses , searching for some sign that the romanian vampire had been there , relieved when he did n't detect the man 's scent .
the floor beneath him reeked of old blood , urine , and excrement ; the very air was fetid with the scent of death .
he felt her presence , recognized her scent , even before he opened his eyes .
it was obvious the vampires no longer kept prisoners locked up , since there had been no scent of fresh blood - other than his own .
he lifted his head as the breeze shifted , carrying with it the scent of prey .
of course , he had n't been able to detect them , either , until he identified their particular scent , which made him wonder why kaitlyn could n't detect it .
and the unmistakable scent of marius korzha , another of his half brothers .
it had n't taken him long to recognize the peculiar scent of the romanian vampires .
kaitlyn 's scent was strong here , and then he saw her , sitting on a filthy mattress .
` ` katy ... '' he struggled for control , but it was n't easy , not when she was wriggling on his lap , not when the scent of her desire and her blood made it difficult to think of anything else .
i would have recognized the scent if we shared the same blood . ''
and overall , the scent of her blood calling to him .
no scent of vampires , romanian or any other kind .
the acrid smell of smoke was still strong as he walked the perimeter of the carnage , his senses searching for some clue that would tell him who had set fire to the club , but there was no scent he recognized .
and overall , the heavy scent of fresh blood .
the scent of hot , fresh blood filled the air .
and yet , there was no denying that the scent of zack 's blood was tantalizing her senses to the exclusion of all else .
he sniffed the air , but he did n't comment about the scent of medicine .
intriguing because of her not - prey scent , definitely .
he bared his teeth , prepared to bite , but the only scent surrounding him was meg 's .
the girls ' stinky perfume had almost masked the scent of poop .
he rushed toward meg 's bedroom , but the fresh scent of blood pulled him toward the bathroom .
get rid of the blood scent and hide the fact that she 's vulnerable .
the scent of arousal , as alluring as the scent of blood .
the scent of arousal , as alluring as the scent of blood .
just the scent of her was making him shaky with a need he did n't know how to fulfill without doing something unforgivable .
meg ! > he leaped toward her , caught the scent of blood , and backed away , whining .
the human female employees usually took those days off work to avoid being around predators who might become excited by the blood scent .
` ` but vladimir told me our meg was in season and the blood scent should be politely ignored , '' erebus said , staring at vlad .
burke 's face revealed nothing , although there was a hint of fear in his scent now that had n't been there when he walked into the room .
now he would n't hear her voice for days , would n't have the comfort of her scent .
he breathed in the scent of her until vlad said , simon ?
that did n't sound right , but he 'd caught the scent of something tasty , so he followed her to the kitchen , leaving his carryall by the door .
the food scents were too strong , so he could n't tell if she 'd cut herself recently .
catching the scent , simon turned onto a narrow service road that ran close to the courtyard 's fence , pushing for all the speed he could get .
` ` maybe you 're not picking up the prey scent because of the stinky hair ? ''
` ` the lack of prey scent confuses me . ''
he was glad henry had told him that meg did n't have the prey scent that was typical of humans .
they followed the men 's scent , but lost the trail where a getaway vehicle must have been parked .
` ` you carrying another scent on you ? ''
and how would the others react to a fresh cut and the scent of blood ?
so i 'll talk to simon about letting asia crane drop by to chat - as long as you and she understand that simon will kill her if he catches her scent where it does n't belong .
or would the broken lock on the door and the scent of a stranger stir up simon and the rest of the terra indigene who lived here ?
he prowled the delivery area , taking in the scents around the front of the liaison 's office and the consulate .
the stranger 's scent was n't there , but moving closer to the sorting - room delivery doors , he picked up another scent that was fresher than it should be .
the stranger 's scent was n't there , but moving closer to the sorting - room delivery doors , he picked up another scent that was fresher than it should be .
but i got the scent of him , and i 'll recognize it again if he comes around . ''
he continued to study her , understanding by the fear scent that he had taken a misstep somewhere in the past minute .
he watched her run toward the parking lot and decided two things : one , she could n't run worth a damn in those clothes , and two , on her , he found the fear scent agreeable .
intrigued , simon joined the pup and bent low to see if he could pick up whatever scent sam found so interesting .
meg was something new , and her scent made the pup forget he was afraid of being outside .
it was easy enough to figure out what scent the pup was looking for .
not sure how far blood scent could travel and being sensibly afraid of exciting the predatory nature of her neighbors - especially the vampire , grizzly , and wolf - she 'd managed to resist using a kitchen knife for a cut .
she has n't had much contact with other terra indigene , and her not prey scent might cause confusion . ''
although knowing her scent was caused by her being cassandra sangue had eased that confusion inside him .
if anyone picks up the faintest scent of blood on meg , i want vlad or henry to know about it , > simon told blair .
` ` you can follow a scent better than she can , so you make sure our liaison does n't get lost . ''
` ` for a moment , the air carried the scent of the man who tried to break in to the efficiency apartments .
sam was sniffing one corner of the room , now oblivious to everything except the scent he 'd found .
the wolves had been told that sam had finally shifted to human , but most had n't seen the boy , had n't had a chance to identify by sight or scent who sam was in his other skin .
he caught the scent of two other wolves before he saw them .
another scent on her .
he breathed in cold , clean air - and breathed out hot anger as the scent from over the wall reached him .
` ` and we can pick up the scent of something even if it 's hidden in snow .
no scents that should n't be here , > nathan replied , lifting a leg to yellow up some snow .
he caught a whiff of uneasiness in her scent and took a step toward her .
darrell was at a desk , looking like he 'd already caught the scent of a female in heat and was about to lose his brains over it .
as a last step , she used the toilet , not sure how long scents could be picked up by a wolf nose .
why could n't she wait until he 'd gone home and would n't pick up the scent of fresh blood ?
as the scent of her blood faded , replaced by the familiar scents of his own den , simon 's anger also faded .
there were other reasons for a blood scent , especially in a female 's bathroom .
he waited until they were seated at the table , the tea steaming in cups , before he told henry about sam and the scent of blood .
better than good , because now he would n't have any reason to question her scent being somewhere he might not expect .
she removed the boots , then twisted her feet to press darrell 's scent into the floor .
and that scent was n't in the liaison 's office .
` ` i do n't want anyone 's scent there except the man i was with tonight . ''
` ` why did n't you take care of it this morning after nathan told you he 'd found darrell 's scent in the back room and sorting room ? ''
nathan squeezed between henry and simon , everything in him focused on the blood scent .
maybe it was the scent of blood pushing the wolf , maybe it was because he , too , valued friendship .
she was n't sure if asia 's scent would matter to meg , but it mattered to her .
nathan was right ; there was n't any fresh blood scent on her .
his scent filled the air she breathed , and his whispered question reached her ears .
it built inside her , like a slow fire , and the scent of it seemed to fill the air , stinging her flesh .
she was n't even sure exactly what contributed to the scent , but whatever it was , it offered some calming effects .
while it was only a few inches , his scent came with him .
lifting her nose in the air , her vampire sense of smell caught the hint of werewolf under the strong scent of motor oil .
when the scent of blood filled her nose , della had to work at not letting her eyes start to glow from hunger .
` ` thank you , '' she repeated , but she 'd no more gotten that last word out when she smelled the dirty scent that hinted at rotten meat .
della could even pick up the scent of kylie 's favorite lotion .
he lifted his head into the air as if to catch a scent .
she knew it was both lucas 's natural scent and that of the woods .
she had n't yet gotten to the door when suddenly she recognized the scent and the cadence of breathing coming from holiday 's office .
chapter twenty - five kylie caught burnett 's scent and in no time she flew beside him .
` ` i do n't recognize his scent , '' she whispered .
the warmth of his arm did feel good , and being this close , close enough to get a good whiff of his natural scent to chase away the scent of garlic , did n't feel so bad , either .
but it did n't hide the scent that she recognized as derek .
della lifted her face into the air , and kylie caught the wild berry scent of blood .
as they walked out of the dining hall , kylie welcomed the night air without the scent of smoke .
` ` depending on how dense the trees are or how the wind is blowing , an intruder 's scent could go undetected . ''
the scent of dirt and concrete filled her nose .
kylie could almost smel the scent of raw meat that had lingered on his breath .
his nostrils suddenly flared as if trying to catch a scent .
della turned and faced the trees , inhaling the air to catch anyone 's scent .
nothing but the wet , musky scent of a possum .
della 's feet were n't steady on the ground when she caught the scent .
apparently he 'd gotten the same scent .
chapter eleven it only took a flicker of a second for the male voice to become familiar and for his scent to find its way into della 's memory bank .
she took in a big breath and did n't pick up anyone 's scent .
she had to bypass chase 's clean scent to see if she could pick up any traces of human .
a treadmill and a set of weights were set to the side , which she hoped explained why the scent of human was so strong .
she opened the door to the restaurant and took a noseful of air to catch the scent of any supernatural .
della took in another breath , trying to catch the scent of company .
her next intake of air , she caught their scents .
she stepped out of his reach , and right then caught another scent .
still reeling from the voice , della got a fresh scent of werewolf again .
the scent hung on .
this was the same scent she 'd gotten back at the restaurant .
one deep breath and she recognized the witch 's scent .
neither she nor chase had gotten any scent of a were .
but then the scent hit .
she 'd been so tense earlier she had n't picked up on his scent .
della turned around and the closer she got to the chaos , the stronger the scent got .
right before they leapt over the fence , della got a strong scent of were .
the guards either heard them or got their scent .
then the were scent found its way into her memory bank .
she inhaled and caught the scent of vampires .
della had no more stepped into the room when she got holiday 's scent and she came stepping out of the bathroom .
the scent was vampire .
the scent came from the woods , just behind the trees .
she had his scent in her sensory bank .
had the scoundrel removed his shirt to throw her off the scent ?
the scent hit the same time the voice did .
she 'd been certain of his vampire scent , but the facts that his fangs were n't extended and that the situation had n't colored his eyes had her squinting at his forehead to check his pattern .
and why did his scent stir up negative feelings in her ?
he did n't know which cabin was hers , but he could have followed her scent .
his scent is all over it ! ''
he took a big whiff of air , as if checking her scent .
and if something intense was happening when you smelled that scent , then there 's an emotional trace . ''
this scent was different , and she could tell that even with the tangy , fresh aroma of blood mixed in .
before she could decide , another vampire scent hit , and this one she recognized .
` ` did you catch the scent ? ''
` ` but i caught the scent , and only i 'll know if it was the same person . ''
she 'd only gotten a few feet when she caught another scent .
` ` did you get a trace of his scent ? ''
` ` i ca n't be a hundred percent sure , with all the scents of the others , but i think it was the same vampire who passed over shadow falls .
there 're traces of what seems like the same scent . ''
i picked up on his scent .
` ` i ' m gon na catch you , '' della said , vowing to never forget the scent of the killer who 'd rushed by tonight .
she turned to shut the door , and when she did , she got his scent again .
between the garlic smell and steve 's spicy scent , she caught the scent of ... animals .
` ` if you got a trace of his scent when he flew over , maybe he got yours , too .
the doctor wore a white coat and came with the scent of anesthetic and a trace of dog .
an ugly feeling stirred in della 's gut when she caught a scent of the girl 's pheromones polluting the air .
would her attacker 's scent still be lingering at the falls ?
she pushed back the terror crawling up her spine like prickly - legged spiders , raised her face , and breathed in , hoping to find a scent .
but if someone touched something , the scent would hang around longer .
since she 'd already picked up on his scent , he 'd probably done the same .
she growled , felt her eyes brighten with anger , and lifted her face to the wind to catch his scent .
` ` your scent was all over the rock by the falls . ''
` ` yeah , mr . james , i mean burnett , asked me to go there and see if there was any scent left behind when he took you to the doctor . ''
she almost asked if he 'd gotten any scent , but did n't want to be beholden to him for anything .
his scent , his trace , was in her memory bank .
` ` i wanted to go back to the falls on the off chance i could still catch a scent of the person who knocked me in the head . ''
she almost told him about chase 's scent being on the rock , but decided against it .
` ` second , i said i found chase 's scent there , but then i found him .
she lifted her face to catch some air , hoping to identify his scent .
no scent came .
still no scent .
chase raised his face in the air , searching for a scent .
she formed her words so he could n't read her untruths , but she cut her gaze back to the woods , relieved chan had escaped and taken his scent with him .
the fact that her ability to pick up scents had failed her again should concern her , but it worked in her favor now .
his scent annoyed her .
his scent became stronger .
she did n't want to go into how his scent felt familiar .
why della remembered his scent ?
she did n't catch a scent .
della took another deep noseful of air , and this time she recognized his scent .
but no scent touched her nose .
not even chan 's scent .
the only reason i got his scent was because it was late and i knew he had to be an intruder . ''
she could n't tell burnett what jenny had seen , but ... ` ` i recognized his scent when i first met him .
she lifted her face to catch a scent , only to remember her nose was n't working properly .
she inhaled to see if she could catch a scent .
where the heck had she picked up his scent ?
was it possible that she 'd gotten his scent but he had n't picked up on hers ?
della tried to catch a scent , but could n't .
they had their faces held up , as if they 'd already picked up on their scents .
chase darted in and out of the trees as if to lose their scents .
` ` i ' m going to fly around to make sure they ca n't follow our scents back to shadow falls . ''
della inhaled again , hoping to catch a scent .
filling her nose with air , she hoped her sense of smell had returned and that she 'd recognize kevin 's scent .
i caught his scent , but did n't realize it was him until i took off .
` ` my hearing , vampire hearing , and scent , it goes in and out .
chase 's scent .
and somewhere in the back of his head he knew that scent , as though nothing more important existed .
he was just about to ask what he could do to help , when that scent came to him again , this time much stronger , a river of fragrance that started wrapping around him .
she felt bathed in pleasure and all she 'd done was catch samuel daman 's scent and meet his gaze .
his scent , almost absent while he ate , now flooded the space between them .
but his scent worked over every inch of her body so that something very low in her abdomen began to vibrate strangely , from front to back , a soft humming sensation she could almost hear .
she moaned and shed her scent .
your scent heats me up so fast .
it took him a bare split- second to locate the one that came damn close to vela 's scent .
` ` this is my scent .
` ` well , then , '' she said , her scent rising to compete with his purchases .
inside his mouth he began to feel his fangs protrude from his gums and as he looked around all he could focus on was the scent of the guys that were about to pounce on him .
it was n't a specific cologne smell ; it was the scent of his skin , of his body odor , of his inner workings that turned her on .
the scent of her body infused the car and he could barely control himself .
the light turned green and he floored the car trying to get his mind off of gina 's scent , but he could n't .
mark could n't even hear what she was saying , all he could think about was her scent and the fact that he was about to indulge in his first feed ever .
he remembered passing marc in the hallway recently , he remembered his scent and now , he smelled it again .
the scent of his blood made rob even hungrier as he prowled around looking for him .
she thought it could n't hurt to try to cover up her vampire scent .
she hoped they were n't vampires , although had a sinking feeling given their scent that they were .
as they entered the dark , cold structure rachel took one whiff of the stale air , and could n't help but think that she was inhaling the scent of dead bodies .
devon 's nostrils flared , anger sizzled through him as he caught the scent of their blood in the air .
* * * devon moved faster than he 'd ever thought possible as he followed her scent , and the bond that connected them .
beneath the pungent scent of mildew and disuse she caught the scent of the mice and rats that inhabited the building .
beneath the pungent scent of mildew and disuse she caught the scent of the mice and rats that inhabited the building .
but the worst was the lingering scent of putrefaction that permeated the air .
like a hound on the trail she followed the scent of death as she fought to bury the thirst that churned through her veins and caused her canines to tingle .
the increasing scent of death drew her toward the right .
the room behind the glass was hidden in shadows but luther 's scent was stronger here .
chris and luther had cleaned meredith 's blood from the floor but devon detected the enticing scent of it over top of the stringent chemicals .
his jaw clenched , the scent of his burning skin filled the air , but he refused to release her .
he inhaled deeply , anger spiking through him as he caught the scent of her blood .
the harsh scent of mildew wafted up , but nothing stirred within the dark .
the basement floor was hard packed dirt ; the scent of mildew was stronger down here .
he and julian seemed not to be affected by the scent , but then again , they had probably smelled it many times before .
he knew that it was not entirely dani that had his killer instincts so aroused , or what had been done to cassie , but also the harsh scent of death in the air .
devon shuddered at the reminder , trying to keep himself under control as he searched past the strange scent inside of her to find her own wonderfully sweet smell thrumming just beneath the surface .
devon bent closer to her , inhaling her scent as his blood flowed into her , slowly replacing the scent of the monsters that had fed from her .
its eyes widened upon her , its nostrils flared as the scent of her blood caught its attention , exciting it completely .
cassie 's fury escalated as the scent of her own blood hit her .
he lost himself in the touch and feel and scent of her as he shut out the rest of the world , and the far too many people that wanted to tear them apart .
i picked her scent up again when we were miles away .
that 's probably where he picked up her scent . ''
there was no lingering scent of human within , no bags marking this as one of the rooms that had been occupied .
the scent of his blood was strong , hinting of spices and power .
the scent of her blood , soap , and terror hung heavy in the air but devon had prepared himself for the scent of her blood this time .
the scent of her blood , soap , and terror hung heavy in the air but devon had prepared himself for the scent of her blood this time .
julian also seemed to have prepared himself for the scent of her blood this time .
he turned away from her , the scent of her blood overwhelming him in his weakened condition .
he had been passing through town , heading for the woods in search of food , when he had caught her scent .
he caught the scent of her blood , fierce and strong .
his reddened eyes latched upon cassie , his lips pulled back in a snarl as he caught scent of what he thought would be the easier prey .
then , the scent of her blood hit him , slamming into him with the force of a sledgehammer .
the scent of her blood in the open air was the most enticing thing he had ever come across .
he rushed past devon , the frenzying scent of her blood taking control of him .
but the powerful scent of cassie 's blood had been too much for julian to handle .
william , daniel , and david barely made any noise as they approached ; it was their scents he picked up instead of their sounds .
his ears alerted him to the approach of the men , his nose picked up their scent long before they reached the crest of the hill .
then something stepped out from behind the tree and he caught the scent of it .
braith recognized david 's scent and nimble gate as he picked his way around the boards behind xavier .
they were nearly to the edge of town when the scent of smoke began to fill the air and the first shout went up .
even though he was struck by the harsh scent , beneath it all he could smell aria 's potent , more delicious scent .
he 'd known what they would do to her , the abuse that she would endure , but the strong scent of her blood slapped him in the face with the harsh reality of it .
eventually he would realize that her scent did n't go all the way down the hall .
he was almost to the steps when he froze , his nostrils flared , and his head turned slowly as he caught a familiar scent .
` ` the scent of her blood goes the other way , '' xavier pointed out .
she could sense he was behind her again though , back on the right trail , and like a dog on the scent he was honing in on her .
she was also becoming aware of a new scent and a new discomfort growing within her belly .
the mouth watering scent of food hit her before they even reached the kitchen .
he would have missed it if he had n't been tracking her scent .
he felt like a rat trapped within a maze as he stalked her scent .
braith bristled , he assumed the her was arianna as her scent was exceptionally strong here , and his vision was nearly perfect again .
three others became aroused by the scent of blood .
pulling her hair forward , he draped its thick waves around her neck , trying to mask the scent of her blood , though that would be impossible .
the lingering scent of blood , body odor and death clung to her , mixing with the other awful scents encompassing her .
she found herself hoping that her dismal appearance and scent would be enough to earn her the much coveted sentence of death .
the scent of blood clung to him as he stepped forward and grasped roughly hold of her chin .
her powerful scent , fighting to overcome the floral clinging to her , was a great indicator of that fact .
he threw the doors to the dungeons open , the scent of humans and fear assaulted him .
he did not know what they looked like , but the scent of their blood was not as repulsive to him as some of the others .
an unmistakable scent of malignance and death simmered under that of moist peat and horse sweat .
not every venator could sense the presence of fallen angels , or demons , but victoria and brim were both capable of recognizing the malevolent scent that lurked beneath everything else .
as she drew closer to the building , the faint scent of demons grew more discernible , though not strong enough to clog her nostrils .
victoria lifted her face , flaring her nostrils to draw in the scent on the air .
the scent of iron filled sebastian 's nose , and red tinged his vision .
she lifted and met his mouth halfway , her kiss telling him that she did n't care , that his sweaty male scent and damp , hot body were home to her .
that , along with the subtle scent of death in the air , decided her : he must be a demon .
for a moment , she smelled the sharp , rust scent and tasted the heavy iron of blood on her tongue , in her mouth ... sliding thickly down her throat .
her awareness of the demon faded away , leaving only his deep , lulling descriptions , using words and phrases that pulled up sharp , frightening scenes so real she could hear the sounds and smell the scent .
she breathed deep , pushed away the scent of blood so close to her , the feel of lips on her skin , fought to sever the connection with those hot red eyes burning behind lilith 's head .
his nostrils flared wide , as though drawing in the scent of blood like a man draws in oxygen , and he was breathing just as harshly as she was .
he breathed the iron scent , felt the driving need for it .
he could have staked the creature on more than one occasion - just beyond the gates of the estate , as rockley crossed the threshold of his own home , as he mounted the stairs , drawn by victoria 's scent and her heartbeat .
the scent of blood filtered through the air .
at the scent of such fresh blood , the dogs surged to their feet , heedless of their mistress 's command .
she 'd lost the scent .
she blinked , focused on the feel of her weapon , forced herself to draw in the scent of rotting garbage nearby , willed her heartbeat to settle back into its own rhythm .
the scent of evil , of death .
and as though he were trying to extend the scent in some sort of stylistic pattern , his silk shirtwaist was a lavender color ... and the cravat tied neatly , if blandly , at his throat was lavender .
was this the scent of a demon ?
behind them , the other five vampires , the ones who had not fed and were susceptible to the scent of blood , stood and watched avidly .
their noses twitched as though the scent of fresh blood called to them .
the scent of smoke permeated the area as she rushed along on silent feet , trying to catch up to max .
stifling a cough , she held the sleeve of her tunic over her nose and mouth and tried to breathe the filtered air ; perhaps she had waited too long to do so , but it might help to keep the scent at bay .
the imperials strode down the steps , only feet away from max and victoria - they must smell them , max 's blood , too , for certain - looking around , the nostrils of one flaring as if testing the air for scent .
the only good thing about the wound was that the scent of blood would attract any other vampires , making it much easier for her and max to finish their job and get back to the carriage .
there was a loud crash behind them , and he smelled the spill of lantern oil and , closely thereafter , the clogging scent of raging fire .
gertie 's leathery nostrils flared , sniffing at the scent in the air .
and at the same time , a scent overpowered him , rising into his nose and eyes like a cloud of ammonia .
the foul smell of fresh , hot vampire piss filled the arched space , the burnt - ammonia scent holding dark associations for setrakian .
the scent went through the vampires with a visible ripple .
the wind carried the scent of the subway , and of dirt and spoilage .
he could tell by scent that the star cove principal was a shapeshifter , just as he knew that winkler and trajan were werewolves .
` ` you 're not a wolf , randy , your scent is human .
ashe patted her shoulder reassuringly as she looked around , sniffing the werewolf scent , most likely .
` ` so , '' dawn met them in the media room , her eyes going straight to sara while her nostrils flared at sara 's scent .
` ` i think it was buck who sniffed your scent , '' marco admitted glumly .
her scent disappeared outside the gate . ''
` ` i ' ve got three out , but they lost the scent just before he reached the river .
his sensitive nose , even in human form , had picked up randy 's scent .
yeah , i can tell by your scent what you are . ''
ashe wondered what his scent told the grand master .
you know how it is - if a wolf gets the scent of prey , that 's all they focus on .
the werewolves had n't caught his scent yet ; the restaurant was too crowded and smelled of food .
before , dogs had sniffed the scents until they 'd disappeared eventually .
other werewolves always recognized his scent , though .
` ` man , i wish i had your nose , '' ashe muttered , thinking how nice it would be to tell by scent exactly who or what might be standing before him .
he was n't close enough for her to scent either , in her present state ; the manacles on her wrists and ankles prevented her from shifting .
certainly not a werewolf ; he could tell immediately by the scent .
` ` not human , '' zeke got a good scent off the visitors .
they can not be distinguished from the actual animal , by either sight or scent .
humanoid shapeshifters still hold a bit of their other scent .
shirley 's second says the rogue werewolves were joined by four they did n't recognize , and their scent was off .
shirley walker 's groves were the first destination , to find scents .
if there were werewolves passing through , they 'd know by scent .
there 's no scent for anybody to follow .
` ` we need to take a boat back to the mainland - marcus ' wife is wounded , '' aedan knelt next to winkler 's wolf - he knew winkler by scent .
winkler , using scent , was sorting out the ones for burial and tony , nathan and the corpus christi vampire were helping .
` ` smells human , but those elemaiya smell similar to humans ; there are only a few differences in the scent , '' marcus growled as he and trace sniffed unobtrusively around granger hicks ' barn .
` ` i might be able to tell if the same scent was in both places , '' marcus suggested .
the scents are confused . ''
` ` marcus , check this out - the scent is the same as the one in the barn . ''
the wolves say the scent is the same .
* * * marcus called sali into the kitchen so aedan could question him about the scent .
` ` but we know it is n't a vampire - one of the murders took place during the day , and the two werewolves who are assisting our investigators insist that the scent they got was n't a werewolf 's .
trace , jason , marcus and micah had all sniffed around the frasier 's mobile home , detecting no fresh scent from elizabeth .
` ` ashe , elizabeth frasier got away from us somehow , even though we ca n't get any fresh scent that shows she left the house .
ashe trailed trace as he followed elizabeth 's scent , ending up outside the women 's bathroom .
trace found the scent first - he and jason had a good whiff of the man from cordell feed and seed .
the culprit had allowed his anger to prevail and he 'd left scent all over seed packets and gardening tools after swiping those items off shelves surrounding the cash register .
silently tracking now , both wolves began racing after the scent - the man had dragged nick lawford after a while and the agent 's scent was strong , along with that of his blood .
silently tracking now , both wolves began racing after the scent - the man had dragged nick lawford after a while and the agent 's scent was strong , along with that of his blood .
` ` marcus , can you tell us what this scent is ? ''
` ` mountain lion scent , '' jonas sighed .
i smell it too , '' aedan turned toward the scent .
her panther tracks are there , but we ca n't get a good scent off the ground around the body - it 's still wet from the snow we had two days ago . ''
i could n't get any scents except those of cori , ben and marcus .
dad and micah could n't get any other scents around the body except cori 's , and she 's the one who found him .
and no scent around the body except cori 's ?
` ` we 're back to the scents , then .
even old harold could n't erase his scent .
` ` dude , i ca n't smell anything , '' ashe grumbled , but did n't doubt sali 's ability to detect the scent .
ashe grabbed sali 's arm , halting his best friend 's search for a source of the mysterious scent .
his mother was explaining to his father about the scent of ozone sali picked up behind the shop in cordell .
shockingly , both accomplices disappeared before his eyes , leaving the scent of ozone behind .
` ` no other scents were found ? ''
radomir walked around the area , sniffing for scents and searching for clues with sharp , vampire sight .
` ` the scents are confused now and any clues are obliterated . ''
or his scent ?
ashe hoped his scent had faded since his visit to billings ' office nearly a week and a half earlier , but figured that the first visit to check cori 's grades was still fresh in billings ' mind .
` ` will you recognize this scent again ? ''
` ` a werewolf was certainly here , '' radomir observed , ` ` but the scent is strange .
as if it has been mixed with something else to nearly destroy the scent , somehow .
` ` but that will still not guarantee that i can distinguish the scents .
the enforcer was definitely puzzled over the scent .
there is some scent there , likely werewolf , but it is confused , somehow , '' radomir stated flatly .
` ` i only wish to get the scent , '' radomir said .
micah is out at the site , trying to find any scents left behind .
no scents , other than pat 's , around the grave .
sali had n't noticed the buttons ; he 'd just noticed the scent .
he claims there are claw marks there , but the rain and the passage of time have obliterated the scents . ''
jason had gotten dawn 's scent the moment he walked inside the store .
` ` we did n't get too close to the house in case he 's looking for scent . ''
the scent of it filled the kitchen .
he did n't look anything other than human , but the scent was off , in trace 's estimation .
i certainly would have , even if i did n't have the scents .
my vision swam , but i would recognize gavin 's voice and scent anywhere .
i was attempting to sort out the scents .
i did n't recognize their scents , i knew that much .
i knew that already , just by the scents .
of course , the scents of the killers were now mixed with the scents of the local investigators and medical personnel who 'd been called to the scene .
of course , the scents of the killers were now mixed with the scents of the local investigators and medical personnel who 'd been called to the scene .
` ` honey , it stinks so bad , i ca n't even sort out the scents of the three workers .
it worried me , too - if they were concerned about scents , then they knew i might be one of the investigators .
i was happy to get into the shower as quickly as i could - the scent of death was making me gag .
all races have a different scent .
there were n't any scents inside the house that were fresh , indicating the man had n't been taken from there .
` ` the scent is n't fresh , maybe two or three days , '' i muttered .
i did track him for a while , until he got onto public transportation ; that 's where the scent became confused with other passengers ' scents and i could n't get past that .
i did track him for a while , until he got onto public transportation ; that 's where the scent became confused with other passengers ' scents and i could n't get past that .
i caught his and drake 's scent , now - they were making up for last night .
` ` when i smell a taint around their normal scent , that means they 're bad - done something they shouldn't - i ca n't explain it better than that , '' i said , looking out a wide window onto the street below .
` ` it overlays the scent of their blood .
` ` come on ; let 's see if we can pick up the same scents elsewhere . ''
three more apartments were on the list and i picked up the scent of two from the first place at all three of the others .
there were seventeen scents in all - the last place turned out to be a condo , with all three apartments side by side .
scent does n't lie and that guy not only had a different scent , but he had taint all over him .
scent does n't lie and that guy not only had a different scent , but he had taint all over him .
normally , i 'd have matched up body parts by scent , but these had something blocking their smell - as if someone worried the scent might incriminate them .
normally , i 'd have matched up body parts by scent , but these had something blocking their smell - as if someone worried the scent might incriminate them .
i drew in a breath , recognizing his scent , just as my skin itched furiously and he drew a laser pistol from behind his back and fired .
the scent was all over her .
the bodies still held whatever it was that blocked their scents , so i looked for information instead .
captain galeda 's words had raised my suspicions , and now i knew why the scents had been blocked - likely by a warlock .
` ` you know my scent , deah - mul ? ''
he was old , too , i could tell by the scent .
this one was around nineteen ; i 'd gotten his age from his scent .
three red hand troops had come - their scents were clear to me .
the fire had destroyed any scent of the attackers - none of it remained with the bodies , but i figured i had a good guess as to who 'd done this .
the general looked briefly at the boy - he could n't be more than seventeen - by his scent , anyway .
he was all fae , i could tell by his scent , as was the other , brown - haired one .
all six were vampire ; gavin knew by their scent .
he was around five - ten or so and looked twenty - two , although his scent said close to a thousand .
` ` he bore the scent of my grandmother , whom i 'd just met .
i figured he was thousands of years old , but i did n't have a gauge yet on green fae scents .
i also shoved aside what rabis ' scent told me - that could wait .
wisps of smoke curled from garde 's nostrils from time to time , and i speculated as to whether any of those people knew that not only did they have an angry high demon within striking distance , but i had their scents down and would never forget them .
i already knew from the scent who he was .
another , younger vampire was at his heels - he was only days old as a vampire ; i could tell by the scent .
they 'd named the girls jhase and jheri , but i had n't sorted out the scents , yet .
the scent , too , was overpowering .
kifirin appeared in my room ; i caught his scent before i heard his voice .
i was lying on my stomach on a bed - garde 's by the scent of it .
vampires manned those stations ; they were trained to pick up any scent of gunpowder , but those weapons would be archaic .
and she was humanoid - the scent told me that .
i caught the scent of a female vampire and was drawn like a magnet .
perhaps it was the saa thalarr blood in him that had confused the scent , since he 'd be grant 's grandparent , after all .
the wolves and vampires may be able to track them by scent as well . ''
` ` i can tell by your scent that you are five hundred years of age , '' i went on .
perhaps she 'd ignored the tiny knob growing on her left side but i knew - her scent had changed .
if i 'd been solid , i would have shook my head at what the scents were telling me .
it was shocking , what i learned through scent .
if i had n't had his scent , i never would have found the others so easily .
smoke billowed from fires burning throughout veshtul , and the scent of death was everywhere .
i panted as i gazed about me - devastation and the scent of spilled blood was everywhere .
it took several tries before the scent of food convinced the little common to try it .
` ` i do n't think he likes the soap ; the scent must be too heavy , '' orliff called to the others .
i blinked at them ; they were both six - four and were brothers ; i could tell by the scent .
i knew by scent that he was orliff 's parent , though they looked nothing alike .
paraf was three hundred years old ; i could tell from his scent .
i had their scent and from now on , i was staying as far away from them as i could get .
the voice and scent were familiar , but i could n't connect them to where i 'd been when i 'd gone to sleep .
` ` she knows by the scent , '' dragon helped himself to food .
and i knew he was related to pheligar by his scent .
lissa captured him - recognized him by his scent .
` ` they 're young , '' i said , although their scents said a hundred years .
mike was in his early thirties , according to his scent , looked younger than that and knew his way around the kitchen .
i knew from the scent they were related - we had the same bloodline - on one side , anyway .
one held a scent of the larentii about her , while the other could only be described as otherworldly .
i knew by scent that he and his brother were a hundred years old .
gavin 's scent had n't changed , either - it still exerted a power i could n't name , and i wanted to weep over what i 'd lost .
he 'd turned slightly when we appeared , did n't recognize my scent and kept his gaze focused on flavio , who sat behind a desk , staring at me in shock .
` ` but the scent , '' i said before i thought .
and kiarra's - the scent told me that as he knelt beside me .
there was a spot near the fence where the grass was beaten down , so i walked in that direction , just to check scents .
i wondered if the werewolf had noticed the scent .
` ` i ca n't get a scent off you .
i ca n't say i liked the scent , but if it fed them , then i did n't have a problem with that .
there was no scent around this area ; josh and i both checked unobtrusively .
the predators were becoming prey as i tracked them and their scent .
or had been ra'ak - he had the scent , still , but it was overlaid with other things .
i 'd know their scents next time , though .
i was n't having much luck either , until i caught a scent at one gate and it was so slight it was almost non - existent .
that 's the only conclusion i could draw , but the scent was there - dark elemaiya .
gilfraith did n't like the scent about it , but he did n't argue - fox would know whether it was dangerous .
your scent overwhelmed me and shocked me at the same time ; a female vampire , walking down a street in my city and i had no idea how she had come to be there . ''
` ` adam lowered his shields and i got his scent , '' i said .
the two vampires in the car behind us were n't saxom 's ; i could tell by their scent .
i dropped rene in the back seat of the pursuing car as gently and noiselessly as i could , but both vampires realized we were there in a blink , by the scent .
` ` they 're not saxom 's , '' i informed wlodek as he inspected the two , walking around them and getting their scents .
i was worried about greg but afraid to say anything - his blood scent was far from normal .
xenides ' scent hit me the moment we walked through the front door .
it had to be dominic - the same scent surrounded thaddeus and lorenzo .
i was n't sure it had been violent ; there was n't any scent of blood .
` ` we looked it over but we did n't bring any dogs - we did n't want to confuse the scents , '' bill said .
the scent that hit me when we walked into the backyard was overwhelming in its stench - wild animal mixed with saxom 's taint and dark elemaiya .
i went over to get his scent .
at least not yet - the scent did n't smell evil .
i did n't interfere with gavin 's pacing or his growling ; i learned what i wanted to know from angelo 's scent .
i had n't gotten a scent off the comesula , but i had n't questioned it - until now .
` ` and i shielded his scent so you would not recognize him and give that knowledge away .
guards were stationed outside those doors and i got their scent .
erland morphis ' scent was different from the others we 'd found inside the palace .
i had to force the turn so i could pick you up and carry you out of there before the others found the scent . ''
we went through the entire hotel , floor - by - floor , room - by - room ( the couple on the fourth floor was still at it ) but did n't get the slightest scent of vampire .
i knew what rahim smelled like - i 'd matched the scent from a house in georgia with that from a hotel room in paris .
he could n't mask his scent , though , even with expensive cologne .
we went through the second floor rooms , searching everywhere until i caught the scent inside a bathroom .
that 's what her scent told me , anyway .
i had his scent from a house in georgia and the hotel room in paris .
he was getting the vampire scent , just as michael was .
agents white and townsend said they had both vampire and human scents from his home in maryland .
both vampires had xenides ' scent about them , not saxom 's .
three humans were with the vampires ; their scent hung heavy in the house .
winkler moved behind me - his nose was good , but he could n't separate the scents as well as i could while he was human .
yeah , i knew he and the others were there by scent only .
the same scents from the blood bank were inside admiral hafer 's house .
winkler was in the coffee shop , typing away on his laptop ; i caught his scent on my way to the gift shop .
i knew gavin was there by his scent .
their rooms were empty on the third floor and their scents were only a memory .
your scent is an aphrodisiac to me - did n't you know ?
the scent of spilled blood was everywhere .
` ` it has your scent all over it .
what i also knew was that whatever he was , his smell was very similar to the extra scent that merrill carried .
those f**kers did n't get a chance to knock on the apartment door ; i knew by scent that a man , a woman and five children slept inside .
i had the f**ker 's scent , now .
these demons had n't turned into the muddy brown monsters i 'd seen the night before ; they still appeared human , although their scent told me otherwise .
i wanted to see what that scent might be like .
` ` the over - underhouse is five blocks away , '' he informed me , ` ` and you 'd more than likely be happier with what they offer , so i 'd suggest , '' and that 's as far as he got - he 'd come close enough to catch my scent , drawing in a sharp breath .
there were so many vampires around me that i 'd have to get closer to the eleven sitting at the table to sort out scents .
i sniffed my glass , could n't get any scent off it except blood and wine , so i tasted it .
my bed was calling , dawn was getting close and i wanted a shower to get the scent of blood and bits of skin off me .
this one , though , had a scent about him that i 'd never come across .
he was n't ra'ak ; i 'd know a ra'ak 's scent anywhere and it was pure evil .
` ` this is one of our hosts , '' gabron introduced me to the next one and i held my hand out automatically before getting his scent .
it had to be my scent .
one was a werewolf , too , just as he was , so the scent would certainly give him away .
i know you have a very good nose - perhaps you would like to get their scent .
i got her scent , along with all the others i 'd been getting .
it was the scent of them and the darkness in their spirits that i recognized .
the scent of him was what held me , though , and i worked desperately to school my face into the vampire non - expression .
i could tell by the scent .
if i 'd been close enough , i could have smelled whether he was demon or not but i was n't that close and my nose was filled with the scent of too many refizani bodies crowding around me .
most of these were demon ; their scent overwhelmed me as they crowded the front of the temple .
the scent , however , was very familiar .
even the ra'ak , blinded as he was , must have recognized the scent because he cowered .
dragon got his favorite darker blend ; i recognized the scent .
they 'd already examined the remains of the van the suicide bombers had driven , but alif 's scent was n't in it .
i was n't sure there would be a next time for greg ; he was thinner and weaker , i could tell , and his scent was changing - the disease was taking over .
i got a good scent on both - all of saxom 's misters and mindspeakers had dark elemaiyan blood .
i got a good scent off both and i can smell the elemaiya , now , both bright and dark . ''
after i got the scent , i knew right away that henri and gervais , as well as robert and albert , all have bright elemaiyan blood . ''
i did n't know what to do with the other information i had - tony was supposed to be deryn 's half - brother but i could n't make the scent connection .
the scent of tony 's blood was all over this one little space , which puzzled me .
if he 'd been blown to bits , the scent of it should n't have been as strong as it was and it would have been scattered .
there was also another scent but it was n't nearly enough to sort out ; the blood and death smell all around took care of that .
i moved away a little , catching more of tony 's scent , but once again , it was localized , like drops of blood or something .
his scent was there and i was picking it up .
deryn and paul followed along behind , puzzled looks on their faces until they detected tony 's blood scent as well .
the scent and the blood drops stopped abruptly at the back wall of a nearby building .
looking around and scenting everything , i could barely detect xenides ' scent and even less of rahim alif .
rahim alif and xenides ' scents notwithstanding , there was another scent there and it was likely my mister .
rahim alif and xenides ' scents notwithstanding , there was another scent there and it was likely my mister .
i wanted to check it over for scents , but i found another mister inside .
i knew that voice , that scent .
` ` the vampire 's scent at the hotel was also tainted , '' i said .
` ` all of the bad vampires there that night had the same tainted scent . ''
` ` i 'll never get that scent out of my nose . ''
at least i had a name to put with his face and scent , now .
the house certainly held the woman 's as well as the vampire 's scents .
i knew he was vampire at least three seconds before he arrived , just by the scent .
five minutes before the scent of human bodies reached me .
it was the hostage , all right ; he was the one whose scent i 'd been given .
thunder rumbled over the ship a while before tony 's footsteps sounded and his scent reached me long before he did .
there 's a faint scent of someone else that i did n't find at the other place .
i was nearly to the room we 'd been investigating when i caught the scent .
room 318 is the other scent , i gave the information to tony the moment i walked inside the dorm room .
` ` weldon , i need somebody with a good nose to go to the next crime scene , and i ' m thinking there will be a next one , just to see if there 's any vampire scent .
better yet , if they find more dead bodies , see if there 's vampire scent around those . ''
that does n't mean they do n't go howl at the moon or ca n't track a scent for miles .
he said he 'd visited the first site where the three children had been found , but too much rain had fallen and water and time had confused any scent that might be picked up .
i could n't really get a scent off him , which prevented me from knowing his age or anything else about him .
i could n't get a scent off him but there was one thing i did know - and had known since the first time i 'd seen him - he was n't vampire .
i was getting weird scents off him and knew he was upset and agitated , even without seeing him moving around as he was .
there was also a vampire nearby ; i could tell by the scent .
` ` we have a sighting - and the scent , of course , '' paul went right into the information he had .
we ' ve caught vampire scent , too .
` ` i imagined that the description of the human was a compulsion that he 'd placed to throw us off the scent . ''
he had n't been close enough to get my scent before but as far as i knew , no other creature could disappear that way .
in the brief scent i 'd gotten off xenides , he was at least a thousand years older than wlodek .
the scent of it was all over the room .
i should n't have bothered ; i 'd know those scents anywhere .
both prisoners were already inside the chamber ; sebastian was over to the side , the other prisoner was close by and i got his scent the moment i walked inside the cave .
brock 's scent told me immediately that merrill had made him .
he 'd frowned slightly when i informed him that i could determine the age of any vampire by scent .
his scent was one of the lightest ones i 'd encountered among vampires .
franklin was there as well , i could tell by the scent .
i just could n't handle your scent any longer .
the scents came as soon as merrill handed me out of the car and i could have told you which ones were the oldest and which the youngest .
wlodek was n't far away and i already knew that wlodek had sired flavio , just by the scent .
some of those vampires had very old names and the scent of extremely old vampire to accompany them .
the scents of human women mixed with that of vampire males , varying in ages from younger to very , very old .
the scent of winkler 's se**n was all over me now , along with tate 's blood .
honestly , i did n't appreciate the scents winkler left on me either , but there was n't anything i could do about it .
it was a grand estate , no doubt about it , and more than likely still contained sergio 's scent .
i could also tell by scent that they 'd been sired by the same vampire .
i could tell by scent they were all related .
i knew his scent .
that werewolf had the scent of winkler on him , along with a bit of winkler 's blood .
it did n't matter , i 'd know by their scent they were vampires .
rhett was a little younger than dalroy and i knew by the scent that dalroy had made him .
kelvin was staring at the tabletop but as soon as he got a whiff of my scent , he drew in a huge breath and stiffened , his dark eyes wide as he lifted them to stare at me .
` ` they say they can tell by the scent , '' tony said .
figuring that i 'd be followed once i left the building , i caught scent of my tracker .
the vampire 's scent offended my nose more as time went along .
i had the scent of saxom 's get in my nose that night , and anything that smelled like that died .
i knew when we passed the two vampires at the entrance to the cave - russell and stephan , this time , i could tell by the scent .
i knew the strange vampire 's scent from the night before , however .
if i had n't smelled the scent of garbage , i would never have found the door .
i followed the scent instead , sensing a slight bit of air sifting through a crack between a wall and the nearly invisible portal .
instead , her scent had gone cold inside it .
` ` i was just about to call you , the police found the cadillac abandoned in del city and it has the scent all over it . ''
there was a lighter scent , too , that belonged to the female .
vampires always knew one another by scent .
a female vampire 's scent was an aphrodisiac to some males of the species .
gavin had been close to ilaisaane and susila many times - they were both female council members and he 'd not felt as much pull from either of them as this slight scent from the cellar .
gavin 's scent had permeated the guesthouse ; i 'd noticed that right away after coming back from feeding earlier .
i had his scent .
he had a scent that did n't come close to anyone else .
winkler was n't in the car but he 'd been inside it , and there was n't any scent of blood or anything else that might indicate he 'd been killed .
there was also another scent there and it surprised me a little - mexican food .
i followed the scents .
when i caught the scent where the footprints ended , i nearly gave up hope right then and there .
i 'd gotten a really good scent off winkler 's captors .
and the security guard 's body had n't been transported inside the car ; the scent of it was n't there .
i did n't catch a scent at any of them .
i sure as hell was n't telling him about the scents of those men or the one associated with the dead body .
she found the three who kidnapped the secondary using what little she had at her disposal , including scent and deduction skills .
whitney 's scent was fresh .
two other scents were phil and possibly the mailman .
i had his scent , now .
weldon and daryl were ahead of the pack by several seconds when they shifted direction , veering away from a stand of trees and following whatever scent they 'd picked up , i suppose .
i did n't want to set weldon down anywhere ; the wolves chasing us would be able to pick up his scent .
i just hoped his scent would n't drift to the ground .
it was his arms , and his scent , and he left me as soon as he knew i was waking .
she was a werewolf ; i could now tell the subtle differences between a human and a werewolf in human form by scent .
i felt guilty about washing tony 's scent off my body , but there was n't any way i wanted a nosy werewolf asking if i 'd been meeting somebody .
like winkler 's scent .
i got the scent off the dead security guard .
and then i recognized the scent of two of those men when they came out of the restaurant .
he could n't deny the scent of her any longer and he 'd held her tightly against him while her body shivered and convulsed in climax .
i just had n't sorted out the complexities of the scent , yet .
the older the vampire , the spicier and more exotic the scent , and here were some very old vampires .
his scent was much lighter than theirs and he was tapping quietly away on a laptop .
russell did n't smell that old ; his scent was close to that of the young one sitting next to the oldest one at the table .
i suppose they could all do that ; tell from the scent the approximate age or who was older than whom .
the old one 's features belied his scent , which was very , very old to me .
what i can tell you is this - after that night in the council chamber , i could have picked out any member just by their scent , along with the scents of the enforcers or whatever they were , standing around the perimeter .
what i can tell you is this - after that night in the council chamber , i could have picked out any member just by their scent , along with the scents of the enforcers or whatever they were , standing around the perimeter .
i knew the scents of every one of those council members , in addition to which ones had voted for and against me .
a maid answered the door and she was human , i could tell right away by the scent .
there was a scent about him that had the telltale exotic spice , but there was more than that and it smelled to me like a fresh wind in a spring field .
the rogue would be able to scent gavin , but when i was mist , i did n't have a scent .
no luck getting the vampire 's scent that way .
the scent was nearly overpowering when we walked inside the bar and it scared me .
the scent of burning was in my nostrils and i could n't smell anything other than that .
i realized i could connect the two by scent .
` ` well , '' i began , ` ` when i finally learned that gavin 's scent was the scent of a vampire , i was able to compare that to the scents of other vampires i met afterward .
` ` well , '' i began , ` ` when i finally learned that gavin 's scent was the scent of a vampire , i was able to compare that to the scents of other vampires i met afterward .
` ` well , '' i began , ` ` when i finally learned that gavin 's scent was the scent of a vampire , i was able to compare that to the scents of other vampires i met afterward .
when they took me into the council chamber that night , i knew immediately , just from the scent , that wlodek was the oldest vampire , there .
it 's almost a relief to smell the harsh , stingy scent of disinfectant in the air - at least there 's one difference between the air inside and the air outside .
i had n't noticed the odd scent of grease and cleaner before .
we must be in the meat district - there 's a lingering scent of blood in the air mixed with a trace of rancid fat .
i ca n't breathe , and then i ' m breathing too much , and with every breath comes the scent of the cryo liquid , and that scent is killing me .
i can sense from which direction the wind blows before it touches my face ; i can shut my eyes and still tell where everyone is based on their scent alone .
i throw my arms around her and breathe in her doggie scent .
his scent is clean like a bar of soap , but with a sweet hint of mechanical oil .
his scent makes me ravenous .
they were like rabid wild animals on the scent of a new and unaware prey .
nick , even with the multiple dog and people scents attached to him , is no risk to me .
the scent of the pil ow under my head , though - the scent is vaguely familiar .
i had no idea i could recal his scent so acutely .
i know her scent , like something sweet and edible , an observation i whispered months ago when i wanted nothing more than to make her shiver from wanting me .
it had a thin , metallic scent .
the cold scent knocked my senses into overdrive .
the scent of fire was strong and thick .
all those times we had to wash the scent of a basement rave out of tony 's clothes , or let tony onto our computers to go places his parents would n't let him go .
i recognized the scents of the garage as he continued up the stairs .
he was stil thinking about her cocky smile and the way she chewed stick after stick of gum , the way old wal ace gunn chain - smoked lucky strikes , when he caught the scent of something unfamiliar and nauseating .
the scent i had followed through the halls of jackson before i saw her for the first time .
i knew because the doorway was open , and the particular scent of the sisters crept out .
` ` just my scent .
and not just because i did n't want to be misleading anymore ... i also did n't want to offend her with my , i ' m sure , rank scent .
i liked to think they smel ed like the tropics but i could never real y catch any scent from them .
close enough that the bobcat appeared to catch our scent .
the eerie whites of his eyes crackled , and the scent of burning ozone filled the room .
we ended the day and hobbled back inside , greeted by the scent of the stew laadan had cooked up .
the air was thick with the scent of juniper , blood , and burnt flesh and metal .
so was the very faint , almost untraceable scent of sulfur .
the scent of death clung to the shoebox , invading my senses .
the scent of something burning surrounded me , and hayden 's lips thinned and now his eyes were all black .
his scent had been everywhere .
the odd , pleasing scent was stronger than those elements .
somehow i knew that scent was coming from him .
` ` you were right , ashe , '' he said to the tattooed one , but never looked over , ` ` she has the same aggressive scent . ''
i could easily detect the scent of wood and leaves that had burned in it recently .
i could detect the sanitized scent of hospital soap .
sibyl shut her eyes softly and breathed in deep , taking in his sadistic scent .
a large black bear is making its way toward me about a hundred feet through the trees , probably attracted here by the scent of my kill .
the moose 's blood rises up into my nostrils heavily , but for some reason unknown to my human mind , this time my throat does n't retch at the scent of it .
i catch the scent of bleach and pine - sol from the raggedy mop that hangs stiffly over the deck railing .
i catch the scent of funky moisture and mildew and rotting wood before isaac even opens the door .
he takes in a deep , aggressive breath and catches the scent on the wind .
i inhale deeply to catch the scent and practically choke on it , only now realizing how thickly it moves through the forest .
desperate and tired , helpless and besieged by the meat scent of burning comrades , he did something he had not done in a very long time , not since madrigal was ripped nak*d from his arms at the temple of ellai .
ziri smelled them now - mingled with the sweet char of grass was the odor of scorched fur , horns , and , horribly , the cookfire scent of meat - and he imagined his comrades ' souls hovering over the clearing , maintaining a tenuous connection with their burnt bodies for as long as they could .
the scent of sulfur , the creak of chain , these were the only signs .
the scent of sulfur ; this had given brimstone his name .
` ` as you say , '' thiago said , and karou was sure she did not imagine , as he swept her room with a glance , that his head lifted in just the way it had when he had caught her scent across the court .
she could hear the dig of his claws in the dirt floor and she could smell the musk scent of him , but she still could n't look at him .
she would have burned incense to cover their scent .
` ` this way the dogs wo n't pick up our scent , '' he whispers back matter - of- factly .
it 's the smell of thousands of unwashed bodies packed closely together , underneath the stinging , burning scent of industrial - strength bleach and cleanser .
carina 's was filled with the scent of blood ... and sex .
eric moved swiftly through the shadows tracking her , following her light sweet scent until he saw her .
he wondered what they would be , what it would look like , and most of all - he hoped it had her scent .
his scent filled her head as she spoke , saying words that broke her heart .
the scent of charred flesh filled the air , but no one came .
what else would have that scent - the intoxicating smell of a human soul ?
the scent that lingered on him was the residual essence of those he 'd killed , clinging to his flesh .
the scent swirled off of collin making me crazy .
your scent is a hundred times greater than mine , because there is a live soul in your body .
i could n't catch his scent anymore , which meant mine was much more potent .
i called the shadow back to me , and made it cover my body , hoping that it would seal in my scent and allow collin to regain his composure .
her scent is different - more powerful .
his scent was perfect , like the boy from his memory - not the demon slave .
i could sense it was imminent - the scent of your blood combined with your suffering - you were prime martis material .
they would catch my scent immediately .
he 'll catch your scent , with the faint smell of angel blood that flows through your veins .
the shadows would shroud me , locking in my scent , as long as i held them in place .
that fragrance would mask my scent well enough .
the bones of the dead would amplify the shadow 's ability to conceal eric 's scent .
she was trying to catch our scent .
i ' m still wondering why i ca n't catch your scent . ''
it collided with the shadows i called to shroud my scent .
its breath did n't have the rancid scent that flooded from the demons ' mouths .
his scent , his touch , his beautiful face ... and more than anything i wanted to taste him .
i ' ve tracked you , following the scent of your blood .
something tugged the shadows that masked my scent , and it did n't matter how hard i tried to retain them , the shadows were ripped away in one painful pull .
as the last cold shadow was torn away , the demons caught my scent and turned their snarling deformed heads toward me - and charged .
my scent was n't shrouded , the bond was n't silent , and any normal person would have noticed a chick standing an inch behind him - but collin did n't .
collin breathed in deeply , as if he could n't catch my scent otherwise .
i had no shadows to shroud my scent , and they noticed me when we passed too closely to them .
i left the church building , unshrouded by shadows so that there was nothing masking my scent .
the scent of his blood subtly slowed my movements as i passed him .
his touch , his voice , his scent - they could all be used to manipulate me .
but as soon as the scent intensified , so did my fury .
i was still high on his scent .
eric 's scent , his taste , his touch on my body .
the scent of his blood hit me hard , and i pulled away .
and the crimson trail that was on his lip made my back go rigid as the scent of his blood slammed into me .
the scent of his blood filled my mind , freezing me in place .
the scent of his blood filled my head , as collin forced me behind him .
the scent of his blood filled the air , and assaulted me .
his scent grew stronger and stronger , until he stopped with only a step between us .
the heavy scent filled my head .
the curve of his neck , the scent of his body - it was all the same .
and then she 'd sniff the air again and the scent was gone .
i only caught a glimpse because they were in another branch of the maze ; but if they catch nikki 's scent- '' ` ` my scent ? ''
now it is a scent , a drying memory , an echo .
he dragged the cigar along the bottom of his nose , breathing in the scent .
i asked , trying to distract my thoughts from his scent , not wanting to be a total weirdo .
that was new to me , the idea that a guy would have a particular scent .
but whatever nameless , faceless guy i thought of late at night , as my hand slipped between my thighs , i 'd now give him a scent .
not even that scent , necessarily .
she sniffed again and could n't find the scent .
there was no evidence of him ever having been there , not even the scent of lingering smoke .
` ` do n't worry , '' jai murmured in her ear and she could n't help but shiver at the feel of him so close , his dark , exotic scent tickling her every sense .
~23~ the coppery scent of death flying was n't ari 's thing .
the scent of sage hit her nose in the muggy atmosphere , lifted by the musky scent of animal .
haven could smell the fresh pastry , the subtle scent of something burned told her who had made them .
a scent no one else would notice , but one that makes me want to explode .
her scent untainted .
the scent of sawdust and fresh paint filled the air .
she touched my arm almost as if she were trying to get my scent , as if she might soon be chasing me around the world .
the smells of corn dogs and popcorn were lost beneath the scent of oil and grease .
i had every intention of pulling away , but as soon as the scent of her hits me , i ca n't pull back .
he 's like a bear , leaving his scent behind for girls .
i smell my arm , to see if i picked up his scent .
his scent , which was all damp dark earth , overwhelmed me .
a scent that might spark ideas .
i had no way to trace it , but i knew the scent .
i wanted to imprint his touch , his taste , event the scent of him so solidly inside me that no one - no one - could take them away from me .
i inhaled the same scents i had that first night in the tahoe .
the scent of his cologne filled me with panic and revulsion .
but the cabs are all occupied , and , as if the scent of my distress has suddenly reached her , mia swivels back around to see me , to see the photographer approaching me , brandishing his cameras like machetes .
but mia 's like a bloodhound , tracking a scent , and i know her well enough to know that i can either throw her a piece of bloody meat , or let her sniff her way to the real pile of stinking corpses .
instead , i took his hand and let him draw me close , breathed in the frosty scent of him , and was whisked away to our first dance under the stars , the first time i held his hand , looked into his eyes , and was completely lost .
gripping my weapon , i walked to the balcony doors and yanked them open , letting in the breeze and the sharp scent of metal .
but i find no scent of her .
the scent , i realize with the clarity of something you ' ve always known , but never needed to recognize before , of my mother .
the vampires were in an abandoned building so i followed their scent .
* * * who would have thought hunting an evil , grandpa vampire consisted of driving around town with the windows down so dad could sniff the air until he caught a scent ?
that would elude a copter , but the dog will still pick up our scent . ''
there 's no doubt that it 's following our scent , which means that officers on foot ca n't be far behind .
` ` it 's the only way to get the dog from following our scent .
we 'll cross the river so the bloodhound loses our scent and follows this one instead .
bernie kosar seems to agree ; he stands at the foot of the bed , sniffing the air like a guard dog catching a bad scent .
that the mogadorians had n't caught our scent .
through the scent of exhaust and the faint odor of gas fumes from the pumps , i can smell breakfast food in the air .
the scent of his cologne nearly knocked me out .
` ` a scent and a sound , i ' m lost and i ' m found .
the scent of him , a mixture of the outdoors and sandalwood , followed .
the first thing i noticed was the large box beside him , and then the scent of roasted turkey and yams .
his scent was still there .
i recognized the fresh scent .
it was the scent of the coffee that roused me just around five .
the china felt brittle and unpleasant ; the scent was upsetting , though i could n't define it .
the cool air was refreshing , despite the dust and the strong scent of mildew .
i swear i can smell your scent on the breeze , i am getting that close !
and then , like some nightmarish leviathan rising from the deep , the broad shoulders broke the undulating earth , those terrible unblinking black eyes glittering in the glancing glow of the torch , the yawning maw stuffed with three - inch fangs in the middle of the creature 's triangular torso snapping as a shark 's when excited by the scent of blood in the water .
usually it follows the scent of urine into the urethra , wherein it lodges itself to feed upon your innards , but there have been cases where it enters the anus instead and commences to eat its way through your large intestine .
at one point , about five feet from the corpse , he fell to his hands and knees and crawled along the floor , snuffing and sniffing like a hound hot on a scent .
but even if the scent dissipates , the thoughts do n't .
alex leans into the pot of stewed meat and inhales the scent .
i do n't have the heart to tell her that hank might be sniffing for a place to shit , not because he 's actually following a scent .
the overpowering scent of rotting vegetables and meat roiled spencer 's stomach .
as soon as the girls read the last horrible sentence of the letter , their noses twitched with the scent of smoke - the real ali had doused the house in gas and lit a match .
ali 's nose twitched with the scent of something close and sour , and after a moment , she realized it was herself .
` ` so much for checking in under my real name to throw gayle off the scent . ''
the scent of booze and cigarettes wafted under the door .
usually the scent of freshly mowed grass cheered her up , but not today .
she took a step closer , the scent of her chanel no .
to smell the sweet , granny smith apple scent of ali 's neck .
every guy she 'd met went crazy for the scent .
the scent of stale beer instantly assaulted her .
all of a sudden , a new scent emerged .
i smell it again , his scent .
i ca n't detect the scent of beer , but then again , we 're covered in it .
i peek at him from the corner of my eye , wondering if he spots me catching a whiff or if he knows how addicting his scent is to girls .
i can recognize three girls by their scent .
only the scent of green grass broken underfoot reached me , chased with faint animal musk , and the sweetness of white flowers , unfurling in the distance .
i heard sounds of pursuit ; it would n't take them long to figure out why my scent was confusing - and that other freaks had n't already captured us .
the scent of leather livened the air , but unlike the tannery , it was a nice smell , once finished , smooth and buttery .
the moment the wind shifted , it would carry our combined scents to the monsters .
the stench of burning buildings mingled with the unmistakable scent of seared flesh motivated him well enough .
he twisted the blade to widen the wound , and the strange stink hung heavy in the air , overwhelming the clean spray of the river and the crushed green scent of grass trampled underfoot .
the scent of blood had dissipated days past .
with only two of us on the move , our scent should n't be strong enough to attract a big hunting party .
chills crawled over my body when i caught the rare scent of the freaks on the wind - not the old , rotten reek , but the new , meaty animal smell .
past dawn , they caught our scent , and fade and i ran like the devil was at our heels .
but i did n't smell anything , or at least , the scent was too faint for me to place it .
the precious stones shall all unite , the scent of time shall fill the night , once time links the fraternity , one man lives for eternity . ''
but she 'll keep quiet and help us to throw mum , aunt maddy , and charlotte off the scent . ''
` ` the precious stones shall all unite , the scent of time shall fill the night , once time links the fraternity , one man lives for eternity .
breathe in the scent of him .
she was throwing out softballs , laying a false scent for the dogs so they would n't catch me .
i did n't want to erase jed 's scent by showering , so i just got dressed .
and then a scent came to her from the tree .
like the scent of someone thinking too hard ( smells like a burning lampshade ) or the aroma of confusion ( smells like rotisserie chicken ) .
he was certain to pick up a scent of the supernatural there , and track them down .
chapter 3 doomed worthy jix , still in the body of the jaguar , had tracked the ghost train from memphis to oklahoma , following the faint scent of the supernatural .
it was n't a scent , really , but more of an absence of scent .
it was n't a scent , really , but more of an absence of scent .
now he had a true scent to pursue - because the smell of a skinjacked human is strong , and as easy to follow as the blood trail of a wounded stag .
the scent drew him toward a part of town still busy long after dark , a main avenue full of cafes and clubs .
he quickly scanned the street for alleys and dimly lit crannies - places he could lurk without being seen - then padded off in the direction of the scent .
it was almost like a scent ; sharp , but not entirely unpleasant .
but like a dog fixed on a scent , the ogre could n't resist .
her ability to - run - howl - run - think clearly had been - food - food - smashed by the scents and sounds assaulting the - sniff - listen - sniff - coyote 's senses , then a rabbit - chase ! -scurried through - chase ! -the underbrush - go ! -and she found herself - food ! -racing after it - catch ! -in pursuit - chase ! -unable to control herself - food ! -and she knew - catch ! -that she - food ! -was in serious - eat ! -serious - eat ! -trouble ... ... back in everlost , the neon nightmares , as they called themselves , were beginning to realize that this train , which had seemed like such a ripe target , was not going to yield a single coin .
he never expected he 'd pick up the wet - lightning scent of skinjacker in the air .
it could n't be moose or milos - they were long gone , and this scent was coming from the city itself .
he followed the scent into corpus christi , and tracked it back to where he least expected .
chapter 34 separate ways they furjacked the jaguars once more , and headed northwest by night beside the highway , constantly sniffing the air for the scent of skinjacking and perhaps something even more exotic .
they found it at dawn , just twenty miles out of corpus christi : a powerful scent indefinable and terrifying , like the deep fumes of tornado - torn earth blended with the bitter noxious tang of imminent death , an unearthly scent that could turn a herd into a panicking stampede .
they found it at dawn , just twenty miles out of corpus christi : a powerful scent indefinable and terrifying , like the deep fumes of tornado - torn earth blended with the bitter noxious tang of imminent death , an unearthly scent that could turn a herd into a panicking stampede .
i knew his scent before i even turned .
the scent of rotting eggs and something so foul and diseased it could only have originated in hell itself , hung in the air .
malek had stepped right up to caia , closing her off from the others and deliberately surrounding her with his scent .
i picked up your scent , that 's how i knew you were out here . ''
she did n't want to analyze the rush of hot shivers that ran down her spine when he mentioned he 'd followed her scent .
lucien had obviously caught her scent because he was looking towards the doorway when she stepped through it .
she must have followed my scent to find me , lucien watched in amusement as she lowered her head and bowed to him .
his reprimand sounded like a tactic to throw her off the scent .
among the scents were two unfamiliar ones - of the non - lykan variety .
the scent caia picked up from her , surprisingly , was a strong vanilla , so strong she could almost taste it .
by the lecherous smirk on mal 's face , and the fury on alexa 's , her scent had already drifted up wind to them and they knew the truth of what their parents had told them this morning .
before he could say anything the pack 's scents hit her .
they walked slowly towards the room , picking up the others ' scents until they were standing immediately outside room 15 .
and then he seemed to catch the scent of the air around him and his silver eyes darkened to almost black .
oh dear goddess , she slumped in relief , understanding now that he had misinterpreted sebastian 's scent on her .
when sebastian was safely outside and his scent had disappeared , caia turned to ryder .
until then only caia had really known the extent of jaeden 's torture but her blood was thick in the air coming up from the basement , and her fear was like the stale scent of body odor .
lucien changed to heal himself quicker and shot off ahead of them , following the scent of the others back to his truck .
marcus had tailed the tall female wolf from the city , following the scent he had found at his dead girlfriend 's body before the sun destroyed any evidence of cora 's existence .
he had refreshed himself with the females scent by breaking into their room and sniffing her clothes .
ryder railed at the vampyre as they followed jaeden 's scent .
she shot past a startled laila , who dived out of her way , and loped into ryder 's room , his scent enveloping her and bringing her anger back to the surface .
he 'd obviously detected her scent amidst the sounds of the disturbance outside .
he has no scent .
ander 's scent .
but the scent i smell is foul , like dirty water that stains the grass after the rainstorm .
i had never even noticed that he had a scent .
i could smell the hot springs that fed the banya , the sharp scent of birch leaves beneath my feet .
the scent i knew so well , that dark green scent of the meadow , was lost beneath the smell of sweat and blood .
the scent i knew so well , that dark green scent of the meadow , was lost beneath the smell of sweat and blood .
this is their scent . ''
what is that scent ?
after i ' ve changed my mud - spattered slippers and rid myself of the scent of the stables , i find her seated at her dressing table , a maid tending to her hair .
the place stunk of vomit , that goes without saying , but vomit that had been baking in the sun during the apocalypse and right alongside the tantalizing scent of puke was a tangy scent of undeodorized armpits .
the place stunk of vomit , that goes without saying , but vomit that had been baking in the sun during the apocalypse and right alongside the tantalizing scent of puke was a tangy scent of undeodorized armpits .
she still lingered here , but once the scent was gone , no part of her would be here again .
who knows what else , if anything else , was said because , despite being unable to hear her running towards me from a half a mile away , or catch the scent of her on the air , or see her coming through that blackest of black tunnels , i could sense her .
the golden dome of the royal theater in the distance , the briny scent of a breeze off the avery , the emerald - tiled roofs and white stones of every building .
which was why perfumers usually kept something on site to help clear the scent from the nose .
she 'd fled into the dressing room and changed her clothes , hoping the scent would n't linger .
she did n't hesitate before twining her arms over his shoulders , breathing in the scent of him .
i rolled around a bit in the cool hollow left by his body and sniffed the pillow for a good five minutes , trying to capture the faint scent he left behind .
as we pick up the deer 's scent trail again , i go back to daydreaming about drawing my blade across vale 's throat .
since liv and perry picked up human scents earlier , we do n't risk a fire .
if they have a scire , then they will track us by scent .
bloodlust gave a scorching red scent , common to man and beast alike .
another dweller 's scent , coming at him from behind .
warm blood but a rancy , decaying scent as well .
the ocean was a good thirty minutes ' walk to the west , but fishermen carried the scent of their trade everywhere .
but after dark , the cloud of human emotions lifted , leaving quieter scents .
her scent was faded , almost gone .
talon 's scent came at him in a fetid wave .
talon 's scent was too much like mila 's had been when the illness came in force .
knew her off - putting scent .
but perry imagined a bitter red scent .
the scents rolling past did n't carry enough panic for a raid .
brisk scents .
perry could n't believe he 'd missed picking up the buck 's scent .
he remembered her scent from the night in the dweller fortress .
perry burned some dry oak leaves to mask her dweller scent and stayed awake through the night .
the cold scent of her fear came at him , flickering blue at the edges of his vision .
this close , her dweller scent was making him sick .
walking ahead held another advantage besides avoiding her scent .
they 'd leave the tides ' land soon so he paid close attention to the scents carrying on the wind .
her fear wove with the woodsmoke , but there were no other dweller scents .
he trapped her wrist and brought the shirt up , drawing the scent in .
he 'd crossed the croven 's scent soon after he had left her .
the croven would surely have a scire among them who 'd latch on to perry 's scent .
he searched for animal scents , hoping to find anything but the musk of wolves .
this close , he also caught aria 's scent again .
a scent he could never get enough of .
something about the boy 's scent had set the back of perry 's nose thrumming last night .
was it the pine or cinder 's strange aether scent throwing off his nose ?
the scent of his own cooked flesh brought him back to a world where pain was everything .
he counted more than two dozen individual scents .
the medical facility 's scents had reminded him of mila last year .
his noxious scent burst in the back of perry 's nose , followed by the icy burn of his fear .
had perry remembered her asking about their scent ?
the scent of longing .
he could ' ve gotten lost in that scent if it were n't for the dankness of her temper .
like the scent coming off a wet rock . ''
most of the time , a lot of times ... there are a few scents in a temper .
nervous tempers are sharp scents .
` ` you have a voice as sweet as your scent , '' he said , his words deep and quiet .
about the power of her scent on him .
` ` all the scents are off . ''
perry showed her how to hold the bow and set her feet , keeping himself upwind where he could avoid her scent .
the pungent scent of burnt hair mingled with charred flesh and wood .
he could no longer count on it to mask their scents and keep the wolves at bay .
they raised their shining snouts , reading scents as he did , then laid back their ears and bared their teeth , their hackles rising .
they have a scent that ca n't be ignored , if you get what i mean . ''
` ` would that be your scent ? ''
your scent would be different . ''
chapter 37 aria the next morning , perry told her the wolves ' scents were faint .
he breathed in their tempers , the scents both right and wrong .
perry would have scent memories - all the tempers he 's scented from wylan .
her scent set his pulse racing .
roar 's temper had brought a fine , charred scent to the chamber .
the scent of his fear flooded the chamber .
she had no idea what her scent alone was doing to bring him back .
the scent of obsession .
the scent of smoke drifted in from outside .
this was the scent of campfire , clean and alive , like the one she and perry had built together only a night ago .
i hope you will not consider it a violation , but i went through your seabag for a possible clue to your whereabouts , an address where you might have gone or somesuch , but it yielded nothing , nothing but the scent of you on your clothing that i confess i pressed to my face and kept there for a long time .
part four * * * the scent of memory ` ` foundling wheels '' for every italian hospital ?
the scent of memory is very powerful here .
ollie was already outside and i as approached the door , i caught the scent of rain in the air .
within seconds , her scent surrounded me .
` ` i am sure that particular scent has never assaulted the senses in a proper english drawing room . ''
she closed her eyes , pushing his scent back out of her .
her scent surrounds me .
the scent of bruised fir tree surrounded him .
the boy lay beside the animal , smelling the deep bearish scent of it , pushing against the fur and feeling the softness and the warmth .
the room inside was cold and smelled of plaster , chemicals , and the sharp , uncomfortable scent of strong disinfectant .
there was a fresh human scent here , though the street seemed empty .
as his footsteps and smell died away , wolf became aware of another scent .
among all the confused noises , wolf could hear the shrill complaints of robby 's mother , and among all the compounded smells , he could distinguish the scent of the policeman who had wanted to impound him .
in and out i breathed - and caught the most disgusting scent ever .
i even caught the little - girl scent of her , so sweet it somehow overshadowed the odor of rot .
i recognized the scent of blood .
could smell the strong odor of room cleaner overlaid by the rank scent of rot .
that energy also gives off a scent the zombies find offensive , which is why we launder our clothes in a diluted mix of the chemicals .
on his scent , a dark , rich spice .
at nine thirty - three i was outside the house and standing beside him - and the rank scent of rot coated the air .
the scent of rot intensified , making me gag .
a stroke of good fortune - until a gust of wind snuck up behind me and tossed my scent at the combatants .
halfway there , i inhaled the scent of rot .
the scent is unbelievably strong . ''
i 'd smelled the scent of rot the night of the break - in .
i could smell the pine and soap of his scent .
his heat and scent surrounded me , drugged me .
the closer we drew , the stronger the scent of rot became , and i gagged .
i could still smell his scent , though , soap and something woodsy , a hint of the animal he could sometimes be .
the scent of rot clung to my nose , the wildflowers and sunshine gone .
i loved his warmth and his scent and his strength and wanted nothing more than to bask in them , but i forced myself to move away from him .
i waited for the scent of her to hit me , to unnerve and obsess me , but encountered only a soft waft of the expensive perfume probably embedded in her skin .
i could swear i still smelled the scent of burning wood and i thought i was going to be sick again .
her nostrils flared , taking in his scent .
something had found their scent , locked onto their trail .
flat , batlike nostrils flared and sniffed for his scent .
his nose shot up , and he stared straight at jake , as if he 'd just caught the scent of a rabbit ... a rabbit he did n't like .
everyone craved the scent , and nobody could have it .
not hard , since the scent of dark roast wafted in the air .
it would be difficult to track a signature scent on him .
her signature scent .
yes , that 's xander 's signature scent for sure .
lulette had picked up the scent like a bloodhound .
` ` it does n't even have a scent . ''
as trevor started through , he paused , catching the distinct scent of a person other than victor .
each had a different scent .
something about the scent was ... unnatural .
but yes , we bested the maumet , we found the scroll , and we might even get away before our enemies catch our scent .
the scent triggered memories .
ignoring the scents , nedwin found the hatch to the basement and then the disguised hatch to the subbasement .
rachel felt acutely aware of the smell of the rocks and soil beneath her , the scent of the little pine beside her .
we must keep away from the scent of blood . ''
the largest lies to the south and already has your scent . ''
the scent of your blood could lure them into folly .
this dog knew your scent .
` ` if it had your scent , you made the right choice . ''
` ` he was probably excited to get a full dose of your scent .
the moss had no scent , unless it was faintly like grass clippings .
his nostrils flared delicately , as if he were- he was getting a whiff of her scent .
no , it was the scent that marked her as her - the smell of her lineage and blood and what and who she was .
the scent was n't natural ; it did n't belong in this world .
my wind is already blowing our scent away from them , but not for long .
they were well away from the fortress , headed south and up into the mountains , when rowan said , ` ` they ' ve all been keeping their distance because of the scent you put out . ''
` ` your scent says that you do n't want to be approached .
she had forgotten how primal the fae were , with their scents and mating and territorial nature .
it was their bond , marked by blood and scent and something else she could n't place .
well , she 'd spied a droplet of dark blood on a nearby rock , and then rowan had followed the scent back toward the cliffs .
the rain began again , but the dead scent still clung to everything .
the creature stalked them , even as rowan used his wind to blow their scent away .
` ` he 's like a hound on a scent . ''
far below , she prayed that rowan was keeping the creature occupied the way she 'd told him to - leading it in circles with the scent on her tunic .
she threw herself behind a tree , a hand over her mouth to keep her jagged breaths contained as the wind pushed her scent away .
and then five pairs of bare feet slithered along the road , after the scent that now darted and hurtled down , down to the creature running right at them .
he pulled her against him , her back to his chest as he folded his arms around her , hiding her scent from the monsters raging below .
it was to that scent that she awoke when the maid screamed .
they lurked just out of sight , but in her fae body she could smell them , the steel and the crisp scent of whatever soap they must use in the barracks .
his scent : tequila , cologne , and a splash of cigarette smoke .
she smelled something and it was ... she groped after the comparison ... yes , it was the scent of wet pennies .
there 'd been the ammonia reek of urine and the coppery stink of blood - and another sourer scent , riding just beneath .
the faint scent of char whisked up from the valley .
they 'd kept on running as that weird light faded , and then they 'd run some more , stumbling on by flashlight until the only scents alex picked up were of the forest and themselves .
its solidity was reassuring , and so was its scent : gun oil , the faint metallic char of burnt powder .
and then she caught its scent and thought , wait .
every now and again , the dark silhouette of his head would turn as he looked over at them , his scent steady and sure , and she knew he would keep them safe , no matter what .
the choice between bedding down in the ladies ' room or a tent did n't seem much of a contest to alex , and she noticed that the nip of that scent had sharpened .
alex kept her window cracked - for air , she said - but she did n't catch a scent that raised any alarms .
an arrow of indecision flicked through his eyes , there and then gone in a second , but a sharp nip she 'd first caught from larry , the mingled scent of cleaning solvent and gun oil , leaked from his skin .
i ' m not saying it would be easy , but- '' even without the scent to give him away , she knew the truth .
his scent altered , and then she heard his sharp intake of breath , felt his shock beneath her hand - and knew her words had found their mark .
` ` i ' m trying to keep my people safe , '' tom said , but alex heard a new note in his voice she could n't decipher , and then she picked up that stinging , sharply chemical scent and thought , tom 's not just scared .
she took a tentative , experimental sniff , got nothing but the scent of motor oil and gasoline .
then she caught the scent , something very familiar .
she did n't know how many might be there , but their scent was indescribable - not like dog at all .
this was not exactly the same , but the scent was calmer somehow , like ... friend ?
the wolves ' scent remained unchanged ; no one was storming after her , and she decided to chance it .
40 at dusk , she caught their scent : faded and musty .
alex thought her scent was very sour , the combination of days without washing and annoyance rolling off in a cloying fug .
the scent that came from the animal was like a splash of cool water on a hot day .
his eyes were as jet - black as his dog , his cheekbones were high and sharp as ax heads , and his scent was a complex mix of the darkness itself : cold mist and black shadows .
a splinter of ice stabbed the dark mist of chris 's scent .
no hint of anger crossed his face ; there was nothing to betray him except his scent .
chris may have been only a little older than alex , but he was very calm , a lot like tom in some ways , and alex thought she understood why chris 's scent was so ... what was the word ?
` ` you 're welcome , '' he said , but he did not smile and his scent thickened , folding him in darkness again .
even in that queer moonlight , chris 's eyes and hair were as dark as his scent .
she sensed a sudden wariness , a reserve that reeked of secrets and shame , and his scent got even darker .
the shadows in chris 's scent thickened , and alex thought that his father was someone chris did n't like thinking about .
as straightforward as she appeared to be , her scent was ... well , what alex imagined white smelled like .
jess 's scent was a blank .
she saw more dogs butting their noses against the diner 's plate glass , and she smelled how much rounder and more fecund their scents grew when they spotted her .
when jet caught her scent , the black shepherd barked a greeting , and chris turned , spied them , and lifted a hand before continuing on .
alex saw the back of yet another guard , and as the women disappeared , she caught the thinnest finger of a scent coming from beyond the door .
it was familiar , a scent she 'd picked up before : tobacco and rotted teeth and old whiskey .
peter was nodding , but chris 's face was impassive , the scent of his darkness very strong .
if anything , his dark scent grew even blacker - not anger , alex thought , but embarrassment .
despite what ernst had said , she trusted kincaid about as much as she trusted anyone in this place , maybe because his scent reminded her so much of her father .
as in a scent ? ''
harlan has ... had a certain scent i recognized . ''
` ` you saying yeager has a scent ?
everyone has a scent .
judging from the stony look jess gave the rev when he started in on his brother rant - the way her scent , so white and blank , swelled - there was something about brother stories that touched a nerve in her , too .
there was no change in his scent at all .
the scent of his darkness had not changed , but when she slid her arms around his waist , she felt the warmth of his back against her chest .
her normally sour scent did not change .
there was nothing for a moment , and then , as he turned , she caught a fleeting scent of apples .
at night , as sarah slept , she would lie still and try to block out the distant crack of rifles and summon up tom 's face , his scent , a flashbulb moment ... anything .
the older woman 's scent betrayed nothing , and alex thought once more of how jess was a little like yeager that way .
her scent was not like cloudy glass , however : just ... nothing .
jess 's scent was a big zip - zero , like the white spot chris associated with his mother .
jess 's scent might be a white blank , but something flashed across the older woman 's face just as she looked away that alex could read , loud and clear .
the scent of his shadows was stronger , as if they were closing around , trying to protect him somehow .
knew it from his scent .
her scent had not changed , but that did n't mean much .
jess 's voice was as icy as her scent .
he was close enough now that she could read his despair , and then she suddenly caught the keener edge of another scent she knew : horror .
frantic now not just with fear but dread , she pulled in a huge breath , trying to tease out wolf boy 's scent .
she would know him by scent alone , anywhere , but all she got now was that overpowering stench and the reek of her fear .
her mind flashed to that long , awful road into rule - and the instant she 'd realized the wolves were there because of how heavy the air grew as the alpha 's scent bloomed : still wolf but also no threat .
she watched as they sidestepped the unconscious girl - and never wavered but just kept coming , silent and implacable , that weird choke of hot turpentine and resin mixed with roadkill so strong it was as if that scent somehow yoked them together the way beads ranged on a strong cord .
wolf was tasting her , savoring her scent the way a snake sampled the air .
it was a scent she also knew , very well .
he 's got the same eyes , the same scent .
even that shadowy scent was the same .
same face , and floating above that roadkill reek , that shadowy scent was a dead ringer , too .
there was nothing she could glean from his scent either , which remained as inscrutable as his expression .
this scent was similar .
okay , given the charry scent , that added up , but judging from the snow cover , no fire had burned in that hearth for some time .
apathetic : that 's what their scent said .
startled , the scent of his surprise spiking her nose , beretta jerked up just as her fist jackhammered his jaw .
she thought of how hard she 'd struggled to hang onto him : his face , his scent , the way he looked at her .
nothing flat - out obscene , but his hand might brush and then linger on her arm , his shadowy scent strengthening , growing headier by the second .
from the metallic scent of hard ice and what she 'd been able to make out in the failing light , the changed had claimed someone 's old lake place : a swank and very large victorian with gingerbread , a porch swing , and even a flagpole .
spider 's scent suddenly cut at her nose , and then she spied the girl , on skis , floating out of the woods like a bad dream .
that would explain the many packs that did not belong to them , the scent of spent powder , beretta 's injury , and the blood .
the girl 's scent was more sour than ever but void of useful information .
she caught spider 's scent almost at once , from behind a closed door .
catching the dog 's scent , mellie 's horse , a mild tobiano paint , nickered .
only chuckies acted like dogs catching a scent .
considering daniel 's sickness , the fume of sewage , and the salt grime of her own skin , it was a wonder she snagged any stray scents at all .
she heard daniel moving , the grind and squeal of stone , and she froze- because his scent was suddenly bitter and rank , and there was no mistake .
that 's his scent .
his scent had torn apart and faded .
but ... he had a scent .
she tottered to her feet and stumbled back , away from the blood and temptation , away from his meat , that scent , his smell .
he did not know which was worse : the steady , strong claw of his hunger that simply refused to stop - because the scent of that meat was so strong and he was really and truly dying - or the sudden , cold blast of horror .
sniffed me out , just like i caught his scent earlier this morning .
the scent deepened .
until now , this moment , because heading toward them was a boy she recognized by sight and scent : ben stiemke .
the old doctor turned his seamed face first left and then right , searching the dark corners of the old stable , lifting his chin like a bloodhound straining to catch a scent .
when the wind changed and she got your scent . ''
her head lolled toward a coil of scent that was black mist and something sweet , crisp ... chris ?
catch her scent , might as well ring the dinner bell .
the scent was familiar and yet indescribable , one that made her think both of ghost , her blue - eyed weimaraner , and the road to rule , where she 'd seen the wolves and that yellow - eyed alpha male .
it was in his smell , one that said family ; that breathed safe in a sweet perfume of lilacs and honeysuckle ; that was the scent of her father , ghosting from the haunted attic of her mind : jump , sweetheart .
no warning , no red - alerts from the monster , no change in acne 's scent at all - really , how much hungrier could the kid get ? -and he did it fast , in absolute silence , launching himself like a missile she only half - registered from the corner of her eye .
nothing changed in his scent .
behind , she heard the cabin 's door open ; felt his eyes , knew his scent .
` ` i do n't think so , '' lang began , as davey stiffened like a dog catching a new scent .
while this was only her second day at the lake house , she was fast coming to know darth 's scents and moods .
the only time anything like that happened with wolf , when his scent shifted and became an aroma that was safety and family and desire , was around her .
the scent had n't deepened to and , oh , what big teeth you have , but she felt her heart giddyap in a spastic gallop .
she inched her eyes , sweeping up from untrammeled snow to the denser green of the woods and a screen of low cedar - and it was right there , so perfectly still that were it not for its scent , she 'd never have known where to look .
possibly , but the scent was n't right .
like the alpha wolf , this animal 's scent did n't scream hunger or danger .
she read in his face and smelled in his scent the shock of recognition , and understood : wolf knew this gun .
they were close enough that when his scent became chris's - not only cool mist but bittersweet - the shift and the meaning were unmistakable .
all of a sudden , from her left , came a new scent , but one she recognized .
yet the scent from that man in black , the eye in that red storm , was distinctive , too .
it was in what he did , and his scent .
see if she picked up wolf 's scent ?
whatever i figure out is from the scent . ''
he sniffed and got a light scent of wood smoke : drifting down from the northeast and the center of town .
you drop north , so she circles , tracks you by scent , and meets you head - on .
she threw a glance , but there were too many trees , and she was much too far away to catch the scent .
but he wo n't be able to manage it , because this boy 's fear is strong and she is close now ; his full , rich , raw scent fills her mouth , and- pushpush - she will have him .
of all the scents c4 might have ...
from the hollow , clawing scent mingling with roadkill , these kids were hungry .
at the scent of wolf 's fuming rage , her monster gave her a nudge , wanting to get out , make contact .
everything came together , all the pieces : the early warning ; why the children were gone ; that fleeting scent at the village hall and on this decoy bomb she had n't dwelled on , something so minute , barely there at all - and she 'd had to hold her grief at bay because there were so many more important things to worry about , like keeping the monster in check and her head from being blown off .
she should ' ve understood that from the very beginning because of his scent , musk and smoke and spice so rich and sweet and strong , what she 'd told herself was only wishful thinking .
a heavy scent , one that is like a crushed tin can left out in a storm , fogs the air .
this particular scent was thicker and metallic , but not aluminum .
clamping her lips together to corral the scream , emma holds herself very still as the rounded knob of its head lifts , the thing seeming to taste the air , sniff out a scent .
my wolf - sharpened sense of smell caught the scent of ice - cream cones , of asphalt , of churning ocean , of swirling beer , of first kisses and last kisses .
i inhaled , and could only smell air freshener and soap , no wolf scent .
scent : acid and fruit , sweet and rotten .
now that i 'd caught the scent , it was hard for me to think of anything else .
the black alpha taught me to follow scent trails at the edge of our territory .
i could n't find whatever scent it was that i 'd caught before .
i wished that this scent , the one that both cole and i were following , was just a phantom of her , a relic instead of a promise .
the smell of its fear was strong as the rank scent of its coat , and vaguely contagious .
` ` scent is the strongest tie to memory . ''
their scents identified them , more specific than names .
air sharp in our nostrils , scent of deer on the breeze , time to hunt .
but his scent apparently identified him to them , and a flurry of images passed between us , him playing , him hunting , him among the pack .
even as it fell dark , we kept looking , because we both knew that scent would help us more than our sight anyway .
i 'd traded my inherited suv , full of the scent of beck and my life with the wolves , for a volkswagen golf just big enough for me and grace and my guitar .
i rubbed my nose , trying to rid it of the scent of the wolf .
i could pick out the scent of the pack , too , musky and pungent .
when she got into the driver 's seat , i lifted my palm to my nose , trying to catch a whiff of the scent from before .
the scent of wolf .
my sense of smell was nowhere near what it had been when i was a wolf , but my nose still conveyed to me that whoever was inside was one of us ; the musky scent of the pack was only partially obscured by the scent of human sweat .
my sense of smell was nowhere near what it had been when i was a wolf , but my nose still conveyed to me that whoever was inside was one of us ; the musky scent of the pack was only partially obscured by the scent of human sweat .
he recoiled , as if from the scent , not from the movement , because after he had jerked back , his nose continued working .
the sweet , rotten scent of almonds , trapped between my fingers and under my nails .
that scent brought back a rush of memories : jack lying in a bed , seeing him turn into a wolf in front of my eyes , watching him die .
this must have been the side that sam slept on when he snuck in here , because i recognized his scent .
and every time i caught a whiff of her scent , i saw her .
a rush of cold morning air got sucked into the car , smelling of city : exhaust , asphalt , the indefinable scent of a lot of people living in a lot of buildings .
another question was answered by the still - lingering wolf scent on her breath .
the action itself was insignificant , but the movement sent a gasp of scent into the air .
i held him as if he were no more than a family dog , though his wild , sharp scent would n't let me forget what he really was .
i fell asleep to the scent of my wolf .
and he gave off a scent the same as the other wolves around me - rich , feral , musky .
i could smell the faint wolf scent better now , and i sighed with a strange contentedness .
her muzzle curled in distaste as she backed slowly away , and i guessed she recognized grace 's scent layered on top of mine .
i doubted he even knew me now : to him , i was just another human in these woods , despite my vaguely familiar scent .
i was n't sure why jack would smell that way , but i followed the scent through the house .
and part of me , the part that ached with loss when the pack howled at night , was begging to follow that faint scent of the pack into the woods .
he looked at me , and i knew he was waiting for me to verify - to admit that if i tried , i could smell the scent of the pack 's hidden life all around us .
i wondered if she knew how transparent her scent made her , how it told me what she was feeling when she did n't say it out loud .
brake lights glowed dully in the gray day , and i rolled down my window to try and catch a bit of scent .
then the breeze played the driver 's scent right to me , clean and vaguely smoky .
i thought i could hear toenails on the deck , and imagined i could smell shelby 's scent even through the window .
but there were no tracks leading to roads , no trees marked , no scent of a new - made wolf lingering at the school parking lot .
by the time we got off the interstate , i had either gotten used to the smell of sam 's anxiety , or he had calmed down , because the only odor in the car was his musky , wolf wood scent .
there was no wind to carry my scent to him , so i stood for a long minute , assessing him and my options .
thoughts were slippery and transient , faint scents on a frigid wind , too far away to catch .
there were n't many places that still held his scent , but i could almost detect it - or maybe i just wanted to so badly that i was imagining it .
the scent of exhaust hangs in the air , cupped by the rise of the ground around us .
somewhere , someone in skarmouth is making meat pies , because i can smell them on the wind and my stomach grumbles as it rolls to point in the direction of the scent .
i do n't want to stop , but it could be a person , so i make finn stand by dove 's head as i climb up over the stone wall in the direction of the scent .
i feel the mare goddess 's breath on my face , and it carries the scent of thunder in it .
and there 's nothing disagreeable about the grass - hay - manure scent of the malvern yard .
immediately , she was enveloped with the comfortable scent of the room : the faded library - smell of old books , the cool odor of mint , the must - and - rust scent of century - old brick and ancient pipes , the note of funk from the heap of dirty laundry against the wall .
she caught a whiff , strangely , of the old - carpet smell of the guidance counselor 's office , and then the living , green scent of cabeswater .
now he had seen something in adam 's face or eyes , or felt something in that thorn that pricked him , or maybe , like adam , he could now smell the scent of a damp forest floor in the apartment .
the air was clouded with the pleasant and dangerous scent of woodsmoke : somewhere , one of these autumn mountains was on fire .
the air had the dry , complicated scent of a cornfield , but there was no cornfield .
the blade was ordinary stainless steel , its heat only evident by the faint scent of the counter finish melting beneath it .
the air reeked of melting plastic and deceased clutches and , beneath it all , the warm scent of pot .
the scent of coffee drifted under the doorway ; aglionby was beginning to stir .
almost at once , she could smell rain - not the scent of rain coming , but the living , shifting odor of a storm currently waging , the wide - open scent of a breeze moving through water .
almost at once , she could smell rain - not the scent of rain coming , but the living , shifting odor of a storm currently waging , the wide - open scent of a breeze moving through water .
shaken , blue opened her eyes for real , and now she saw the darkness of the cavity around her and smelled the dark , rotten scent of the tree again .
the air that moved slowly around them was rather malodorous ; blue could n't place the scent , though it hinted at familiar things , like rotting onions and feet .
it made her chest hum to touch him and smell the dust - and - oil scent of him .
it stank of beeswax smoke , coal , and the peculiar scent of horse hooves , so meilin could tell already that it had more than its fair share of blacksmiths .
close to trunswick , he walked them through rivers to keep from leaving scent trails for hounds to track .
i leaned my head away from her before the scent of her breath could capture me .
nothing like james ' faint scent of shaving cream and leather from his pipes .
i frowned , turning toward the voice and the scent .
i thought i remembered my mom telling me once that ants walked in straight lines to lay down scent trails to find their way back home .
the closer they walked , the heavier the scent trail .
they 'll lose your scent in the stream and they 'll never find you here .
above the well , the howls fell away ; they 'd lost the scent .
the scent was so strong and came on so quickly that i checked the ground under my sandals to see if i had crushed something .
but no , the scent of thyme was undoubtedly there .
she leapt from her perch with alarming suddenness , fluttering around me like a bird , so close that i caught a whiff of her scent : musky and sweet at once , the smell of a wild thing .
i guess i was thinking there was a scent or something . ''
` ` a scent ?
the scent , combined with saddle oil , was distinctive to this stable and like scents often do , it triggered memories .
the woods smelled fresh and pungent , the scent of the pine trees closest to him by far the strongest .
to throw the dogs off our scent , we waded into an icy stream and followed it until our feet went numb , and when we crossed out of it again , it felt like i was stumbling along on prickling stumps .
from inside it , the sounds of angry voices shouting and dogs , their throats hoarse from barking but unable to stop now that they 'd caught our scent again .
i walked at the front of the group , feeling for hollows , but it was really the pigeon who led us , tugging on its leash like a bloodhound after a scent .
they unspooled across half the room 's length , ten feet or more , and then hung there , wriggling , the creature breathing raggedly through a pair of leprous holes in its face as if tasting our scent , considering how best to devour us .
all that sheep aroma must ' ve masked our scent , because after a minute the creature seemed to give up and reeled out the window .
she saw no tracks , smelled no scent , heard no sound .
but though large , it was dainty in its way , and it flushed a delicate crimson as soon as he caught the scent of humans .
her eyes narrowed and she sniffed the air , detecting in it a scent of intrusion .
of scent there was nothing that did n't belong .
and there was another scent : faerie .
the scent of faerie , pure as dew , was bitter to him .
the green scent of dawn in the forest ?
` ` that scent of nightspink ... , '' he began .
maybe she knew from their sounds or their scent or maybe she just knew because they had nt been more than a hundred feet away from her since they came out of hibernation four months ago .
the scent was drugging him and he put his head down on the next marn and stretched between them .
i swear i could see lines of scent waving back from her like in a cartoon .
even the boys each have their own unique scent .
your scent is there , on the edge of the bed .
the animals erupt at my scent , and i scurry back out to the suv amid yips and low rolling growls .
i follow closely behind gabe , trying not to wobble as i catch more scents and attempt to process the cacophony of new sounds around us .
i do nt catch a scent , do nt find footprints on the air , but i know the angel has been here .
i can hardly catch his scent even when i m only five feet away .
there were no roads near the place and , with luck , our long passage through the secret river tunnel had deadened the scent for any followers that might have attempted to find us .
no , i hope he has been put off the scent for now .
the prosecutor asked , pacing like a hungry animal with the scent of blood .
that stupid tainer , that s the scent he uses .
it felt heavy in her chest , weighing down her breathing , displacing any scent she retained of spring with that of cold stone weathering the centuries silently .
he woke up in a bed , still heavy with the scent of his most beloved wife to be .
his scent was all over the cabin , a distinct smell that mixed with sea , wind , cigars and earth .
the snakes head was moving from side to side slightly , with its tongue flicking in and out , testing the air for the scent of an enemy .
percy started sniffing the floor as if he were following a scent .
i saw a stray cat sloping along through the trees , head down , nose reaching out for the scent of game .
so , i ran to the river and sloshed a couple hundred yards downstream so they would lose my scent .
he decided that the scent was quite pleasant .
luckily , the couple was hiding downwind of the monster , and he did not catch their scent .
i am sure the creature will be able to follow our scent .
we can not cover our tracks , nor hide our scent .
if we return , the creature will waste time following our scent to a dead end .
if they left the water , they would leave tracks in the dust and scatter their scent behind them .
the scent was still fresh .
the rain would wash the scent away .
he did not need the scent .
after a couple of more hours , the scent ran out .
he remembered their scent .
we will have left our scent .
he detected their scent .
the scent was here .
he followed the scent to a stair that led down .
geron closed his eyes and was glad that the wind was flowing from the direction of the monster , carrying geron 's scent away from him .
kinda like given a dog a scent .
fflowers is so little out of the woods that metaphorical leaves , twigs and thorns still cling to him when , to distance himself from all that has gone wrong and to distract himself from all that still must go right , the old man smells the glove , gets the scent and begins tracking down the girl whose image and acts had floated in and out of his drugged dreams and nightmares , conscious , subconscious and conscience .
he stilled himself , sniffing the air for the scent of spilled or leaking gasoline .
it immediately tasted the scent of the two humans .
the coyote followed the scent .
i could recognize her scent from across the room .
i caught the scent of something .
a certain irs agent had been nosing around in his business and hank wanted to make sure certain revenuer did nt catch the scent of undeclared greenbacks .
worse yet was the odor ; the ever - present , distinct and oppressive scent of burned chemicals mixed with rat and cockroach droppings .
second , just underneath this sharp smell was the clean scent of oil soap , the kind used to make hardwood floors glow as if with an inner light , which the floors of the leroy home certainly did .
she 'll be blind in a few moments , but she can smell her way back to the foot of the crag , and if our scent 's here still , she 'll sit there until she dies .
` ` but if a wind blew our body scent to her , she could smell us out . ''
` ` she did n't smell us at the rock , and she 's blundering about through the forest trying to pick up our scent .
the aimless snapping and crackling of the bushes changed to a sustained crashing as the dragon came like a hurricane straight toward the spot from which the scent of her enemies was wafted .
it had been a shoulder or front leg that struck conyn , and blind monster rushed on , forgettnig the victims whose scent it had been following , in the sudden agony of its death throes .
what wind there was was blowing toward the hiding women , concealing their scent .
i did not say anything to dub , but i knew we were at the spot where uncle iras dogs lost buzzards scent after the killing , the place where the posse followed him to the edge of the cliff , and then he disappeared into thin air , like doc did .
they did nt find so much as a trace , an you know those blood dogs can find about anything leaves a scent .
he scrunched his nose at the sterile scent .
but strongest of all is the scent , for tarzyn is pursuing up the wind , and her trained nostrils are as sensitive as a hound 's .
now she caught the scent of numa , for she was traveling up wind .
i walked slowly around the room , following the scent until i reached the table .
again , there was no scent .
i want the scent to attract anything below .
was she imagining the scent ?
the canyon was void of all sound , reminding zanas eerily of death , and possessing the faint scent of spilled blood .
the noise of the crowd changed with the scent of blood in the air .
upon my soul , everything degenerates ; and i do n't know whether it is the game which leaves no scent , or the dogs that have no noses .
we chased her for six hours , and when she was near being taken -- when st.-simone was already putting her horn to her mouth to sound the mort -- crack , all the pack takes the wrong scent and sets off after a two - year - older .
' listen ; i am already upon the scent , ' resumed d'artagnyn .
she had just strength enough to place the scent bag at the bottom of the silver casket , and to let the knife fall into it , making a sign to laporte that she was no longer able to speak ; than , in a last convulsion , which this time she had not the power to combat , she slipped from the sofa to the floor .
they will not recognize your smell , and you also carry some of the death scent .
once in place he waited , i can only assume for the thalach to detect and recognize his scent .
like a puppy that has picked up a new scent to follow , riki forgot all about the market .
it was unlike the scent of burning wood or coal or diesel , and yet somehow familiar .
if your prey ca nt smell you , they wo nt flee when they ca nt catch your scent .
his eyes widened even more as he realized that scent specific from the countless others .
he said it still has your uncles scent , but it is old .
they did nt like his scent , no sane herbivore did , but they were reined in before they spooked and took off with an empty wagon .
he explained that the more scents he picked up the less likely they d be led down the wrong path .
he did nt trust this stranger , but the scent of fear kept him from attacking .
his ears were straight up and alert and his nose flared when he caught a scent he did nt like .
only our scents are around here .
on the eleventh day , shade caught the scent of smoke , when it was about midday .
and their scents would be diluted if they brought dogs to track the escapees down .
stay away from the road and if you spot any trackers or scent come back immediately .
he was surprised because the wind blew from the opposite direction and he did nt catch the scent .
there were a few promising scents , but they were all old and gone from this area .
so i decided to track down your scent .
clift put his flared nostrils close to her face as he took in her scent .
throughout their treks she did nt realize until she stepped closer is that the scent came from alex .
shade carefully walked to kallel and looked him in the eye while taking in his scent for future reference .
he brought his nose down to the boys face and sniffed , learning his scent .
ill never forget his scent or that snide face .
and then one scent rises above the others .
she asked , uncorking it and sniffing ; her eyes did n't hint at any reaction to the scent .
the rank vinegar scent of his body odor caused her a moment 's pause .
there was the scent of mildew from the wood and body odor from the mass .
in an hour or two , the scent of creation would be too strong around holdbrine , stronger than anything the hermit had come across before .
captain trowbrdge took la matine into naples and learned that the enemy fleet had last been sighted heading for malta and we set out like a gundog on the scent , taking a short cut through the straits of messina where we were warmly greeted by the sicilians who came out in a drove of boats and told us that the garrison at malta had in fact surrendered and the french fleet was anchored there .
we get in close enough for them frenchcies to get our scent strong in their nostrils ; they ll be after us like a pack on the hunt .
he shuddered in appreciation as he passed through the door , greeted by a wave of heat and the scent of old coffee .
he figured he might , at least , cover up the nauseous smell of death with the pungent cigarette scent and for the moment allowing his mind to fog up , to dim his memory and help ease the pain of this horrific , seemingly never ending bloody night .
sitting on the cold concrete floor my nose not only detected the scent on the documents that i was holding but i even had a hint of the ones still left for me to ponder , still within the box .
no sooner had these thoughts faded than bonnie caught a faint scent of something .
and finally , as his strength began to flag , and his speed began to ebb away , his nose caught the scent of horses and the sweat of men in rusty armor .
you know your brother : once the scent of blood is in his nose , he wo nt stop while there is anyone left standing .
the scent of blood finds the beasts nostrils as it circles away , ushering it back in for the kill .
moving from clearing to clearing with a primal sort of haste , he has finally locked onto the scent of a child in the distance .
` ` breakfast soon , '' she said as she caught the scent of sausages wafting from a nearby stall and realised just how hungry she was for a good hot meal .
the rain was insurance against the puma picking up his scent .
he held it close to his face and inspected the carved details , his nose dwelling on the scent .
exaggerations and deliberate red herrings were planted , to throw investigators off the scent .
nehebkau was curious too and was now leaving the water , heading towards a strange scent .
both forked tongues flicking the air with his nostrils frantically trying to locate the strange scent .
a large black nose with flared nostrils hungrily searched for the familiar scent .
his nostrils flared wide as he inhaled noisily , trying to place the scent .
he knew something was wrong when he could smell his scent across the river .
the wind , he had told me as we started our hike , does more than carry scent , it can also carry sound .
was he imagining the scent or had his grandma truly visited him ?
tempted by the scent , the white cat came back in the room , and angell took her away in the hall , closing the door after her .
this is the way they avoided leaving a scent trail for the wolves to pick up later .
the dogs found a scent trail that disappeared in the woods as mysteriously as grandpa had .
those dogs sniffed every side of that tree grandpa called the portico , but the scent stopped right there .
why had his scent ended at that tree when grandpa had warned us about it so many times ?
it was with relief he left whendy behind , particularly when he saw her nostrils flare a little as she caught his warm blooded mouse scent .
they had learned about the scent of snakes , of how to cure the skins for their own protection , of how to fight the snakes by super heating their bodies and thrashing their tails so the squirrels seemed too big for the snakes to attack , of how to scruff dirt at the snakes to create a diversion for escape .
once the snake caught the scent of jude and the warmth of jude 's hot blood flooded the senses of its pitted face , the rattlesnake began to chase him through darkness of the tunnels .
people found ways to cover their scents before running water was invented .
then , within a minute or so after they had him carried to his bed , she checked again and discovered a completely different and unknown scent , a pall that made her think of mushrooms .
it was still heavy with the scent of its occupants .
zombies hunt by scent and sight .
crossing the parking lot and approaching the front entrance of the giant store , he again caught a whiff of that scent from earlier in the morning .
how did he know that the scent was fresh ?
ted remembered seeing a documentary on tv that had illustrated a dog 's ability to follow a scent like a trail of smoke that it could actually visualize .
he could n't resist the urge to follow the scent , no matter what was at its source .
first we ' ve got some shopping to do and i 'd like to get it done before more of your scent gets around .
this should mitigate the chance of something in her path catching her scent before she got there .
the wind has a tendency to swirl around buildings , potentially carrying scent in totally unexpected directions .
melody stood in the doorway for a solid five minutes waiting to see if anything would catch her scent .
once they catch the scent of something tasty , they spring into action .
ted caught melody 's scent again .
at exactly the same time that ted caught melody 's scent , so did mr . hoover .
he must have followed his wife 's scent right to our window .
no , the last time was when i caught your scent in wal - mart , but like i said it goes away pretty quickly , ted replied .
so , anyway , i ' m hoping that the protection of the cab , combined with the smell of the diesel exhaust , will mask your scent and allow us to avoid detection , ted explained .
melody was n't outside the vehicle more than a couple of seconds before she could see that the zombies had picked up her scent and were starting to turn in her direction .
the moment that ted caught melody 's scent , now permeating the space inside the helicopter , the corpse 's eyes snapped open .
melodys scent and teds movement had stimulated the zombie .
he could detect no human scent , neither melody 's nor any other .
when melody 's scent reached the zombie on the other side of the street , its head snapped up and it 's eyes locked on her .
the rifle shot was sure to have attracted unwanted attention and there would be a lot of scent drifting on the wind .
living human scent was a strong enough zombie attractant , but the smell of blood and guts was always sure to bring the ghouls running .
as they picked up the human scent , it seemed to give them a burst of energy .
as soon as the zombie dogs spotted movement on top of the wall and caught ted 's scent again , they went into full - blown attack mode .
it had obviously followed matildas scent up to the attic .
i could nt see in the cold darkness , but i recognized kathys scent , her long hair and soft body .
there was no scent that would expose the drug and the liquid quickly soaked into the pile .
she would have informed me if there was a scent she did n't recognize .
the fox was now among the hounds and had to escape , before they caught my scent , and how true this would be .
it was all too little too late , his horse had caught the scent of mine and there was something beastly about the entire situation .
my mares scent was on the breeze of the cool night air and that stallion could smell her a mile away it seemed .
the scent of the flower had killed them .
he made a translucent orb that shielded them from the scent of death .
they had picked up our scent .
even if i escaped into the stone house , the wolves would pass by here soon and catch crimsons scent .
you have the ability to cloak because your blood gives off a neutral scent but we can still detect other changes in your body which would tell us if you were hiding something .
the sense of scent .
shell blend into the background and you ll be cloaking her scent so they wo nt be able to .
from tattoos to blue hair to pants riding so low around their hips it seemed they were preparing to mark their scent or leave a calling card at any moment .
yangs blood , his scent , calmed and tranquilized in a way superiors not only did not see him as a threat , they could nt even register others who were threats if he was in the vicinity .
unless yang is around because his scent cancels out other superiors scents .
unless yang is around because his scent cancels out other superiors scents .
could we use sense instead of scent ?
how could one wolf hope to prevail even if i could hide his scent ?
i could get a good location as to their general location because , he was right , i could get a scent of where they were on the dance floor but i could hear absolutely nothing ; just the silent murmuring of a crowd of onlookers watching an invisible death match between two lovely ladies of the night .
at one stand , olivia found a merchant with exotic perfumes and put a drop on her wrist to test the scent .
these security systems would foil numerous companies that came on the scent of treasure ; holes would be dug all over the place , the idea being to tackle the money pit from the side .
as the hawk screeched in the morning mist he caught scent of an enemy .
the woman smelled brooks hair , arms and nearly everywhere else to determine it seems as if he took away your scent ? !
no fumes , smoke or anything that could be determined by scent alone indicated others were nearby .
being more cautious , he kept going and followed the welcoming scent .
they have our scent and stories say they ll hunt their prey even to starvation .
once they had our scent it is our death sentence .
while she secured it he went up and petted the beautiful mare and also allowed her to get comfortable with his scent .
did you put something on to mask your scent ?
my blessing is no scent .
no matter how hot , sweaty or dirty i make myself i do not hold a scent .
without my scent i became a great hunter because the animals could nt smell me .
because your scent is missing , can you smell better than others ?
he could keep from leaving a trail humans would nt see , but the powerful nose of hunting dogs were nt so easily fooled when finding a scent .
he used magic to take his dead skin cells and odor to make several false trails and for the carefully walked trail he used he stopped at a certain point and used a bit of wind to scatter his scent in a hundred foot wide circle .
when in the night he saw dozens of burning torches scattering in all directions he laughed on the inside when a group found his circle scent deposit because the dogs spread out and confused the hunters so much they had to return .
i am praying that this ruse will throw them off the scent , at least for a day or two .
sometimes strange out of place scents were a clue .
and as the strain of late twilight gave way to the still blackness of night , prying , whiskered noses poked out of dusty , crumbling cavities at my feet , retreating when they perceived the scent of a silent stranger .
edward , sometimes when the full moon hung high in the heavens and a faint shooting star trailed across our endless sky , i d wake breathlessly from a wild dream , a faint flutter in my heart , imagining owls hooting in the trees was the misguided young fellow messing around with vegetables in the garden , or allow myself some comfort for a mere minute or two that noises in the misty meadow yonder were tiny little footsteps picking up the scent of catnip in an inexplicable effort to attract all cats in the area .
the room had been cleaned , the body removed , but still , the metallic scent of blood clung .
a cloak by birth , it was a necessary cover yangs blood hid his scent from his murderous brother .
the clans were losing for they d lost their scent with yang in the mix their numbers were spent .
yang was alive and always around for he hid her scent so she could not be found .
yang walked away and marched through the interior no wolf paid attention for his scent was inferior .
his power was similar to vampires except while they could alter their skin color to blend and hide he could alter his scent , his pheromones , the essence of who he was into whatever species he felt he should be .
of the senses , when it came to registering higher forms of life , scent reigned supreme .
if johnny were to stand still and not move , all things being equal , if a creature was unaware he was there and suddenly came across him their other senses , sight and sound , would be overridden by scent and he would appear as a plant , pig , or any other insignificant entity johnny and his ancestors had ever ingested .
they could still see , hear , feel and taste at times their brethren but they could not detect their scent .
vampires could become invisible , blend into their surroundings so the sense of scent proved rather useful in the prevention of death from competing factions .
without scent another strange aspect also arose as the power between the genders reversed .
the only ones who could scent vamps were yin , yang , and merri li .
any wolf who bonded with johnny retained the power of scent and thus would be the most dominant player in the pack .
johnny would find his scent and move in but the game never ended for the child would become visible and move with a speed johnny had no answer for .
good , the second thing i would like you to do is tell me the exact moment you lose my scent .
and you need me to tell you when i lose your scent ?
without scent only sight and sound were available .
she could smell joshs aftershave , although he no longer carriedthe scent ofwood smoke .
even from across the chamber , alamander could detect the scent of brackish water , mud and acrid fumes .
the other sovereigns shifted uncomfortably , their scents a mixture of alarm , excitement and apprehension .
skeravix held his ground but there was a hint of doubt in his scent .
he noted the scattering of startled animals amidst the trees below , the myriad earthy odors of the woodlands giving way to the stale oppressive scent of the ruins ahead , and the cacophony of sounds that echoed from within the walls and the surrounding forest .
kerou , morgan , and jayla stood on both sides of the girls , waiting for the spark of action with only the din of a contained society about them while a perfume of climax mixed with the scent of burning chicken at the proximate asian - themed concession .
you do nt even know what i m about to ask jina paused as the scent of the space jabbed her up the nostrils .
the swarm of zombies picked up the scent of fresh meat in the wind and bolted straight towards the car with no fear for a ton of steel coming at them at 95 kilometers per hour .
she rode along the lots outer perimeter to dodge the bulk of the zombies shuffling around the parked cars , but they quickly caught a whiff of the scent and joined the chase .
the gloom in keeping the restrooms free of bodily scent , and the concession floors and counters rid of grime and the occasional pile of vomit , had not been much of a detriment to his confidence as his pride in his livelihood was drawn from devotion of supporting his family .
the huge male was trying to mark him with the scent glands on his cheeks and my subconscious was having the time of his life .
twice they found fresh scents .
they were at a small town seven miles from larned when they hit a hot scent .
thank you for respecting the hard work of this author isbn:9781310682834 for tris , josh , amelie and eden the chapters the past - prologue chase chapter one the funeral chapter two mbokus journey starts chapter three mum tells a story chapter four prophecy chapter five fredericks arrival in africa chapter six inheritance chapter seven mboku grows chapter eight frederick in matabeleland chapter nine the search begins chapter ten mboku becomes a man chapter eleven fredericks diary chapter twelve conspiracy chapter thirteen the search goes on chapter fourteen old lovers chapter fifteen so to africa chapter sixteen cape town chapter seventeen coming home chapter eighteen - gatsheni chapter nineteen - leopards leap chapter twenty - thabas indunas chapter twenty one - more secrets chapter twenty two - defending the stones chapter twenty three - to the lupane chapter twenty four - gatsheni hurries to the lupane chapter twenty five - fever chapter twenty six - amassing the warriors chapter twenty seven - in the bush chapter twenty eight - on the trail chapter twenty nine - closer chapter thirty - the scent of blood chapter thirty one - change of plan chapter thirty two - gatsheni tells his story chapter thirty three - proposal chapter thirty four - the plan in action chapter thirty five - the kopje chapter thirty six - follow the cross chapter thirty seven - confrontation epilogue - the present about the author the past prologue chase the man was near exhaustion as he staggered the final few feet towards the riverbank .
chapter thirty - the scent of blood the three men woke early too , before the sun had risen .
what ever it was , it was coming my way as if it had caught my scent and was looking for me !
in seconds it had apparently picked up jesss scent and bounded after him with the agility of a lion .
in this awful place it seemed only natural that the air would be filled strongest with the scent of death .
as we drifted downriver i looked back at the dark walkers , and they seemed to lose scent of our trail while we remained in the water .
the scent of aftershave and sweat .
he has her scent .
in the end it was a chance remark from inglenook that had put edwin on the right scent .
come , little cub , my father called as he increased speed as if he were the horned grey bear who had caught scent of cooking meat .
they 're like the spiders and the wolves that hunt by scent and sight .
i feared my cries may have drawn our adversaries to us , but if they hunt by sight and scent then we should ... a hideous howl dashed my heartening thoughts , and then at least a dozen more howls joined in with their leader , crippling my hope .
he caught the sailors scent and paused , sniffing over him with his slimy hog nose .
he hurried to the fallen commander as he spoke , this one claims responsibility , yet he does nt have the scent of our eggs on him only the ones in black do , and yet they are the ones fleeing .
i remember , someone with the scent of magic .
the wolf had her scent .
with shallow breaths , she sniffed the air but smelt nothing other than wood smoke and the sharp scent of snow .
and to throw the scent off .
though not overpowering , it was enough to turn his stomach , and yet overlaid was the scent of vanilla , which partially mitigated but could not completely cover their foul , rotten odor .
do you think it could remove the scent from a man ?
then one faint human scent from a distant memory .
he unrolled the scroll and smelled inside ; the scent was stronger .
it was only a matter of time before the scent of his blood drew them closer .
he continued , moving in and out of the shadows , searching for kravens scent , footprint , or unique magical signature ; slaying beasts as he went .
his icy - blue eyes pierced the darkness and he locked on the scent .
kravens scent was strong .
we held our breath both as a means to keep quiet and a way to keep from breathing the giants rank scent .
birgitte and i are going to see if we can do something about our scent trail , and then we ve got first watch .
what d ethan and birgitte do to cover the scent , anyway ?
the change in wind is followed by the slightest scent of wet mud .
moham picked up this scent first .
as he climbed out of the car , he thought he could smell a faint scent of gasoline .
he listened and finally heard the mongrel panting as she trotted along his scent trail from the front of the cabin and down into the drainage .
however , he did manage to conjure the scent of broiled chicken , and this gave him hope that he would , in time , be able to do everything peter pan could do .
it did nt take a rocket scientist to detect a lingering scent of spray in the air .
he looked like a teenage model who had just stepped out of a magazine spread , but when i caught his scent and realized what he was , i assumed he was much older than he appeared .
i reached the end of the hall at the foot of a staircase and immediately caught the scent of his presence at the base of the steps , guarding the door .
i returned the token to my purse , and even though my scent alone confirmed it , they were quite strict about protocol here .
that faint rotten fish , tobacco , and tainted sweat scent .
he can choose when other animals can pick up the scent , and it carries an extremely powerful message of warning .
he s getting the scent .
i was like a sleep - deprived dog on the hunt , and as long as the scent tormented my nose i had no choice but to move forward .
the android guards did regular sweeps to clean out the human dregs , and scent was their simplest and easiest criterion to categorize someone asand it did n't exactly flow off the tongue'excess organic material . '
i gazed over the crater and smelled the scent of burned electronics , metal , and wood .
the scent of her brought back memories of wednesday night .
he pried open the fridge and swiftly shut it at the scent of something else that she did nt want to know .
the scent of an alcohol loomed inside his mouth .
that would surely draw the horde after him , like a wolf that has caught the scent of fear .
he extended his muzzle and sniffed at the man : a strange sour smell , a whiff of smoke mixed with the smell of death ; a peculiar blend of scent , only partially absorbed by the drying aroma of grass under the warm sun .
hopefully , he would come across this trendle before the wolves picked up his scent .
suddenly , the flow of power eased as the powers began to merge and flow in a more singular direction like a pack of dogs that caught the scent of a fox .
there was no scent other than that of the earth being borne upon the breeze coming from farther down the passageway .
there were but two sightings , one they were forced to fight as their scent had been detected .
not to mention the possibility that the scent of fresh blood could draw other creatures in to investigate , jaikus added .
perhaps search - parties were at that very moment scouring the area around their village , dogs attempting to sniff out their scent .
maybe it 's lost my scent .
it had not taken him long to sniff out the scent .
it hardly mattered that another , different scent , had now allied itself to the one it pursued .
at their head , jagaren ran with graceful ease , the knowledge that they had the scent now spurring him on , while further behind , the hunters came upon their foaming horses , hoofs crashing , necks straining , whips licking at the animal 's flanks .
it halted its approach at the centre of the clearing , its massive body hunkered close to the ground , nostrils flared and its red maw opened wide as if it were tasting their scent .
why have n't the dogs sniffed out our scent ?
and all i could smell was rotting meat , the scent of death . ''
do not fear , i will create a protective area that will hide your souls scent .
there is nt even the scent of preservatives , food coloring or artificial chemicals .
when i catch his scent odin , a contingent of gargoyles and i will eliminate the threat .
how it masked their presence and scent from the gargoyles , naga and my kind are baffling .
and most males ca nt wait to follow me around after catching my scent .
her superior sense of smell still picked up kiras foul scent , but his fire burned much of it off and the smell of ashy clothes masked it further , but his smoky scent eased her and gave comfort .
i want to get over what happened as soon as possible and to do that i want my scent on you and yours on me .
barely a trace lingers beneath your natural scent there , that should do it .
the nagai was able to catch the scent of the perpetrators and followed the trail to an abandoned farm outside the city .
it ll trap my scent .
but then as the wind shifted she caught a scent that made her shiver in sexual delight .
his greatest surprise was the scent of the fire elemental order has been keeping secret .
the hidden demon knew it was very weak , but he knew the underlying scent of that bearded man and it had to been reported immediately .
your short preparation time was well spent and use of your spelled sunglasses in conjunction with scent removal potion was a great plan .
the wind carries the scent of blood and fresh young demons .
i knew of only one way to get them off my scent and i had to disappear , fake my own death you could say .
my love for my mother is absolute and no matter how badly i want a soul , each time i catch a souls scent i now see her disapproval look in my mind that could wither the greatest demon tree .
but six months ago , as i was cleaning dishes with mother back home is when i caught a horrible scent coming from her .
once behind it and no one was near , he used his power of illusion and changed his appearance into a human seventeen year old copper skinned boy and altered his scent so none from order could distinguish him .
lost the scent !
all around approached more kelpie as they caught storm - shadows bare souls scent .
follow the scent of arrogance and machismo .
if they catch your scent , you may have a problem .
if you pee down the bluff you ll scent the entire rock face with an unfamiliar scent .
the forest animals had panicked , for they d long since moved away fearing the strange scent permeating their home .
no animals heard brians chilling scream , their normal curiosity had long since been overridden by their fear , when their sensitive nostrils had identified the strange scent of an unwelcome predator .
its senses are highly developed , with eyes that can see movement and a powerful nose that can pinpoint the scent of intruders .
the monk smiled for he knew this would drive the karcon crazy with the scent of humans drifting through the clean crisp forest air .
he stopped , displaying no fear , strolled again , hesitated , and ambled into a crosswind , which slammed the human scent into his nose .
tell me if you strike the scent again .
even the rustic scent of ale hanging over everything added to his hunger .
she was like one of those hunting dogs that , upon homing in on the scent , locks its whole body into the effort of pointing towards its prey .
with quick , nervous movements , ranging back and forth , they would pause often to sniff after an interesting scent .
it is a drab , dark - wood hall , washed over with the scent of ales and blood .
blood , sweat , shit , and the sobering scent of stomach bile , probably from splattered entrails deeper in , are all distinctive to the noses of the two warriors in the surprisingly hot innards of the well - lit tunnel .
the two other cougren caught the scent .
i suppose i could get back if i follow the scent of roasted rat flesh .
there was a splashing sound , a soft gurgling , and the scent of blood on the air .
the chief decided : if the seer left the house in hurry , he got the scent of danger .
perhaps he will prefer the scent of his new lady friend .
gators prefer white meat too , perhaps food will take him off the scent of love .
after that he would put his nose back to the scent and see what it turned up .
it was obvious that they would have trouble shaking ed off the scent .
one scent of a woman and he had spun totally out of control , forgetting everything .
as soon as they arrived and the cab door opened , jake was off , terrier nose bent to the scent , tail held high and waving fiercely like a predatory sharks fin above the water mark .
he sniffed continuously , trying to catch the scent of excitement and as always when things got serious , jake became a model of good behavior .
the air held the scent of many dogs and strange odors , harsh , chemical ones which wrinkled my nose and pleasing scents , clean and fresh .
she became excited by a sudden sharp odor , and rolled in it to overlay it with her own , then thought better of following the scent , hurrying off to her den anxious about her two little kits .
their scent corrupted the air , making my nostrils burn .
the air reeked with the scent of blood thirsty wolves .
i think they had caught onto my scent somehow .
the gesture confirms the beasts suspicions , his own scent filling his lungs as the man smooths his hair back with a controlled agitation .
perhaps i thought i would pick up claire 's scent there or that i would have an epiphany .
i probably thought that i would be able to take up claire 's scent like a lioness .
she knew how ruthless and powerful serge was and now that he had the scent of her blood he would not give up easily or quickly .
the zorcons were wearing neth blockers able to mask their heat and scent , but they malfunctioned due to the increasing electromagnetic field of the planet .
saleran women had been special ; their lasgera gland secreted an alluring scent , which they controlled , and no human male could resist it , including himself .
with this , the oridians will be unable to detect your heat signature nor scent .
i must say i did nt realize how much i missed the scent of a saleran woman , he said .
the nbs are not blocking the scent of blood .
the two animals actually recognized the girls after so many years and caught their scent and came to their rescue and on their own came to the aid of eliza and her scared stiff sister glinda .
first , as they were led through the cellar area of the school through a small passageway between the schools , eliza caught the scent of cockroach poison , boiler room oil , and old wooden desks ; the oily scents of rusty steel with the slight hint of musty old textbooks .
he held the throttle as open as the rutted roads allowed , working his way southward like a dog dumped hundreds of miles from homethe scent etched into his awareness .
then three policemen ran out from behind the library , necks stretching as they looked around , like dogs on a scent .
i watched the biggest dog as he trotted , nose down , following a scent which meandered across the road .
i shrugged , touching the tip of my tongue to the fluid beading on the tip of my claw to make sure it carried no - kills scent .
i thrashed around on the ground , my armour on fire , the scent of roasting human skin mixed with the acrid scent of burned glowbug juice .
i thrashed around on the ground , my armour on fire , the scent of roasting human skin mixed with the acrid scent of burned glowbug juice .
foodlings bring fire to my home , juicy smell , not like a gnome , smell the scent from where they bled , lay eggs in them when they are dead .
the scent of the water awoke our gnome prisoner , her nostrils twitching .
your scent gave you away the moment you entered this cave .
well , said jedra , khavi will need his rest tonight , and your scent is not yet high .
the scent grew stronger , mixed in with others .
the scent of creatures .
he was bleeding and fairly badly ; all we had to do was follow the drops of blood , the scent of his body tears , and his own body would betray him .
i could smell his body tears , and i knew they were tainted with the scent of fear .
i do nt care how enticing your scent becomes , the lashes from a thousand orcs could nt convince me to lay my seed in your rotten belly .
that s when i caught the scent of the air and forgot all about my poisoned breath .
it was pleasant despite the distinct scent of dung .
sir nickleby breathed a sigh of relief , despite the smoke and the scent of death around him , and thought to himself that he never wanted to have to do a thing like that again .
realizing her scent , she smelled of blackwood , had they returned ?
the scent of their particle weapons and the hum of their engines would haunt her forever .
there were n't any eyes for it to see out of , no nose for it to smell matt 's human scent , not even any ears to hear him scurrying about in panic .
there was no telling when knowing the scent of the double dealer would come in handy .
even though scent traveled farther than sound , it made him uncomfortable that she was talking to him .
it was n't until they were about a quarter - mile from their destination that seth caught wind of the scent .
everyone in the howling moon had a similar scent .
it was strange how the smells mingled together , yet victoria could also single out the scent of each individual person .
it was n't long before she caught the musty wet scent of dog , though she could hear them coming before she smelled them .
marty and the boys had caught their scent .
her scent was n't the only one marty had caught .
already , the scent of the pack and the scent of the vampire had collided .
already , the scent of the pack and the scent of the vampire had collided .
the pungent scent was still there , though .
some scents frightened them both -- strange scents carrying energy that left echo unsettled and wary .
some scents frightened them both -- strange scents carrying energy that left echo unsettled and wary .
shimmers ears swiveled on her head like a pair of insect antennae and her nostrils remained widened , taking in every scent .
the scent probably becomes a part of who we are .
they took the clothes braulor had lain across it and rubbed them all over their bodies , embedding them with their scent .
today was n't only windy , but blown along in the gale was the scent of rain in the mountains .
her scent was strongest there .
the scent he caught earlier had faded .
his frown became a smile as he recognized the scent .
he continued toward the scent of kalista .
likewise exuding monkshood in the same manner , the scent caused considerable pain to those who were sensitive to it .
he could still smell her scent on the desert wind .
catching their scent , bailen ran off in pursuit , leaving rhane to eliminate the remaining creatures .
two miles from where he started , the scent of blood and smoldering flesh brought him to an abrupt halt .
the scent of gabriels fear was delicious in his highly attuned nose .
` ` um - hmm , '' 7 agreed , the scent of her smile lingering in his head .
its nose followed a scent and turned toward leo .
as she steps out of the circle the wind picks upthere is a rush of musty forest and wolf scent .
it is covered in wolf scent .
the wind has died down so scents wo n't travel far .
his scent is also much stronger in the little area .
the scent of singed wolfsbane comes to her .
he gently sniffed it , knowing that whenever he caught a scent resembling this one in the future , it would bring back memories of this moment with her .
he sensed valento 's positive attitude beckoning him across the same landscape , but he was sniffing the scent of money which might be made .
blood scent chapter 23 .
her moist black nose sniffed at his altered scent .
his alpha female approached again and snuffled the wolf hide in his hands , seeking the scent of her mate .
he let his mind flow with the surroundings until the scent of deer focused his senses .
the scent of smoke and people made him draw up next to a big tree .
although tempted by the scent of roasting meat , thal kept moving .
and then a scent hit his nose that put him on his feet .
the scent was wolf - tainted but not the pure and comforting essence of his lost kin .
this scent was adulterated .
he needed a closer look at the man with the intriguing scent .
at close quarters , his scent was more pronounced and the truth of his nature filled thals nostrils .
he assumed that the wolfman would be able to track his scent even if he tried to go back into the fields .
thals first thought was that it was rainer and the sellswords , but the scent was unfamiliar .
after crossing a stream , thal caught scent of what he sought .
the scent of green land reminded her that the odiferous grime of city life was not necessarily desirable .
he had spent the morning following a cold trail that bore her scent .
he examined the traces of scent left by those who had pursued his mother .
the evidence of the chase was almost gone , washed away by rain and time , but he still gathered a few scents that he could hope to recognize again .
faintly the scent of captain jan still clung to it , which irritated him .
guided by the blood scent , he soon found bloody footprints and detected the signature of rainer .
thal entered the jewish quarter and the unmistakable scent of human blood bit into his nostrils .
the meaty scent intoxicated him .
the scent of bekcek was taunting him .
then he lurked outside the servants wing listening and checking the scent .
thal said , alarmed by an upsetting scent that wafted off of carlos head .
the wind blowing across the city from the southwest was likely denying him the scent that would confirm what his feelings told him .
just before turning a corner , the scent of his hunter finally reached him .
a particularly familiar scent further incited his rage .
her scent was suddenly in his face and it made him hesitant to kill .
his eyes pierced the reeking darkness and he tasted the scent of the scoundrel tormenting her .
the scent of her helpless excitement demanded that he express all his male passion .
when the sun rose , the barn started getting warmer and within a couple of hours , the scent of glorias dead body was so pungent , my stomach began to roll .
your scent is driving me crazy .
oh , but the scent of her fear is delicious .
following the scent , it led to my parents bedroom , i slowly pushed their door open , curiosity getting the better of me .
we waited for the stupid mutt to catch the scent .
we followed your scent .
but no man would dare bring his scent into her quarters .
there was a new smell coming from nearby , human scent and something else .
despite his brave words , krek felt a tremor of fear as he followed the faint scent of human sweat to the west .
like the scent of a wound that had never healed .
the not - human scent was not a threat to them , so krek ignored it .
` ` they 'll pick up your scent . ''
so ustahli will not detect your scent .
it is used to cover scents and protect against enemies .
ustahli can not track your scent with the protection of the element .
the closer they got , the more powerful the scent .
it took no effort to recall everything about her , down to her scent , a mixture of a touch of yarin from the breads she baked and her own warm , soft skin .
the spicy scent of dragon is strong in the tunnel ; as he moves along the passage the copper scent of blood and the rancid odor of rotting mushrooms wafts from the cavern .
the sharp copper scent of blood rolls across the slaughter chamber .
the three fly so low , the spicy scent of dragon sends the goats fleeing downhill in terror .
i can see and hear for miles , pick up on any scent and by touching someone or something , i can feel their emotions .
she needed men ; their strength , their scent , their flesh .
his beautifully masculine face so delicious , even with the mark of evil upon them : those sharp fangs , those eyes , that predatory scent .
it was the scent of victory , of conquest , and this beautiful devil was the victor .
the flask was empty and had no scent , revealing nothing of its previous contents .
she hoped they had nt seen her or picked up her scent , but it appeared by the direction they were heading that they had not only seen her but were also pursuing her .
no scent , strange , it could be anything , she said , handing it back to ailia .
he could hear the horses braying as their ears pricked and their nostrils caught at the scent of danger .
she wanted him , needed him , but he filled with terror , the sharp , sweaty scent of panic .
yet at the first scent of it on the rapist , she went crazy .
the scent of these sweating men woke the urge , and she imagined that she could smell the blood surging their arteries .
they never broke stride , never eased their pace for they d caught the scent , found the trail of the ones who helped take an elvin life .
they were as babes in the woods without protection , babes who never learned to move with stealth , babes who became stalked when others detected their scent .
the two became aware of a truth , a unyielding fact ; they were only the masters of their destiny so long as they avoided those who were more intelligent , those with a prettier scent , those who should , but did nt , govern all .
he recoiled , recognizing the black lotus , whose juice was death , and whose scent brought dream - haunted slumber .
and once the creatures caught the scent of fresh meat nearby , they began to trample each other in a mad rush toward the holy warriors .
his scent filled her senses .
it still had her scent on it .
the tired horse whinnied in terror , catching the creature 's scent ; he reared , pulled his reins free , and fled back the way they had come .
the scent of rain quickly pushed away the sour smell of the creek as they moved deeper into the forest .
the car held the smoky scent of old cigarettes .
it was the scent of burnt and decayed flesh .
the scent of the smoke did little to conceal the stench of the chamber , the sickly sweet smell of rotted flesh .
her odor is unfamiliar but not too unlike the scent of a queen mother .
she does nt know where trak might be , but she follows dungoth who finds a scent .
the scent of his enemy was muddled .
another odor could be detected over the odd scent .
the new scent was blood .
it was hard to tell what the scent was , the sharp tang of blood covered much of it .
the creature had a scent that reminded the dwarf of rotted vegetation .
the scent of the creature also filled the lycanthrope 's nose .
it seemed they could smell something more than the flea , maybe a human scent , as the demons slowly worked their way towards hadge and the others .
a pack of wolves will smell the scent of human beings whether they wash every day or not , but , perhaps , witches , werewolves or vampyres do n't have such a keen sense of smell .
he had been given a scent to seek after .
she had been so preoccupied with mustering her courage that she had neglected the scent .
the scent was that of falseness , as though created by someone who had gotten a whiff of tea once , from a great distance .
charles was right ; your arousal is a unique scent .
in fact , strake had smelled some deer while they were out , and was pretty sure he could track one down just by the scent .
the scent of gunpowder rose from arnolds gun .
the scent evoked a powerful lust in strake .
she put her nose back on the scent of saint catherine of siena , for involving herself in another life prevented the need of understanding hers .
omars scent .
and lastly , the scent of the garden behind the cottage in tibet where kolya had been born .
we could search out any large predators nearby and set them on his scent .
his heavy scent hung in the air like smoke though he was nowhere to be seen .
but the scent of the river gave her a surge of energy .
the trick to being successful in them was to sniff out a story , no matter how faint the scent , and run with it .
i heard multiple noses working , getting a whiff of me and drawing my scent and gabriels in deep .
but whether it was his hand on my neck , or the scent of him on my body , they made no move to take their aggression to the next stage .
the wolves surrounding me caught the scent of my blood and it seemed to overpower whatever protection gabriels lingering odor had leant me .
following the day old scent of gabriel evans as if it were the whispered promises of a woman and they were nothing but love struck men .
a nice smell soured for me by the coopery scent of blood .
they had my scent and they were daring me to run screaming into the night .
in this newly turned bitch , i could nt be sure she would nt savage me when she caught the scent of my bleeding cheek .
she ran back and forth in front of me , catching this scent and that .
she caught a scent or something .
we just need to cover our scents .
i ' m masking my scent , she explained .
but a hellhound on the scent of an old debt would take care of a lot of underworld enemies , as well as put some serious fear into those who might try to oppose duggan as lord of the underworld , avery offered .
she focused on a faint scent , decided it was rotting vegetation and moved on .
i m going to change , and follow the scent .
or is the glamour too strong to get a scent ?
he sniffed around the entrance of the farm and picked up the familiar tire scent there as well .
he got the scent of what the tires smelled like with the mingling scent of the asphalt .
he got the scent of what the tires smelled like with the mingling scent of the asphalt .
he rechecked that scent again as the tires had had opportunity to heat from the friction of moving along the road and took on yet another aspect of smell .
he 'd lost the scent a few times , each time having to backtrack and take the chance to go out into the street to do a more thorough search with his nose .
at one point he had to dodge a semi that had turned a corner and almost hit him , as he had been in the middle of the street checking the scent he had followed into town .
he had been able to detect the faint scent of the hellhound , but he did nt know if it was enough to pinpoint the exact location of the thing .
jake followed the scent as long as he could before the tire scent he was tracking merged with the smell of many other tires from the other traffic exiting and entering this particular locality .
jake followed the scent as long as he could before the tire scent he was tracking merged with the smell of many other tires from the other traffic exiting and entering this particular locality .
you caught a scent ?
my ancestors have lived in the city most of their lives , so we may not have the full scent range that jake may have , who s family is from the country .
any scent i could have picked up that would have belonged exclusively to the killer has been masked by too many others scent .
but you ca nt use , er , scent as evidence , tasha reminded them .
the cleaners have already been there and whatever scent that may have been left has surely been washed away by the rain by now .
some fae can , borrow the scent from what is around them in order to hide from predators .
her fae nature must have covered the scent of the leopard by utilizing the scent of her human nature .
her fae nature must have covered the scent of the leopard by utilizing the scent of her human nature .
the idea was to create the perfect assassin , one that would have the stealth of leopard , magic of the faery and scent of a human .
he must find a certain type of fae that will borrow scent from something else to hide behind .
tasha , you got the scent ?
all this scent detection that you and jake are doing is great , but we still have to have hard evidence , he explained to tasha .
why , did you smell this scent on one or all of the victims ?
down to the scent of the man ; grease , like a cook might smell like .
the killers scents are more removed from the victims , almost like a ghost hanging over the body , she mused .
i think i have a clothes scent , french fries .
all he needed to do would be to touch the body and that would be enough to leave his scent , however faint .
they believe the zombies are drawn to the crisis unit because the scent of blood is so strong .
the hallways were long , brick , and like everywhere else in the directorate they had a sterile scent to them .
intriguing smells wafted over to me : popcorn from the movie theaters , and from the food court behind us the scent of burgers , chinese food , and maybe hot dogs ; i was nt sure .
they passed ans house where the scent was strongest .
the air was moist from the warm blood , and the scent of intestines was strong .
he smelled of pine and musk , and she felt sickened by the scent .
he took several steps toward a door that looked no larger than a pantry closet and the scent intensified .
the scent of garbage from the surrounding trash bins in the alleyway intensified , but was overpowered by a different scent : blood .
the scent of garbage from the surrounding trash bins in the alleyway intensified , but was overpowered by a different scent : blood .
they 'll take up your scent and be on you before night falls . '
they 'll probably run us down before we even get to old horse gorse , unless we can somehow throw them off the scent .
he would send the wolves southwards to immediately take up the scent .
' and so you travel south to throw the captain off the scent ? '
they will pick up the scent of the horses immediately .
' i think , therefore , ' he continued as if unconcerned , ' as we have little chance of out - running a pack of wolves and thus gaining the river before they are upon us , we will instead have to find a different way of throwing them off the scent- ' 50 ' and this is your way of throwing them off the scent , is it ? '
already he knew that they were wasting their time - the fugitives had masked their scent well and now there simply was n't a trail to follow .
' the scent of the outlaws crossed that of the deer , but did n't come out of the other side . '
despite the fact that he was unable to pick out grantt 's tracks , trampled as they were by the remainder of the trifles ' tracks , and that the troll captain 's scent - a sharp , acrid , mineral tang - had , along with his troops ' scents , mingled into an unrecognisable spider 's web of smell , more - grim remained confident that grantt would be at the forefront of his guards , and was no doubt pushing them onwards without pause .
despite the fact that he was unable to pick out grantt 's tracks , trampled as they were by the remainder of the trifles ' tracks , and that the troll captain 's scent - a sharp , acrid , mineral tang - had , along with his troops ' scents , mingled into an unrecognisable spider 's web of smell , more - grim remained confident that grantt would be at the forefront of his guards , and was no doubt pushing them onwards without pause .
he was gaining on grantt , he was sure ; the troll captain 's scent was growing ever stronger .
she reached out with her trunk , and sniffed for the doctor 's scent , but all she could smell was the sharp , almost acidic tang of ice .
by his scent she could tell he was alive , but he was obviously unconscious .
humans generally had a rank natural scent about them .
it seemed to be cloaked , allowing only a sliver of intoxicating desire to escape and affect paris , hiding its true nature he lifted his slender nose to catch the wind as it picked up , whipping around the heavily wooded area , and carrying her scent closer to him .
the subtle notes of amber that tinted her scent only added to the mystery behind it .
there was a distinct lack of anothers scent mingled with hers that typically came from humans copulating .
he inhaled the putrid scent deeply , learning all he could , reading it with the consummate skill of a demon lord .
her scent was tinted with the musky overtone of her arousal .
he gave them only enough knowledge to try and track the tiger down , with dim scents and the estimations of locations he provided from his own fuzzy knowledge .
he caught the scent of a hearty meat pie the moment he stepped through the door of the tavern .
sandrena tried to force it out of her mind , but it was rooted in there firmly , as pervasive as the cloying scent of blood sticking to her clothes .
i rolled on the couch , marking his scent all over it as i twisted and turned , and then i finally passed out into a blissful sleep wrapped in the scent of a stranger .
i guess it was the scent of my mystery wolf .
i ve never felt power like that before from just a scent .
getting the scent of the one who d left the mark .
his scent called to me , his wolf was calling to mine , and she was all kinds of trying to respond .
my heart was fluttering to its own rhythm now , and i maneuvered myself closer to evan so i could catch his scent better .
she has a very unique scent , distinctly her own .
his scent is all over you , and i came to this town to find him .
yes , she came home with his scent on her , and all hell broke loose .
i sniffed as ashley got closer , jesus , ash , i can barely catch your scent at all .
he too had tried to catch her scent , so he would be familiar with how her wolf smelled too .
he marked me out of the blue , and i had to come home and face my family , my pack master , and my intended bond mate with his scent all over me .
i had already picked up his scent , and my wolf was okay with him .
i smelled like you , and in more than a scent exchange kind of way .
i ve covered our tracks well though , and i m positive our scent ca nt be followed .
we did nt have a scent to follow .
he s a better tracker , jess , and he actually followed your scent for quite a while .
she paused , leaning over to sample the scent of a spray of bellweather .
there was a faint scent of wood smoke about him .
he circled me , flat nostrils flaring as he sucked in my scent .
my scent still burning in her nose , she swung off the moto guzzi , let it drop to the ground and met the cop halfway .
his scent was thick , that old rush of cab sav , but souring , like a badly aged bottle .
the scent of burning fur and flesh hit her through the clouds of singed gunpowder .
she always had that same scent .
the wolves are howling to the moon , not far beyond that door ; i sense their presence in this room , the breeze upon their fur ; i smell the scent of stale dog breath , and feel their thirst for blood ; i hear their pad - falls bringing death , and taste their slavered tongue ; do you hear the fear of the hart ?
then i found a hidden trapdoor with a passageway beneath ; i drop so softly to the floor stirring up the scent of death !
brul i smell the scorching scent of dragons breath and hear the grinding of its gnashing teeth ; the salty spray of blood means certain death for all within its graspincluding me !
they must have picked up on the scent of that carcass rotting outside .
one of the wolves must have caught his scent upon the wind .
jane came from around mix 's bulk pulling her sweatshirt snugly down while the huge bear curiously sniffed at her scent .
it either heard us or caught your unusual scent . ''
he finally turned his eyes back to her and said , ` ` i suppose it is best to first explain how - '' he stopped in mid - sentence and quickly turned his head up and away , as if catching a scent .
soon enough , saraid picked up the scent of dahlia 's stained leather , and knew she was close .
ragnar smelt the stone dust coming from lynch at less than ten paces away , but a much more distressing scent came from his cohort .
my nose says that there are strange scents in the area but nothing of a boar to be cautious of , as i happened to take from our liege 's mind by accident .
he turned to give mix a few pats on his furry back as the bear wandered off to investigate a scent .
the scent of her fear filled the air around her , easily caught by the dragon , and it let out a deep sigh , flames pouring from its mouth , before looking down at her , its golden eyes blazing .
aaron watched keira carefully , his gold eyes narrowing slightly when he picked up the scent of her fear .
i thought the scent had been carried by your parents , and did nt pay it much mind .
and then again when we returned and i caught his scent .
then a glimmer of hope flickered in her heart when she saw the black robed elzik standing behind the sorcerer elgor , the assassins hands were moving slowly to the twin blades he preferred to use when on an assignment the three spirits within the illusion of darkadia castle could hardly contain themselves , the scent of death and mayhem had even stirred the sleeping elzbeta from her crypt .
i doubt were lucky enough to find roasted boar ... fortune may be near , said the exuberant child , who ran towards the aroma like a hunting dog with a scent .
he saw a witch with colorless pupils staring at him with a frightful look , but before she could cast a spell , a pack of zalmoxis wolves followed her scent through the area and attacked .
they even reeked as such ; flooding the chamber with the scent of rotting flesh .
he knew that one was trouble , he knew so the moment he first caught his scent .
they re near , sister , xander said , breaking in on the conversation as he picked up their enemies familiar putrid scent .
he caught wind of it behind him , but he knew the most pungent scent came from him his infected leg .
those had their own scents that she could pick out .
the beast that bit you got your scent and tasted your blood .
i could have found his scent again .
found his scent ?
as if she was homing in on a scent .
it picked up its sword , which had fallen down during the fight , and followed my scent in a bid to track me down .
' what i do not know is why i could not make out your scent till now . '
once he was far enough away from what looked like a rabbit run , he went back to the stream and washed his hands of the mud he used to hide his scent as he handled the snares .
keep your nose to the scent of destiny , and your ears to the sound of danger , he said before he too bounded away , gone in seconds with his long strides .
the scent of fear was close .
the door opened from the inside revealing a world of color , scent , and sound .
something in your scent .
she sniffed at the air and there was indeed a tang of smoke present , which she recognized as the burning of dry grass , a common enough scent in colorado during fire season .
he thought he could spend a happy week just hunting those scents down and sampling them , whatever they were .
the smell of the beasts breath churned her stomach and she recognised it as the scent of death .
with the scent now memorised , he began the track .
he would keep it , in case sheiva needed a reminder of her scent .
eventually he found a scent that led them both deep into the city .
* adley and sheiva had tracked chaeli to the road to lindor , but her scent had vanished , as though she had disappeared .
gods , the smell of him , the scent of his power !
the scent from the wind grew stronger , and chaelis own energy responded hungrily .
your pain has a unique flavor as well , and the scent of your fear ... i could torment you this way for years and never get bored .
it could smell her scent from several hundred yards awaythe odor of fear and sweat , cutting through the air like the sharp edge of the knife she was holding .
this time , instead of making her sick , the scent made her hungry .
her nostrils flared , and suddenly she could smell the scent of a dozen other wolves lurking through the forest .
the scent of lorenas body next to her was driving her to madness , and she needed to act , needed to do something .
there was no one there , but i sensed increased danger and the wolf scent got much stronger .
wolfsbane would hide our scent and throw off the lycanthropes when they arrived for the full moon fur ball festival .
alura finished placing grenade belts around the cavern with wolfsbane to hide any scent of gun powder .
wolfsbane was all around where we were hiding to hide our scent .
uncle devin and i caught the scent of one onceit was a dusty , sweaty , and yet slightly spicy scentbut we lost his trail and i was pleased because it made uncle devin and dad furious .
i hope the noxious air freshener will dampen our scent , but that s not why i came in here .
our scent will lead them in here .
the greasy odors of the food court must ve hidden his scent .
it should throw uncle devin and the others off our scent if only for a little while .
i caught that scent today at the mall .
here , the scent is decidedly stronger .
though there are certainly other falkners in central texas besides the huntsmen , what are the odds of me tracking a huntsmans scent and coming to the wrong house ?
i caught your scent at the mall and followed you here , i answer .
he would ve caught their scent again at the motel .
with no sign or scent catching his attention , he turned briefly to witness as dozens of forms raced through the darkness behind him .
sniffing the air as he climbed , it was only an hour later when he picked up the distinct scent of the beast .
he could smell the scent of her sweat , though found himself surprised that his second attacker had been a female .
angered , gnak stomped away from the roasting giant , ignoring the enticing scent of its steaming flesh .
footprints and scents abounded .
the other day i saw the most hideous creature imaginable sliding back and forth across the floor as if it were trying to pick up the scent of someone .
they were tracking him by his scent .
after yesterday , i made a mental note of chaxs scent and also seths , to make sure i did nt mistake the two again .
she lay back on the hard ground in the smothering darkness , the rank scent of an unwashed man in her nostrils .
the scent intoxicated me .
she inhales the scent of the rabbits works , smells bitter and tart , fierce and demure .
i smell the loathsome piety all over you , the scent of the laurel tree . ''
it even swept away the scent of sickness that hung in heavy curtains around iambe 's couch .
how long would the scent linger ?
the scent of rural indiana life - pig manure , fresh tar , plowed earth , cut hay warming in faded red barns - entered through her nose and filled all the dark recesses of her mind .
the reapers scythe cut with the sharp scent of rotting flesh .
they recoiled , fearing the molokrn had caught their scent , had finished with geldirana and come back for them .
it was probably a scent to put him in the mood .
she had a different scent to a human woman , foreign , almost alien .
even with the unmistakable scent of crow hanging around , the cows blood hammered on his sinuses .
no tracks , no scent , just the remains of a cow that looked like it had run into something much worse than some bear or wolf .
what kota started to ask , but his head whipped around when he caught a familiar scent on the breeze that swept over the farm .
then there were those not so normal smells : the fear reeking from the animals , penned up in the stable in spite of the humid heat forewarning a storm to come , along with that coming off of the workers , and the scent of blood that laced everything .
miles sniffed and a faint scent confirmed it : kota had run straight into the forest .
she did n't even know if the intruders had picked up her scent and were following .
he said that the scent had been found , and kaelan 's attention would now be heavy on willow .
revenants in dog - shape were loping through the warm , summer - rain after the scent of rowan and jinx .
she recognised his scent .
we must keep him away from the scent .
a plump skunk named reeks spoke , well sir , we thought that maybe you could put a spell on our scent glands to make our spray deadly if inhaled .
that s worth a try , but i think ill use a sleep enchantment just in case someone on our side inhales the scent ; we do nt want to kill anyone on our team .
nose : the scent of the age - weary text tinted the air .
that thought passed quickly as she breathed in the scent of dirt and dust and something else hidden in the stale air .
unfastening the satchel , she held it open within the palm of her left hand , summoning the gold glitter of horrendous scent to rise from within .
the scent of burning flesh ; a fiery inferno scorched the fine layers of his sheath dj vu .
his scent leaked throughout the theatre .
why is the scent of a candle stronger the instant after one blows it out ?
moon is lovely in her radiance , she has the scent of youth , and though those two are thinking of her with a little more respect for stating her position , both feel they can easily have her in the old way again , once they have disposed of each other .
the scent of ixubal held him back .
` ` here is the scent and essence of birth . ''
my uncle smells of man - sweat ; it is the smell of work in the fields and tobacco smoked in the mat house and during howler monkey discussions , and maybe the scent of his wife .
all the other people became distant , my mother and father seemed like dream - people , even though kaakik was only a few steps away he gave off no heat or scent .
and though i did not see him or hear him or smell his scent , after this he did not appear in my dreams again .
i smelled the bitter scent of vampire blood and the sweet smell of human blood .
along with that i smelled the indescribable scent of a hybrid .
as a human i had barely noticed it , but now the scent was overwhelming .
arriving at a small clearing , the hellhound caught the scent of a woodland creature , its small , fuzzy tail twitching , exciting cerberus who gave chase , barking gleefully .
a team went to investigate , finding your scent and small traces of blood .
a memory the scent on the air is befuddling the wolf into an irritated turmoil .
he s been following the vexing scent for all of five minutes .
he circles back , surprised to pick up on the scent so quickly and strongly again .
he wants to tell her what a liar she is , but then he catches her scent mildly breaking through the mess of smells surrounding her .
liam lifts his head to catch her scent and let out a steady , longing howl .
it wo nt happen again , it was just yeah , her natural scent is something to guard against , knocked me off balance too and i do nt even have a bond with her !
i know the family is aware of my arrival heck , even i can smell the scent of hidden carmina drifting ahead .
i leave the letter on his desk and make my way out the door , being careful to move along to the river , walking in the shallow cold water , hoping it will be enough to blot out my scent .
the scents are too much of a give - away - or so he says .
he has tried just about everywhere to track her scent but she is specifically present here , and at her family home .
for something that does nt have a scent , you reek of that half - breed .
he also smell another scent and the resentment leaves a bitter taste in his mouth .
i took the liberty of rescuing your son from that horrible humans scent , her clothing smelled something appalling !
liam is first to pick up the scent of another elk and , as before , john touches jarrods chest while liam shows us the animal .
i waited for the mess of people to clear up and followed the blood scent further into the city .
i m going liam spends a fair amount of time trying to pin down carminas scent but finds none .
jarrod , john and will join him in trying to try find a scent , but the rain is still pouring .
i follow the scent to a small room in the back of an old storage chamber .
your beauty , your scent intoxicating .
he keep losing her scent and is getting frustrated and concerned .
the gellodes does not seem to go near his estate any scent we pick up from them ends at his borders and dissipates .
when i open my mouth to pick up a scent , my brain cranks my movement into a gale - force towards the front door .
roland picked up one familiar gellodes scent , the other is new .
it was nt much but enough to identify the scent .
a gust of wind rushes through the kitchen and immediately i pick up the wolf scent , as well as rolands .
oh gods i run outside and lift my head finding johns wolf scent and following it as best i can .
ooooh , carmina caught liam with that scent !
no wonder the scouts lost their scent !
the water washes it away , sealing the entrance well enough to confuse the scents .
i used jarrods soap to mask my scent so that i can watch over you while you sleep , here in the cottage .
the mare was nervous , she caught the vagrant scent of men in the air and knew they had invaded the pegassis ancestral foaling ground , but her time was near and she had no other choice .
the horse screamed in terror , pulled loose , and fled into the night while the wind howled like a lost soul and carried the scent and cold of the grave .
the hounds whined in confusion and the horses snorted at the scent of blood , but no one intervened as the two servants murdered their one time master .
the remnant passed so close to his face that he could smell the dry scent of timber .
it stopped close enough for stenn to smell the raw scent of garamoushs flesh that lay caked on its wickedly sharp tip .
if it 's not that interested in the deer , it 'll find our scent , '' isabella said .
now , she worried the honey sweet scent would do the same .
i can not place the scent .
father tomas watched as celestino smelled the air , like a wolf catching the pale scent of his prey .
i have caught only the scent of your foulness wicked one .
the women probably thought that he 'd heard water or smelled the scent of greenery or saw some track in the rock .
i had completely forgotten about the possible strong scent that could have lingered on me , and here i was being reminded .
the night was heavy with the scent of horses and grass .
darth vader was shaking my shoulder , waving one of stephanie 's books under my nose until the scent of printer 's ink and dust acted like smelling salts to shake me back to my senses .
desdemona rode in the lead now , occasionally stopping to let cookie pick up fresh scent .
run through the woods , little fox , but already the dogs have your scent , and the men on their horses are getting closer .
now that his thirst was quenched , his hunger intensified , his mouth watering at the scent of roast meat .
even in the dark rif could recognize his mothers voice , scent , and the feel of her arms enveloping him .
the scent was abhorrent in the plague room and she felt instantly nauseous .
this man did nt smell human , at least not like any human scent he had ever known .
he certainly understood the notion , even now his mind was telling him a scent of roast beef was in the air , although he knew the last piece of beef had been eaten over two months ago .
it was the goody goody energy that she was sensing , she realized , leaving a trail like a scent for a bloodhound .
i m sure your scent is just as much so .
the faintest scents were described in minute detail whenever dog came across them .
asked cat , still distracted by the sound and scent of mice .
they d found the scent trail .
the dogs were howling louder as the scent grew stronger .
they wo nt have your scent , matt .
matts scent will carry on up the mountain , but ours , he lifted the leg with the bandage around it to show them , will veer to the right and head back down .
after a short search the dogs finally found kassims scent leading up the mountain .
unknown to amatola , the cat and her cubs had been on the other side of the lake drinking water when they caught the scent of amatolas terror , along with the scent of the dangerous animal .
unknown to amatola , the cat and her cubs had been on the other side of the lake drinking water when they caught the scent of amatolas terror , along with the scent of the dangerous animal .
the scent in the air reminded her of the scent they had left behind .
the scent of animals , forest loam , the fire , his parents and the night air galvanized his desire to complete his awakening .
in truth , it was her loyalty to her friend , sensitivity to his feelings , and the strong scent of so many norsemen in close confines that kept her on the porch .
first his nostrils found an old scent that befitted an animals den .
as it slid away , his nostrils told him that he had exposed the source of the robust female scent he had detected only faintly moments earlier .
the raw scent of her made it difficult for him not to reflect on the obvious potential for giving her a thorough viking raping .
she could smell the scent of burnt thatch and dead grass on the breeze .
turning , he saw the source of the powerful scent .
if he d been a wolf , he could have detected not only the smoke , but also the twisted metal of the wrecked helo , the crushed weeds beneath them , and roys natural scent , a blend of charcoal , leather , damp earth , and dark chocolate .
he was no longer dj torres , whose natural scent of salt , oil , and burning wood had led his parents to give him the scent name lechon , but a wolf who thought of himself by the scent alone .
he was no longer dj torres , whose natural scent of salt , oil , and burning wood had led his parents to give him the scent name lechon , but a wolf who thought of himself by the scent alone .
he was no longer dj torres , whose natural scent of salt , oil , and burning wood had led his parents to give him the scent name lechon , but a wolf who thought of himself by the scent alone .
in an enclosed building with air that circulated around and around , he could pick up the scents of everyone inside .
it was the scent of outside .
following the scent of green , he ran on as a wolf .
as lechon came to another branching corridor , the scent of green became so strong that outside had to be just a door away .
to his confusion , the scent of green rose up behind him .
it was nt a landscape , but the scent of the woman he d fought .
lechon wondered if the mystery womans odd scent had to do with what she was .
luckily , the air was so dry that scents would be hard to track , and the ground was either rock - hard clay or sand that fell in once his paws lifted , hiding his footprints .
her scent of green .
we sent four search teams , including the pack , but the air is too dry and still for them to pick up his scent .
maybe ill pick up a scent .
did you catch his scent here ?
echo closed her eyes , concentrated on her scent receptors , and took a deep breath .
his scent was wild yet homey , hard - edged yet sensual .
your scent name would be new leaves or cut grass .
i do nt want a scent name , echo said hastily , since dj looked all too pleased at the prospect of naming her .
on impulse , she focused until she could catch his scent of salt and flame .
the only way she could stop breathing in his scent was to turn off her sense of smell entirely .
djs brother with the ridiculous scent name and the heart defect , whom he obviously loved so much .
its her scent name , he explained .
dj was dying to become a wolf and find out if their scents were identical , too , but he managed to restrain himself .
my scent name is lechon , my power is strength , and i m a kidnapped us marine .
my scent name is oak , and my power is to attract prey animals .
and amber had nt even known to tell him her scent name .
maybe the entire pack was made and had never had anyone to teach them wolf traditions beyond the existence of scent names .
dj wondered if roy remembered his own scent name .
and this ll sound weird , but my scent names sidewalk .
when everyone looked blank , he added , to catch each others scents , so our scent names make sense ?
lechon had nt shifted to scent echo , but her scent was the one that captured his attention .
lechon had nt shifted to scent echo , but her scent was the one that captured his attention .
now that he knew what to focus on , he could tell that it was a human scent .
charlies scent was also delicate , but it was nt the same as echos .
the scent of campfires sleek gray wolf reminded dj of how people described his own : burning wood , charcoal , and ash .
but the scent of outside was getting stronger .
it would be so easy to bend his head and rip out his enemys throat the fresh scent of open air was ahead of him .
he raced through it until all sounds and scents of pursuit were gone , and then he kept on running for the sheer joy of it .
periodically , she would wake up and inhale the smell of sams jacket , which she was increasingly glad she had taken ; somehow , the scent of him reassured her that she would find a way back .
he knew that if he could find something left behind by the humans , he could use the scent on it to track them down .
then he held the weapon up to his nose and sniffed it repeatedly , hoping to derive the scent of the human who held it last .
the only scents he could identify were sheeps blood and fish .
the animals they chased away last night must have left quite a scent .
the creature snorted in disgust , snuffled its nose as if trying to catch some faint scent and seemed to be listening intently , but the eyes stared vacantly into the darkness ; jace was minded eerily of brie after her misadventures in the dungeon .
the creature turned its great head immediately in the direction from whence the proclamation had come , its nose twitching like a rabbits trying to catch his scent .
i know you took the princess , her scent has grown faint indeed , yet how is it you mask yours so well ?
the wild scent of the glade of golconda .
they are following the scent of your blood and soon others will come .
it was the perfect scent for him .
the scent was cloying , too many mashed together to be enjoyable .
he caught the strong scent of the concoction then and stood , turning to the young lady .
it sat up then , breathing in the scent of terror .
all this pain yet no way to defend or attack because there is no scent of the creatureno yum .
for that whole year : the scent .
as if her scent had hooked him by the nose : ... just trailed her .
anxiety : definitely the king was anxiousprobing frank ... unhappy with his answersa scent of defeat , of collapsing disappointment ... the kings last words : but you were there .
there was an afterlife ... a happy hunting ground as it is comically phrasedbut the scent of a fresh traila souls journeythe voyaging of the people .
the door creaked open i would make a loud , puzzling scene and throw the officer off the scent of my b & e buddy .
that acrid , tangy scent , like burning metal .
i tell you that i do nt miss the scent of this place , not at all .
who knew if they d catch herocles scent inside or not , but they could nt take that chance .
there was no other in - human scent , except for this brazen creature , taking a victim in full view .
he pried open his mouth , taking in every last scent of him he could .
as the service drew to a close will picked up a scent .
as soon as his mind centered on her beautiful face will was there , in his thoughts , relaying to him that he d caught her scent , but that the little urchin to his right had nt let him go .
for now , he was more determined to track linas scent .
the man who said he d caught the scent of his cousin was standing near the entryway .
he inhaled as deeply as he could , then he passed it around for the pack to catch the scent too .
he was such a gentleman , and steadfast in his pursuit to mark her with his scent .
the air streamed with cool damp fog , exhaust , the scent of a restaurants grill , taps from the pubs , mens cologne , mint , and sweat .
it means that for as much as collin probably enjoyed his task , you carry a scent all your own .
the vampire had dropped his fangs and was snarling at her , and when he d caught the scent of the rest of the wolves , he turned to run .
this was not magic ; the buffalo was just picking up the subtlest of cues and clues from the environment , the ripple in the water perhaps , or the scent of stirred mud , or a particular stillness in the air .
the scent of dead flesh attracted crows and other carrion - eaters , which landed on the corpse to peck at it .
the horses calmed at the familiar scent and face of the farmer and trotted up to him .
the scent drew him forward , but as he stepped , his head ached .
they could smell the scent of my blood ; they closed in around me like a pack of hungry hyenas .
rhea quickly got to her feet and rushed out of the room , leaving just her soft scent behind .
hey , the ladies like my scent just fine .
` ` does it matter , does anything matter except the scent of my skin ? ''
` ` i saw them , like a pack of sharks on the scent of blood . ''
not merely a rose , but all that grew upon the earth was in her scent .
i breathed in the scent of good leather , the oil that he 'd used to clean the sword , and over all that was the scent of him .
then came the first distant breath of ozone , like a storm that had n't quite reached us yet , but the scent of it rode the wind and promised great and terrible things .
the scent was growing stronger .
his scent is all over it . ''
the scent of the canim embassy surrounded him as he did - musky , subtle , and thick , somehow reminding him of both the smithy at his old steadholt and the den of a direwolf .
there were a pair of low growls this time , one coming from either side of him , and tavi became acutely aware of how entirely vulnerable he was , and how strongly the chamber smelled of musk and meat - the scent of predators .
` ` a scent , '' sarl said , a hungry little whine coloring his tone .
it had your scent . ''
she confirmed that each legionare carried two furylamps with him , and after that she found her way to the rear of the column , where the pungent scent of walker , doroga 's gargant , provided almost as good a guide as the feeble light .
and then a breath later , he caught the acrid , caged - animal scent of the black hall .
varg let out another , almost inaudible growl in front of him , and tavi tried to hurry , until varg 's feral scent and the odor of iron filled his nose .
blythe 's scent .
the sharp scent of gunpowder still hung in the air , the smell of shit from the released bowels of the dead .
it remembered the scent of humanity .
her ears quivered , one rotating to the left , the other to the right , like hounds with the scent of prey .
bigger , blacker fish would join the feast , he had been told , once they caught the scent of blood .
as it was , her voice was distant to him , second to the suddenly pervasive presence of her scent .
suddenly , smiles disappeared , brows went flat and the rogue 's head snapped up like a cat catching the scent of dead fish .
he lived well , i think , and i try to think of him whenever i have the time , in the moments when i remember the scent of dirt and feel a deep - seated hunger for pork .
it was the scent of linen that was his allergy , spurring images to his mind he never wished to see , those images bringing forth other images .
' there 's a scent on the air ... one i have n't sensed in a long time . '
he 's already got the scent of some food . '
if you get his blood on you , you wo n't be able to follow the scent .
' i ' m following a scent , ' he finally told the boy .
the abysmyth stalked towards her , sweeping its eyes across the blue stillness ; the look of a predator with the scent of blood .
the aroma filled his nostrils with memory and he summoned visions and sounds through the scent : clawed footprints in the earth , wings beating on the air , rain on heavy leather , uncooked meat on grass .
the boy was forgotten , humans disappeared from his concerns as he fell to all fours and rushed along the ground , following the scent as it wound over roots , under branches , around rocks and through bushes .
the scent of rain was suddenly tinged with salt .
he was on the beach suddenly , the forest behind him and the scent gone , a snake stretched too thin around the tree trunks .
there was only the scent of rivers as she charged him .
all that remained was gariath and the scent of rivers and rocks .
but it was with hope that he walked , following the scent as it wound its way through the jungle paths and into the heart of the forest where no one but he was meant to go .
the scent became overwhelming as he placed a claw upon the thick , leafy branch .
his scent , she had noticed , lingered a few hours behind him .
and then , bursting from all the humans like pus from a boil , that most common scent of confusion .
the scent of salt was a reprieve from the ugly stenches surrounding the humans , but not what he desired to smell again .
he closed his eyes , let his nostrils flare , drinking in the air , trying to find the scent that filled his nostrils when he held two wailing pups in his arms , when he had mated for the first time , when he had begged grahta not to go , begged to follow the pup .
he sought the scent of memory .
the scent is sweet to predators . '
humans are drawn to the scent . '
his body jolted at once , his eyes snapping wide open at a scent that instantly overwhelmed his senses and the stink of the sea alike .
her hair was the same , frazzled still , undoubtedly still thick with the scent of streets and people .
to go searching for a man whom she had once seen evade scent hounds while doused in cherry liquor and whorestink was folly enough , but to expend so much effort on a man for whom getting doused in cherry liquor and whorestink was a frequent occurrence was simply stupid .
the water was rife with the scent of corpses .
' once i pick up the scent again . '
his nostrils quivered , lips curled back in a cringe at the scent .
but the scent , since you mentioned it ... ' there was reluctance in gariath 's step as he walked toward the elder .
the elder gave no reply and gariath did not demand one , did not have the sense to as he was struck suddenly , by the faintest , lingering memory of a scent , but recoiled as though struck by a fist .
it seemed to take the scent with it , the smell dissipating in his nostrils as the sound faded , dying with every whispered repetition as it slipped into trees that had suddenly gone quiet , leaving him alone .
it certainly was not the scent of either of them that filled his nostrils and drew his head up .
the other side was n't too far , he saw , and the scent of the creatures , their dead leaves and dry rivers , was still there , despite the blood seeping into his nostrils .
' just keep killing things and she 'll continue to follow the scent of blood . '
he was not intoxicated , not by the sight or scent of her , at least .
twenty - nine the scent of memory the grandfather was n't speaking to him anymore .
gariath could see him at the corner of his eyes , held the scent of him in his nostrils .
now , he ignored sight and sound alike , focused only on scent .
but it was there , the scent of the rhega , drifting through the air , rising up from the ground , across the sea .
it was a confident scent , unconcerned with earth and air and water .
the scent was a passing thought .
the scent he sought was difficult to track , the source he followed difficult to concentrate on .
he drew in the creature 's scent and knew its name .
' the scent is strong . '
so long as he had a scent to track , answers to seek , he did n't have to think .
another scent was wrapped up within the reek of decay , trapped inside it , inseparable from it .
the scent of the rhega was the odour of life , strong , powerful .
he would get a better scent , he knew , smell the vigour and memory of the rhega that undoubtedly lingered behind it .
its scent was too ... too ... ' no ... ' he collapsed to his knees ; his hands drove themselves into the dirt and began digging .
' that 's why the scent is faint . '
she found the scent of rabbits cooking and fires .
your fire will always carry the scent of death .
the father sensed his presence , sensed the scent of his consort , his mistress , in the mouth 's hand .
his nostrils quivered at the scent of smoke .
the scent here was faint ; that could n't be right , he thought .
ahgaras succumbed to his wounds and died here , the scent said .
but he continued to breathe them in , searching the scent for anything , any birth , any mating , any defecation , anything but this endless reeking list of death .
' i spent over a year taking in their scents to find their names , wisest .
their scent is nothing but death , ' gariath said , folding his arms over his chest .
' i know their scent , pup .
the scent of death may linger .
the scent of sea was overpowering , scraping his nostrils dry .
through the smoke and the scent of char , she could see him .
the scent of death , heaviest and most pungent , was not making it particularly easy to sense out that enigmatic aroma .
long and limber and writhing helplessly in her bonds , the scent of her tears cloying his nostrils and the sound of her shrieking drawing his lips apart .
a silence so crisp that it was impossible not to hear the sound of gariath 's nostrils twitching as he drew in a breath and a scent upon it .
eleven sleep now , if not soundly he had just closed his eyes when he caught the scent .
another thick droplet of crimson fell and splattered across her forehead , another falling upon her eye , another upon her lips , until her face was slick with blood and her scent was copper tang and sour life .
his nostrils quivered with the scent of cooked flesh .
as good as any scent to follow , he reasoned , and if it would get him out of the coral , so much the better .
somewhere , on air that was n't there , he caught a vague scent .
she had carried their scent , too .
no sign of the greenshict , no scent of the greenshict .
then , a stray scent caught his nostrils .
admittedly , he should be nicer to her given that her scent was still all over him , but he trusted she would understand why he wanted to leave a dark , brooding chasm in which he had nearly died and then spoken to a dead girl .
but it was a common practice amongst hunters to keep their waste , liquid and otherwise , off the ground to avoid upsetting the prey 's delicate sense of scent and alerting them .
the order had been given moments ago , its mere mention like the scent of blood to them , inspiring a frenzy they had no choice but to unleash .
the emptiness of his head filled with the screams and the blood and the explosion and the twitching limbs and the statue flying through the sky and the scent of death everywhere , rising up on curtains of dust , the resigned sigh of an earth that had seen too much blood already .
the scent was full of life , fading fast .
the scent of life brimmed , in plumes of smoke from the scorched sand and in the hot breath of the sikkhun beast .
he drew in a long breath and inhaled only the scent of blood and fear .
and the answer came in the drip of blood down his back and in the scent of decay and rot weeping from his shoulder .
i came here expecting to find a ghost , a scent of memory , an answer from death .
there 's no scent here .
but the thought of being there without her , surrounded by her things , her scent , her life , was simply too painful ... do n't go there , thought shadow .
if you were in a city they 'd get your scent in minutes . ''
he thought for a moment it was the cat , but then he smelled perfume , and under the perfume , the scent of something rotten .
there was an explosion , and a puff of cordite , gunpowder scent on the wet air .
` ` this boy does n't have the scent of demons on him .
` ` not a bit of a scent , '' i gush , rather more breathlessly than i meant .
there 's nowhere to shelter , so we do n't stop when the sun sets , but keep going , hoping to outpace any demons which catch our scent .
it must be frustrating , the scent of prey thick in their nostrils , having to fight their way through , often failing .
at the gate i test the air for the scent of demons .
` ` there 's a scent of something inhuman , but ... '' he smells the air again , eyes narrow slits .
` ` i picked up a svart scent from the cemetery where you fought . ''
the one i tracked left the cemetery , then went to where i met you by your bike , then i caught a similar scent not far from here , in the area of your apartment .
i picked up yet another svart scent that led me here , then it vanished .
if storm picks up the scent , we 'll follow . ''
when tzader called quinn telepathically to confirm that storm had picked up a scent and they 'd left underground , quinn peeled out and caught up to the pair on piedmont avenue .
she watched storm move back and forth , then squatted down and asked the coal - black animal , ` ` does the scent end here ? ''
the ferals were wary , too , for the scent of men , as temeraire was not ; it was arkady 's warning that saved them from notice by a persian cavalry company , all the dragons only barely managing to get behind some hills as the troop came riding over the crest of the road and into sight .
he 'd gone maybe two steps when his nose caught the scent on the wind .
it carries the faint scent of corn dogs and cotton candy .
the air carried a strong scent of canim , an odor that was pungent , musty , and somehow a little metallic .
his ears flicked forward , orienting on tavi and durias , and tavi saw nasaug 's nostrils flare as he quested for their scents .
a faint scent lingered in the air , beneath the mustiness of the ship itself , the foulness of human waste - and blood .
isana felt it with terrifying clarity when several of them picked up the scent of araris 's blood in the sea and began slicing toward them .
as tavi approached , the rust - and - musk scent of the cane bombarded his senses , bringing back the memories of his regular visits with varg , as well as the memories of the canim ambassador 's actions during the initial assault of the vord queen .
the scent of singed fur filled the air .
the horses reared and kicked as they caught varg 's scent .
and dogs track by scent .
` ` your scents are similar . ''
` ` almost as similar as your scent and that of gaius sextus . ''
he was utterly unprepared when an enormous hand landed on his shoulder , and only the sudden rusty - musty scent of the cane 's fur prevented him from turning and thrusting in sheer panic .
the man hesitated , slowing , and the horse of the rider immediately behind him crashed into him , screaming in sudden fear at the scent of hot blood .
i do n't know what the other scent is . ''
she was standing so close that she could smell the scent of him , sweat and soap and blood .
her voice came out unevenly - he was standing very close to her , close enough that she could feel the warmth of him , smell the faint burned scent of newly applied marks .
the faint breeze carried the scent of rotten eggs .
chance held such dark sorcery in the amber of his eyes , and his scent always made me think of white sheets and writhing bodies .
a cool , damp wind blew over us , carrying the scent of distant fires .
i recognized his scent before i opened my eyes .
it carried with it the faint scent of decay and decomposition , not of meat , but of vegetation .
darkness flooded the woods , carrying that particular scent of dying vegetation .
if i find something that belonged to the mage who worked in this lab , could you follow his scent ? ''
the scent of rich and expensive .
she wanted to be senseless and reeling and out of touch with her reality ... because of him and the sex he threw off like a scent and the wild ride he would be .
but the only thing he 'd left behind was the scent of the shampoo and soap he 'd used : the cedar - y fragrance was on one of her pillows and some of her sheets .
no longer able to hold his head up , he let the thing rest on the stone and just breathed , dimly noting that the air was saturated with both the copper scent of fresh kill and the acrid pinch of still - smoking candlewicks .
temeraire was not mollified ; whales were perfectly tolerable creatures , very good eating when not excessively large , but no - one could compare them to cartloads of gems and gold ; and as for ambergris , he did not care for the scent .
tavi felt a sensation almost akin to that of his mouth watering at the scent of a fine meal .
` ` so will the scent of a hundred horses , '' tavi said drily .
the water - mud - fish scent of the great tiber river rose up to them .
the scent of burnt wood and of something astringent and bitter filled his nose .
a moment later , the odd , acrid scent of cane filled his nose .
sari suddenly sniffed , a snuffling sound nearly identical to any canine investigating a scent .
sickness , nauseous sickness at the sight and scent of so much blood , so many corpses , cut down with steel or charred by the savage sunfire he 'd had his knights unleash on the enemy .
the hard coppery scent of blood , the sweaty stench of fear , the stink of shit .
their scent was stultifying in the enclosed dark .
nats do n't have the scent .
it paused and took a great snuffling breath as it tasted the air for his scent .
the air was suddenly speared by the scent of burned fur , and the panda tottered about , spreading the fire as it bumped into the shattered bar and the broken furniture that littered the floor .
there 's a faint scent of death in the air and on the lamppost is a blue flyer with laden 's face on it .
when they have the scent of prey , they can only focus on the chase .
but they 're still on their feet , our scent thick in their nostrils , licking their lips at the thought of biting into our soft , juicy brains .
` ` when demons catch the scent of blood , they do n't always obey their master 's orders , '' beranabus chuckles .
or he might be a red herring , placed by me to throw you off the scent of the real culprit .
she could smell a sharp , metallic scent coming off him , like gun oil and sweat .
it is interesting to note that , several hours later , a couple of wolves who were following twoflower 's scent arrived in the glade .
the scent of it made her want to scream .
unwashed socks , other dogs , dr whiteface 's greasepaint , yesterday 's dinner - the scents filled the air .
the scent of foul ole ron was practically tangible .
and he 'd lost the scent .
several times the scent petered out at a wall or a low - roofed hut , and gaspode would limp around in circles until he found it again .
' that 's probably to throw that basilica person off the scent , ' nanny said .
angua smelled the scent on them .
a man had stood there , and by the scent of it he had n't moved for some time .
it was one that drove through all the other scents of the streets like a spear .
we may as well cut their poor bloody throats for the meat that 's on ' em- ' a gust of wind took his hat off for him , and blew a lash of scent across the wilted mulga bushes .
the scent wafted .
perhaps they thought- the scent rolled over him .
their scent hung in the air like fog .
tiffany smelled the scent of jolly sailor outside the hall when the meeting was over , and thought about the baron 's dog .
they can follow a trail that 's days old , even if you cover yourself with scent - especially if you cover yourself with scent .
they can follow a trail that 's days old , even if you cover yourself with scent - especially if you cover yourself with scent .
in fact they were completely unsubstantiated rumours , because mr gryle had been excessively good at his job when pigeons were n't involved , had moved like a shadow with claws and , while he 'd left a faint scent , it had been masked by the blood .
there was a rustling behind him , and a waft of scent .
there was a sharp scent in the air .
look into the face of a man who will kill you for a belief and your nostrils will snuff up the scent of abomination .
i mean , follow a scent ? ''
` ` yes , we do n't want to lose the scent , '' said lady ramkin .
but perhaps there was a trail , a scent , a thread which would lead it to the sky ... perhaps there was a pathway of thought itself ...
the door shot back and her face pressed against his , almost knocking him unconscious with the scent of rotting rose petals .
the spicy smell of the eucalyptus could almost hide the scent of blood .
it was almost a type of magic how they always found us again , like a dog on a scent .
chapter twenty - five i was snuggled against the sweet scent of frost 's back , one arm across his waist , my hips curving around the firm roundness of his ass .
something else smelled like chocolate , no , hard cherry candy , no , it was like the scent of everything sweet and good , and with the scent there was a desire to find it and pick it up so i could have all that goodness .
in a castle , where the scent of fire dragons was in every nook and corner , which meant only one thing ... . because there was only one dragon she knew of who not only had a castle but actually lived in it rather than on it .
that scent of lightning in the air .
and it did n't help that when she was angry , she gave off that scent ... a musk , maybe .
he stopped and she glanced over just as his snout came around the boulder , latching on to her scent .
and reeking of his big brother 's scent .
letting out an exasperated sigh , briec sniffed the air and followed her scent .
her room now stood empty , so he continued on farther into the cave , following her scent .
as her scent became stronger , his dragon body tightened in anticipation , realizing where she 'd disappeared to .
` ` the scent of fear . ''
he 'd been flying when he caught her scent far from the castle .
the scent of more food woke him up , and another meal and a delicious concoction of wine mixed with healing herbs had him up and wandering around his aunt 's house .
he went outside and eventually caught her scent .
locking on her scent , he was relieved to discover she 'd only gone deeper into the cave rather than out of it .
he followed her scent until it disappeared into a crevice no one among his kin would ever be able to creep through .
once outside , he sniffed the air and caught her scent .
tell them to follow my scent ! ''
` ` i mean , they get my scent and they bolt . ''
chapter 6 they ended up risking the skies when the first set of wild horses they came upon stampeded at the first scent of the lightning .
the scent of it wafted to his nose and vigholf could n't help but growl a little .
` ` now- '' vigholf began until that familiar scent caught his attention , and he moved quickly toward the tent opening , ignoring the way rhona scrabbled out of his way as if he was some dangerous animal .
` ` they'l be more docile , less chance of skittering off at the first scent of you . ''
al you lot scent is heat and fire .
if she had , she would have caught that distinct scent or seen the slither marks on the cave 's dirt floor or simply known that they were n't alone .
the venom hit the rock and she heard the sizzle , smel ed that burning scent of putrid death .
they know your scent .
satisfied , eibhear sniffed the air and followed izzy 's scent .
fearghus recognized the smell of flame if not the scent of the dragons themselves .
i reached out to stroke the velvety softness of her muzzle , and her nostrils flared in and out , taking in my scent .
` ` i thought i smelt your foul scent , andre . ''
i jogged around the front and climbed in the cab , careful not to take a breath , knowing william 's scent permeated every inch of leather and scrap of metal .
there was nothing but the scent of stale trash mildewing in the dumpster beside me and the bitter taste of losing him all over again on the tip of my tongue .
his scent , faint as it was from however long his absence had been , still permeated the air .
the house smelled faintly of him , as if he 'd been away from it for awhile , but the closer i got to the closed door at the end of the hall , the stronger his scent became .
my pace quickened , not caring what i 'd find in a room drowning with his scent which was sealed up with a closed door .
there were no scents that would distinguish if i was inside or outside other than a mans cheap smel ing , spicy cologne .
chapter fourteen a most welcome guest two days , thirteen hours , twenty - four minutes , and a handful of seconds later , i was nt sure if there was any going back from the crazy that had burrowed its way in after hearing nothing but silence , seeing nothing but black , smel ing nothing but the musty scent of the burlap bag over my face , and moving no more than an inch in this direction or an inch in that direction .
that familiar woodsy - musky scent of his had n't once failed to arouse her in the century they 'd lived and loved together .
a man so privileged , the scent of it oozed from his pores .
but she knew that scent , his flavor , deep down .
too many competing scents .
he had been giving the thin creature a gobbet of fresh meat every time it discovered them a mushroom ; by now it would tear away after the least trail of scent with the greatest enthusiasm .
no terrible scent lingered to indicate that mason had been anything but bluntly honest .
then a familiar , biting scent burned her nostrils .
it sounded like a convenient excuse , and she would have thought so if not for the absence of any cloying , burning scent .
his male scent pummeled her senses again .
think of your mate 's scent , then light the candle .
the scent of your arousal has driven me mad since last night . ''
no scent of astringent as if he 'd scrubbed it in a hurry .
chances were good that the guy had come walking through there with the scent of dried blood on his clothes and something with four paws had viewed him as a happy meal .
but shit - on - a - shingle , even the scent of fresh death drifting over from the bathroom gave her no pleasure : to protect her mirror , she needed so much more than what adt or brinks monitoring had to offer , and the new sacrificial virgin she 'd strung up over her tub was bleeding out nicely - getting ready to be useful , not just decorative .
next thing he knew , the scent of fresh coffee announced that his partner had come up to him .
oh ... the scent .
the mark on her deltoid betrayed her , as did her scent .
the child 's fear lingered in the air , the acrid scent mingling with the stench of decaying infernal soul .
blood flowed , its scent goading the demon into roaring in triumph , a sound audible only to those with enhanced hearing .
the scent of rotting soul drifted on the balmy breeze , but not in a quantity that would alarm her .
her nose wrinkled as the scent of rotting soul roiled in the wind .
fear spread through the room and tainted it with an acrid scent .
it emphasized the overwhelming scent of marks to a near suffocating degree .
` ` the mask suppresses aspects of infernal genetic makeup , hence the reason for the change in their scent and skin .
chapter 15 raguel smelled the scent of ripe mortal terror before the door to his cell opened .
eve did n't know if that was because he was stupid and could n't pick out a celestial without a mark 's scent , or if he was so cocky he did n't view a mal'akh as a threat .
it carried the mingled scent of evil and rotting souls , a pungent stench that made her stomach roil .
if he had n't masked his scent and details , she would n't be fighting him .
the faint chemical tang of tap water filled her nostrils , as did the scent of ashes , demon , and blood .
the safest thing to do would be to get far away from her , to allow his scent to fade from her skin so that she could n't be used against him .
she could n't describe the scent even to herself , having no point of reference for something that smelled so horrendous .
` ` his scent is fainter in here than in the rest of the condo . ''
he breathed deeply , inhaling the scent of hundreds of marks confined in one space .
the tengu had no details and no scent . ''
` ` if i was omnipotent and i created a legion of warriors to fight on my behalf , i would n't advertise them with a unique scent .
he breathed deeply , hoping against hope that some trace scent of the infernal had been left behind for him to follow .
one with no scent and no details .
with the extent of the destruction , the clearing should have reeked for yards away , but whatever it was , it left neither a scent behind nor anything of takeo beyond his skin and tissue . ''
his scent was unmistakable and relief filled her .
there 's nothing on earth capable of reproducing their scent , so we have to use actual demons . ''
it was unusually robust and reed found himself breathing through his mouth to diminish the potency of the scent .
there were infernals all around him , the scent of their rotting souls competing with the smells of food , hot beverages , and human perfumes .
he was in search of any demon who could be goaded into a fight , one whose blood would create his signature fragrance - eau de infernal - a scent that would disguise his and give him the cover he needed to penetrate a den full of wolves .
fear added an acrid tinge to her scent .
as long as infernals had a way to mask their scent and details , everything was suspect .
the scent of it was unusual , more bitter and acrid than rotting .
as they opened the stairwell door to the uppermost landing , the scent of infernal drifted into their nostrils .
her laser - bright eyes told him she was an infernal a second before the scent of her decaying soul did .
his scent was stronger now , more virile .
the fact that he 'd caught the scent of danger opened another can of worms .
they must be wearing that masking stuff to hide their scent , or templeton would have smelled them . ''
driven into a frenzy by the scent of blood , the beasts snarled and leaped into the bars without regard for their own safety .
he was lowered into the maze , his nostrils flaring at the scent of death and decay that permeated the space .
` ` i do n't think they will , '' he said absently , searching the ground around the area like a bloodhound picking up the scent .
he was following an engaging scent along the eaves of a wood , when he turned a corner and came suddenly upon a new and alarming smell ; he ran indeed slap into the tail of chrysophylax dives , who had just landed .
based on the dark , musky scent , not ronan .
` ` the only way to leave you covered in his scent like this is to be very thorough . ''
thankfully , the scent of the other male drifted only over her clothes and dissipated quickly .
up until then dorfl 's scent , or at least the fresh scent of old meat and cow dung , had headed quite directly back to the slaughterhouse district .
up until then dorfl 's scent , or at least the fresh scent of old meat and cow dung , had headed quite directly back to the slaughterhouse district .
he dwells in that black empty cabin as if it were a tomb , stirring from it only at the scent of blood .
the scent of food made marsh realize how long it had been since he 'd eaten .
there was a terrible explosion , the scent of smoke and blood .
the wind was cool and cutting , sharp with the scent of rain in an area that had little of that kind of thing in the normal course of events .
tavi frowned ahead of them , idly keeping his horse from sidestepping as they entered the canim camp , and the wolf - warriors ' scent filled the beasts ' nostrils .
he opened the door to his cabin , paused at a sudden scent , then scowled and stepped into the unlit room , shutting the door behind him .
it even defeated the room 's gargant scent .
it seemed like he was using his lycan sense to track their scent .
he recognized the scent of slaughtered sheep , of offal and blood .
the marat opened his eyes again , remained low , on all fours , and began casting around the floor of the clearing like a dog after a scent .
the frozen brush did not seem to move so much as to have simply grown into a screen over them , and the sudden scent of earth and crushed plants flooded over them , veiling even that much evidence of their presence .
the scent of her , fresh and wild , curled up around him , through him like something alive .
the wind began to blow from the north , bringing to amara the scent of the distant sea of ice and of men and of steel .
a smell rose from the ground before the battlements in those silent moments after , the scent of charred meat .
he turned away to pace , head down , and i was reminded for all the world of a tracking dog trying to pick up a scent .
the new york times has the scent on the wardens .
instead of going straight , which would ' ve gotten us to the motel , i turned left , following the mental ` ` scent . ''
i say ` ` scent '' and ` ` voice , '' but what draws me is not really something as clear - cut as those words indicate .
wiped out the tracking scent , so the bloodhounds were n't any use . ''
when they resumed the search the next day , the scent was gone , i guess .
i crawl now , through the mud , dragging myself toward the scent .
somehow , through the smoke and vomit , i pick up the scent of singed hair .
the faint scent of a skunk cuts through the smoke .
the stones beneath me are wet with gale 's blood , the air heavy with its scent .
the air grows heavy with trampled plants , the scent of blood , and the musty stink of the monkeys .
that extra moment it takes to place our unfamiliar scent means their death .
as we trudge back through the woods , we reach a boulder , and both gale and i turn our heads in the same direction , like a pair of dogs catching a scent on the wind .
they say it 's to cover the scent of blood from the mouth sores that will never heal .
so there 's a lot of time spent shattering things that do n't matter , to throw them off the scent .
we leave the room free of everything but our scent .
my scent must be as evocative to them as theirs is to me .
the scent of old blood rose from the butcher 's shop below like an ugly perfume of earth and humanity that had followed them across the void .
after that , the constant noise and press and scent of humanity all around him made ramon edgy .
the air smelled hot and acid - the scent , familiar to prospectors , of spent explosives .
scavengers would find it by its scent , the way they had found the jabali rojo that maneck had killed .
the scent of rain was growing stronger .
ramon took one last clandestine pull at the whiskey bottle and silently returned it to its place , rinsing the glass out before slipping into the bathroom to brush the scent from his breath .
the scent of old blood rotting in the alley mixed with the wood smoke and van exhaust ; the odor of diegotown was acrid and familiar .
it had the scent of me now .
he 'd noticed the scent somewhere about halfway through that time .
the stale scent of the prison .
even my scent could arouse him .
the scent of ozone was everywhere .
he came up for air at eighth avenue , ascending out of the strong morning scent of disinfectant barely masking the smell of vomit .
by the end of the day plenty of nats would be green from the dead - fish scent .
the suit had once belonged to tachyon and this joker had somehow gotten his scent off it .
the sound of claws tick ing on wet stone receded , as did the scent of other reptiles .
one of the chinese glanced up , alert , quivering like a dog on a scent .
the scents were largely unpleasant .
` ` kien 's men are still looking for you - once wyrm tastes a scent he can follow it anywhere , as long as traces of it remain on his tongue - so i 'll take you to a safe place and then go after the books .
besides dis comforting him , i ' m sure the mustard also wiped away all traces of your scent .
from inside the hood came a noise as of someone sniffing to catch an elusive scent ; the head turned from side to side of the road .
orcs were as keen as hounds on a scent , it was said , but they could also climb .
they seemed to pick up some scent , and they searched the ground for a while near the place where you halted .
i suppose he was lurking in moria , and picked up our trail then ; but i hoped that our stay in lorien would throw him off the scent again .
they went in single file , running like hounds on a strong scent , and an eager light was in their eyes .
' the scent is growing cold . '
in this dry bleak land we ca n't leave many footprints , nor much scent , even for his snuffling nose . '
but you ' ve been warm on the scent all along .
then , whether aragorn had indeed some forgotten power of westernesse , or whether it was but his words of the lady eowyn that wrought on them , as the sweet influence of the herb stole about the chamber it seemed to those who stood by that a keen wind blew through the window , and it bore no scent , but was an air wholly fresh and clean and young , as if it had not before been breathed by any living thing and came new - made from snowy mountains high beneath a dome of stars , or from shores of silver far away washed by seas of foam .
i ' ve lost the scent through giving way to you .
' he messed up the scent back there , pinching that cast - off mail - shirt that he found , and paddling all round the place before i could get there . '
for the scent had borne him back to the day when he had lit his little fire under the sunny bank ; and for a moment all else between was out of waking memory .
he reached up to swipe it away , the movement sending another scent aaron 's way .
to me that is ... . every wolf goes through life searching for the perfect , irresistible scent on that one person .
human for sure , no way to mistake that scent .
a smell of peppermint drifted out on to the street ; the man was thorough , and he used a peppermint bomb to cover his scent .
it was then that he caught a scent in the air .
even though the scent was faint , vin still caught whiffs of herself occasionally .
it was the smell of a passing noblewoman , the scent of a perfumed drawer opened by her brother 's burgling ngers .
the scent of blood drying slowly , the scent of misery and of terror .
the scent of blood drying slowly , the scent of misery and of terror .
` ` so , '' she said quietly , ` ` the inquisitor still has my scent ? ''
we 'd probably never have found it without the dogs - they picked up the scent pretty easily , though i ca n't see how .
` ` the dogs found it because of the particular scent our digestive juices leave on recently excreted bones . ''
with tin , she easily picked out a sharp scent that reminded her of bile .
they had been dead long enough that sazed had n't noticed the scent until he had come close .
a shift in the wind brought a telltale scent from the village .
it was the scent of rotting bodies .
she was n't as good as some , but she 'd leaned the obvious scents .
he 'd been forced to delegate this duty , instead focusing his efforts on learning to recognize the details - the scents , the tastes , the discolorations - of poisons .
four were tin : sight , hearing , scent , and touch .
he 'd begun filling his scent tinmind to keep the stench away .
` ` it 's probably just following our scent , hoping that we 'll leave some trash for it to eat .
spook caught a scent of smoke as he walked .
and yet , the scent seemed too strong for that .
his nose ... he could n't smell the boards beneath him , could n't tell the species of wood by scent .
and , do n't you possess an imperial scent as well ? ''
the scent was , of course , terrible .
the boar was so close , i could smell its scent , sharp and acrid on the cold air .
the scent of ozone , lightning .
the smell of ozone came faint ; the scent of close rain was stronger .
in the past , she had always either appeared more solid or been only a voice , a scent on the wind .
the cloud of nightmares rolled above the clover like a pack of hounds that had lost the scent .
he struggled for air , unable to escape the man 's scent and the faint smell of sulfur .
my ears had rung for a straight two hours and i could still smell the burned scent of twisted metal ... and skin .
i caught the scent of water and figured there was a lake somewhere nearby , but there were no sounds of engines , laughter , or anything .
we quickly threw our remaining snacks into the flames , hoping to throw off the scent .
they were all forging straight ahead , no more uncertain of their course than homing rooks or bloodhounds on a scent .
but if it were hunting him it would presumably hunt by scent ; and in any case he would not risk losing the stream .
the scent of her arousal thickened .
she 'd rather let the scent of ice cling to her as long as possible , revel in it for as long as she could .
she turned to ice , close enough to smell the musky - pine scent of him ... yet so far away .
it took perhaps another half an hour for tavi 's less acute senses to pick up on the scent .
and the scent grew stronger .
her eyes were narrowed , questing up and down the hall , her head tilted slightly , one ear a little forward , and her nostrils were wide as if questing for a scent .
no livestock were in sight , though their scent was still strong on the air .
most animals would react strongly to the scent of bleeding prey .
his wolf rumbled within the confines of his body , pushing up enough to search through the myriad of scents for lillian 's .
despite the fact he was lycan , his scent continued to taunt and tease .
shaking her head to banish the maddening scent , she tucked the yellow sharps disposal bag into a side pocket on the med - kit .
the scent of the forest filtering through the vents on the sides of the cabin gave way to farmland .
dark marks around his wrist and the scent of blood in the air told her he 'd tried to escape his bonds .
possessiveness , the need to mark her and have her carry his scent , surged hotly through his veins .
sanders took a deep breath to catch the scent .
the scent of blood and death hung in the room so thick she wanted to roll in it like a cat in catnip .
something that felt an awful lot like fur and with it came the deep , male scent that had captivated her in the truck .
skulking in the shadows of the building opposite , toni watched the lab and analyzed the scents around it .
there was the oil and gas from the truck where it had parked , wilson 's scent , the blood and cordite wrapped around it proof that he 'd just come from the battlefield .
this one had been used a lot , myriad scents assaulting her .
foster 's scent from when they 'd dropped him off earlier had faded .
the reason it was so strong was because there was a second scent trail .
her heart thudding against her ribcage , she set off on the scent trail .
the scent led to the biggest hangar at the back .
all different scents , different people , yet one thing linked them .
too many scents to contend with , especially when he was full of the crap they 'd pumped into his veins .
the aura of pain , and the scent of blood rose up to her like heat from hades .
blood welled , the scent thick in the air and she watched three black drops fall .
this close , leon 's scent wrapped around him , as wild as the forest but with deep smoky notes sanders had noticed were unique to the bigger wolf .
foster 's scent was strong here .
she followed her nose , noting the lycan 's scent got stronger and more feral the farther she went .
equipment , metal , the hot , electrical scent of electronic kit .
worse scents .
but his scent was odd , not quite lycan .
but where darce smelled of life and vitality , the other scent was different .
still deep and feral , but the scent of the woods in the winter , when almost everything was dead or sleeping , with a thread of something else .
the recording equipment set up around the ring amplified the sound of fists hitting flesh and grunts of pain , sounds punctuated by the scent of fresh blood on the air .
like this one- '' she slammed a cage door shut , the lycan within deader than a dodo , the scent of death clear from across the room .
the scent of blood hit her when she ventured farther .
it took her a few minutes in rabbit warren corridors covered in dust , tracking the only scents that were n't at least a decade old to find the broadcast center .
the straggly bushes parted under his hand as he followed leon 's scent trail .
the wind shifted for a second , bringing the fullness of leon 's scent and the sharp stink of urine , but just as quickly it shifted again .
the wind changed , buffeting the two from behind and their scent washed over the pack .
the scent was dead .
pain lanced through her face as the scent of thick , black blood blossomed on the air .
and then there was her scent .
like he 'd marked her , owned her and her body had accepted his claim by mimicking his scent .
her scent said human , almost .
steele 's scent was all over her , but there was something else- something wild and feral , buried deep down .
she hit again and again , until the skin on her knuckles split and the scent of her own blood filled her nostrils .
five packs in residence if the scents on the wind were accurate .
claws clicked on the concrete and linoleum as they followed the scent of blood and death .
a quick glance assured them they were all empty so the pack raced on , following the myriad scents .
the best tracker in the group , sanders was up front - all senses on alert as he turned his head this way and that , catching every scrap of information he could from the overload of scents .
tall and broad , with a head of dark hair and heavy stubble , the injured man had a strange scent .
the hybrid 's scent wrapped around sanders when he crowded closer .
shouts and the scent of panic clued him in that the pack was freaking out .
lycan for sure , but her scent held tones of jack 's in the same way she knew her own held hints of darce 's .
the dead had gone beyond the scent of roses , after all .
sydney had nt finished processing the thrill of his mouth on her skin and the knee - melting male scent of him when he lifted her against him and braced her back against the wall .
how did you your scent .
i smelled the scent .
i could n't say how i was so certain , but i knew the men who shared my bed - the feel of them , the scent of their skin - and this was no one i knew that well .
the scent of roasting meat woke a hunger in him that was more powerful even than horror or despair .
i needed to wash away the sweat , to wash away the scent of his body on mine .
` ` actually , the scent of sex is stronger than usual .
` ` you have to be a little more specific than that , '' i reminded him , my mind slipping back to a london of long ago , recalling rough - hewn streets redolent with the scent of horses and unwashed humans .
with that , however , was a faint scent of something else .
the gin arrived , and luis and jamie became totally consumed with conducting ` ` scientific '' examinations on it , involving scent and surface tension .
i 'd seen him do that to magic before , as if he would trace it back to its owner like a hound on a scent .
then the scent of herbs followed .
i would have questioned whether i 'd taken a wrong turn or followed the wrong scent , but the sense of urgency and rightness was too clear .
they 'll be like bloodhounds picking up a scent , understand ? ''
the scent of her arousal drove him mad .
her scent was strong here .
by hell 's fire , her scent was strong here .
follow the scent of eggs and sausage . ''
now is that a false scent ? ''
he ignored the scents that had come into the room with him , dismissed the scents that he could safely ignore , honed in on the smell of the thing he had come to find .
he ignored the scents that had come into the room with him , dismissed the scents that he could safely ignore , honed in on the smell of the thing he had come to find .
he had the scent of the boy in his nostrils , a prickle at the nape of his neck .
he could not find the boy by scent .
at the top of the hill the man jack lost the girl 's scent .
her scent was strong now .
not a trace of him remained , but for the sweaty tang of his scent .
for now , he was content to allow her this one breach , this one slip of decorum.in every life , she earned it.standing to his full height , the ancient aegis disappeared , leaving only the scent of incense behind .
eyes of yellow and green like cats that could pierce all glooms and see through mist or fog or night ; snakes that could go everywhither and search all crannies or the deepest pits or the highest peaks , listen to every whisper that ran in the grass or echoed in the hills ; wolves there were and ravening dogs and great weasels full of the thirst of blood whose nostrils could take scent moons old through running water , or whose eyes find among shingle footsteps that had passed a lifetime since ; owls came and falcons whose keen glance might descry by day or night the fluttering of small birds in all the woods of the world , and the movement of every mouse or vole or rat that crept or dwelt throughout the earth .
when she could , she spoke to him , risked sending her spirit to him to bring back his scent , his voice , his touch - and to leave hers with him .
he brought the fog , but came as a man , drawn to her scent , to the shimmer of her skin .
she caught his scent , the hint of sulphur .
she befuddled him , that 's all it was , all that warm and bright there in the dim , closed in by the familiar scent of horses .
this cream here , it 'll make the skin smooth and fragrant , and it can lift the ego of the one wearing it , as well as draw a response from the one catching its scent .
she felt its skin against her palm and , lifting it , caught its scent .
i gave him your scent , '' he told iona .
i followed one scent but heard two voices .
rubbing her eyes she caught the werewolf 's scent again and sat up .
she did have the scent .
it was the scent every shifter lives for , but few ever find .
the scent was their reason for being , the acknowledgement from the beyond that yes , there is happiness for you .
while she had the scent his mind and body registered as his , the fated mate was to be one of his kind .
shifting back to his human form , he inhaled deeply when he realized her scent was stronger tonight than it had been last time they met .
not only did this woman have the scent of his mate , but she was n't afraid to speak back to him .
it did n't make sense , but she definitely had a stronger scent too .
your scent stems from there .
` ` i caught your scent earlier in the woods , it 's too good to pass by and its getting stronger , '' he said as he stepped forward , forgetting his modesty .
he 's going to follow your scent .
` ` your scent grows stronger the more you 're with him .
your scent grows stronger each time i see you .
every time i see you , your scent grows stronger .
and your scent ... '' he shook his head as he thought about the deliciousness of it , ` ` its the most amazing thing . ''
` ` it was your scent .
you had the scent of a wolf , but it was clear you were n't .
the next time we met i thought you might be a half breed , but you did n't have that scent either , '' he said as he shook his head , still confused .
and they do n't have as strong of a scent as you do .
i followed your scent out of my territory into the neutral zone , which is where you live . ''
your scent continues to grow stronger and they 'll follow your scent just like i did . ''
your scent continues to grow stronger and they 'll follow your scent just like i did . ''
a lot of what we do is based on scent .
shifters refer to soulmates as our fated mate and we find them by their scent .
no one else will have that special scent and it pulls at every cell in our body once we find that person .
` ` her scent is growing stronger .
if her scent is growing stronger because of our interaction , then perhaps i need to stay away .
once that happens her scent will be strong enough for abel to track her . ''
her scent and her shifting were increasing and it was only a matter of time before her transformation was complete .
your scent is growing stronger .
changing her scent to enter the forest was the best protection she could think of .
used correctly , the scent potion only lasted a day .
especially one whose werewolf scent was growing stronger .
taking a sniff , she was surprised it did n't have a scent .
the last time she saw her she said it was the source of her scent .
i do n't know what 's going on but your scent is changing quickly . ''
i ca n't find you if i ca n't smell your scent . ''
he could n't help her if he could n't find her scent , but if she had her scent she was in even greater danger .
he could n't help her if he could n't find her scent , but if she had her scent she was in even greater danger .
the hair did n't have her scent , but he 'd recognize it anywhere .
what happened to her scent ?
he 'd have to head out to the clearing , where the girl said hannah rescued them and see if he could find a traceable scent .
he tried to find hannah 's scent , or even that of the other shifters , but they were masked by the strong the salt air .
hannah 's scent suddenly came over caleb .
cassie slammed her locker shut and inhaled , but all she could smell was the same school hallway scent of sweat , paper , and ammonia .
and the sugary scent of burning marshmal ow was n't helping .
` ` the scent would be days old , '' he said , shaking his head .
if we had something that belonged to this dennis ... something that carried his scent ... '' ` ` what about the rest of your team ? ''
they 'll hunt what they need , but they wo n't range far enough to lose the scent of my bedroll , not with the storm coming .
he did n't believe any scent could last that long .
but there was something in the house which would bear dennis 's scent , and perhaps even a fool 's errand would be better than only sitting here .
` ` do we have something with his scent strong upon it ? ''
98 although most humans do n't know it , scents are like colors to dogs .
some dogs have weak noses , and they read scents the way humans with poor eyes see colors , believing this delicate blue may actually be a gray , or that dark brown may actually be a black .
frisky 's nose , on the other hand , was like the eyesight of a man with the gaze of a hawk , and the scent in the attic where dennis had slept was very strong and very clear ( it may have helped that dennis had been some days without a bath ) .
she scented arlen upon it , but disregarded the scent ; it was weaker , and not at all the scent she had found on the hay .
she scented arlen upon it , but disregarded the scent ; it was weaker , and not at all the scent she had found on the hay .
frisky , her nose full of that bright - blue scent , barked eagerly .
the humans were tired , and frisky was tired as well , but she was eager to go - the scent had grown steadily fresher .
in that empty inner baronies farmstead , the bright - blue scent she had followed this far had been everywhere - she had barked excitedly , running from room to room , nose down , tail wagging cheerfully .
when the meal was finished , naomi knelt by frisky and quietly told her that she must take up the scent again .
to frisky , dennis 's scent was a blue mark in the night , as bright as a wire glowing with an electric charge .
` ` it 's just that she 's found a whole tangle of scents in the road and she has to sort them out . ''
frisky had isolated that bright - blue thread of scent again , and was in a fever to be off .
` ` i just hope she 's found the right scent . ''
dennis had made the trip in better time , but dennis had set out after four days of rest , dennis had had snowshoes , and dennis had not been following a dog who sometimes lost the scent and had to cast about for it again .
so they raced , with frisky chasing along the scent ahead of them , and he beat her , and that made her madder than ever ... but she admired him , too .
at the sound of her name , frisky got up , ranged along the scent for a few feet , and looked back at them .
` ` if she could talk , she 'd tell you she 's afraid of losing the scent .
105 in spite of frisky 's growing restlessness at being checked on the scent , ben made them wait fifteen minutes .
the bright - blue runner of scent was dimming , being covered by the white no smell stuff from the sky .
the scent was still here , and she wanted to follow it before it disappeared completely , as it now would within minutes .
she was now actually digging for the scent , her nose furrowing the snow .
her ears were sharp enough , and she had heard the ice groaning beneath the new snow ... but the scent was too much on her mind for her to take much notice of the faint creaks ... until the ice gave way beneath her and she plunged into the moat with a splash .
she raised her head , smelling , searching for the scent ... and when she knew where it went , she turned and paddled back toward ben and naomi .
although the ice was already freezing to her pelt in dirty spicules , the scent was what interested her .
dennis 's scent had still been there , now mostly in splashes and blobs on the curved walls ( these were the places dennis had touched with his hands ; the floor of the pipes was covered with a foul warm water that had washed away all scent ) .
the other scent was a dull leathery green - frisky was afraid of it .
she knew that some scents could kill , and she knew that , not so long ago , this had been just such a scent .
she knew that some scents could kill , and she knew that , not so long ago , this had been just such a scent .
but it was losing its potency now , and in any case , dennis 's scent led away from the greater concentrations of it .
something was coming , something with a black scent like the poison fumes that sometimes killed the coal miners of the eastern barony when their tunnels went too deep .
frisky would fight the owner of that scent if she had to ; fight and even die .
but if she could have spoken , frisky would have told them that the black scent approaching them from behind did not belong to a man ; it was a monster chasing them , some horrible it .
huan it was that found luthien flying like a shadow surprised by the daylight under the trees , when celegorm and curufin rested a while near to the western eaves of doriath ; for nothing could escape the sight and scent of huan , nor could any enchantment stay him , and he slept not , neither by night nor day .
isildur himself escaped by means of the ring , for when he wore it he was invisible to all eyes ; but the orcs hunted him by scent and slot , until he came to the river and plunged in .
one whiff of their putrid scent made cassie gag .
then whose nose did i just drop a scent bomb in front of ? '
' what kind of a scent bomb ? '
` ` and they use their tongues for scent also , which must be contributing to the difficulties . ''
his scent is everywhere .
all they 'd have to do is follow his scent , '' said gregor .
the rats picked up on their presence , though , smelling them , even recognizing gregor 's scent because they were screaming his name , calling for his death .
bleeding to death in the maze but not fast enough , not soon enough to escape falling into the hands of the rats who hated her for being a scent seer and then hated her even more for helping gregor .
ordinarily gregor would have been more concerned with them catching his scent .
` ` the ash carries no scent . ''
` ` but ... your clothes carry much scent .
` ` she is a scent seer ? ''
your scent is repulsive to her , '' said ripred .
the rats chased her out because she 's a scent seer and she 's been living all alone in the dead land , '' said gregor .
a human whose scent made her ill ?
you put out a scent .
you ca n't help being one any more than i can help being a scent seer .
but i do n't have a name for their scent . ''
their scent was getting fainter .
` ` ragers put out a very specific scent when they fight , '' said twitchtip .
i smelled it the first time i met the overlander , but later wondered if i 'd confused it with ripred 's scent .
but eventually one will get your scent , and then the fight begins . ''
` ` it does n't matter - i ' m at the end of my scent map , anyway .
` ` it is our scent , overlander , '' said ares .
` ` i ' m just trying to spread our scent around . ''
ripred had taken them through it with the idea of concealing their scent from the rats , and they had certainly reeked of rotten eggs when they came out .
that particular afternoon he went up to the library , where miss healstether found him a book on scent .
ah , another scent was riding the gentle updraught .
not an uncommon scent , these days .
this breeze carried with it only the scents of blood and death .
his scent was of well - oiled armor .
the shaido had left him two things : a scent of blood on the air and a hundred thousand refugees to care for .
she had the scent of it about her : self - confidence , an ease giving commands .
though the floor beyond was free of dust , the corridor was thick with the musty scent of uncirculated air .
the air was pungent with the scent of cows and dung from the barns ; he would be glad to get back to a proper city .
his clothing seemed likely to carry the scent of cattle for the rest of his days - assuming the rebel army did n't discover and slaughter them all in the next few weeks .
the drops that fell from her face were stained with black soot ; through the cloth she could smell the dull , crusty scent of ash that had been burned over and over and over again .
how could they miss that scent of blood ?
judging by the scent of sweat and the stink of horse she gave off , she had come straight to tuon upon arriving in the city .
the scent of burning leather was shockingly similar to that of burning human flesh .
you know , something about how he has one eye that stares in strange directions , and how he often carries this scent about him which reminds one of a goat pen . ''
they entered the second floor , pushing open the door to the acrid scent of burned flesh .
nynaeve caught a whiff of a stench that , up until that moment , had been covered by the scent of rotting fish .
rand reined in tai'daishar , unprepared for the memories those scents would carry with them .
it was not a scent egwene recognized .
or was that just the scent of a dying world , spread before him ?
perrin worked , enjoying the deep , burning heat of the forge , the feel of the sweat trailing down his arms , the scent of the fire .
nothingness , the scent of rotting meat , wolves howling in agony .
that scent hung above his enormous force of troops and refugees as they tramped across the muddy ground .
the force kicked up mud as it marched ; most of the refugees ' trousers and skirts were covered with it , and the air was thick with its sticky scent .
though ravens had gotten the eyes , perrin had smelled masema 's scent through the rot .
faile 's scent spiked with anger when he said that , and she turned sharply toward berelain .
perrin asked , trying to ignore the sharp scent of rotting meat .
above the scent of the weather and that of the dry field , he could smell hopper 's patience .
at that moment , however , he caught scent of a stag .
he tore off down the game trail after the scent .
they ran with him , their scents pleased as they let him take the lead .
the stag 's scent grew more alarmed .
he relied on the powers of scent he 'd been given , reaching out to wolves when he needed them - but otherwise he 'd ignored them .
perrin wiped his hands , crossing the rug of his tent and taking in the ham 's scent .
that scent ...
the scent of burned flesh rose in the air , and the gholam scrambled back .
he hated the scent of that trampled , stagnant mud mixed with rotting dead plants .
last night , he had needed to prod sleeping berin thane awake with his boot , and he was always careful to watch for the scent of strong drink among them .
the scent of burned flesh in the air , the earth ripped apart and broken .
perrin got a whiff of his scent .
he caught scents of anger and disgust , but it did n't feel like a trap to him .
they had a wild scent to them , like that of a rabid animal .
the breeze brought an amalgamation of scents : fat seared by flames , potatoes boiling , peppered sauces spiced with garlic , the wet , sticky scent of potato peelings being carried to the small herd of hogs they 'd managed to bring out of malden .
he caught a scent of annoyance from her .
oddly , her scent was not offended .
hopper 's scent was full of emotion and confusion .
he sensed determination from hopper - a scent that was oddly similar to the way tam smelled when training the refugees to fight .
their scents said they were angry , but their words sounded companionable .
that gave balwer a panicked scent .
she fell to the ground , kicking , the hallway growing pungent with the scent of burned flesh .
perrin could feel them sending to one another , distant whispers of images and scent .
it is a scent , he finally replied , though ` ` scent '' was much more complex than that .
it is a scent , he finally replied , though ` ` scent '' was much more complex than that .
it seemed each place had its own specific scent .
slayer was a thick - armed man , and his scent was faintly inhuman , like a man mixed with stone .
the scents were there !
hopper appeared beside him , panting , his scent angry .
with his loamy , natural earthen scent he smelled like a wolf .
he caught a scent of worry .
his scent was wary .
he now could easily catch the scent of where hopper had gone .
the scent of a man who was stale .
he caught tam 's scent , and turned to meet the sturdy man as he arrived .
young bull did n't break pace , charging through that spot and catching the scent of hopper 's destination .
in the fog , he could n't see , could n't catch hopper 's scent .
perrin caught his scent and followed to the jehannah road .
he caught the scent of hopper 's destination in midjump , then took himself there , still in motion .
hopper vanished , and perrin caught an unexpected scent : refuse and mud , burning wood and coal .
there was a scent of terror and death about the wolf .
the scent of campfire smoke rising from her clothing and from his .
perrin wished he could catch the man 's scent .
he caught faile 's scent .
the scent of him was strong , stronger than any other in the pavilion .
perrin caught his scent ; it was curious .
i- '' a horse 's hooves thumped the ground , and the wind brought him faile 's scent as he turned to face her .
faile nodded , but her scent became hesitant .
the scents were fleeting .
he masked his scent , though slayer was not a wolf .
the wolf 's scent was masked , but he was coming to know wolves well enough to read concern in hopper 's stare and the way he stood with forelegs bent just a fraction .
that scent was of the same place that perrin was .
slayer 's scent had been this place again .
there were scents of places all around .
his trousers and coat were wet with blood , and the scent of his own terror was powerful in his nose .
a group of people waited nearby , far enough away from him that he had n't made out their scents specifically .
her scent was faintly angry , though she smothered it .
the tree was downwind , and he could n't catch the scent of- a hand suddenly jutted out from behind the trunk , holding a brown sack .
` ` you fix it , '' mat said , ` ` by taking them through the slaughterhouse a few times when it is clean , when the scents are n't so strong .
it seemed that the stink from before was stronger , the scent of beasts .
those scents would vanish .
the scent turned stale and wrong .
the wrong scents returned .
one final image of a wolf leaping proudly into the darkness , coat shining , scent determined .
he caught the faintest scent of the wolf 's destination , and then went there .
the image of young bull the wolf and perrin the man standing beside one another , atop a hill , their scents the same .
the stirring wind carried the scent of campfires from perrin 's nearby camp and the sounds of smiths working on weapons .
the scent of grain had changed to a rancid stench .
perrin hated a racket , and the people 's scents were n't any better .
he caught the scent of her satisfaction despite all of the people in the pavilion .
perrin caught another scent , and smiled as thom merrilin slipped into the tent behind her .
perrin could n't catch nynaeve 's scent right then .
from any other aiel , he 'd expect that sharp scent to be followed by a pulled - up veil and a raised spear .
the pungent scent of burned flesh soon swirled in the storm , joining the charred stalks of grain .
the aiel ducked in , the water removing any scent of their passage .
evening in the braem wood was accompanied by the scent of fires smoldering in their pits and the sounds of men groaning softly as they settled into uneasy sleep , swords ready at hand .
the fetor took perrin aback , and it was minutes before he could sort out normal scents from the stench .
he did n't recognize the face , but he did know her scent .
with a start , perrin realized that this time she 'd also been masking her scent .
his image and scent had been passed among many wolves , much as had perrin 's own .
she moved past fallen tents , the scent of smoldering fires still lingering in the air , and crossed a path that she had taken most evenings while collecting troop reports .
the rank scent of it made them hungry .
her scent vanished sharply in the middle of the valley below .
perrin shifted to gaul , grabbing the man by the arm , then shifted back to where slayer had been and caught the scent of his location .
he caught the sharp scent of slayer 's surprise .
he sniffed at the air , turning about , trying to catch the scent of slayer 's location .
it was a scent that brought him back to it .
he 'd stopped being bothered by the scent of smoke .
the scent of burnt flesh was pungent in the air , alongside burnt hair .
he knew this wolf , he was certain of it - the scent was familiar , but he could not place a name to him , and the wolf did not send one .
scent after scent assailed perrin , with no logic behind them .
scent after scent assailed perrin , with no logic behind them .
` ` the screams will draw further horrors , as will the scent of spilled blood .
the scent of something pungent burned in the air , and the blasts were so deafening , he could n't hear his own bloody cursing .
perhaps they had been drawn by the scent of burning flesh .
it would mask his scent , and the twisting blackness his blurred form .
pevara had been ignoring the stench - she had learned to do that years ago , snuffing out powerful scents in the same way she ignored heat and cold .
so much violence , the scents of blood , of rotting flesh all around him .
the air smelled of fire , burned flesh and something else - a distinctive , clean odor she had come to recognize as the scent of a lightning strike .
the remainder received a more merciful end , shot with arrows , spears and crossbow bolts as they slogged through the mire toward the sweet scent of freedom .
he tensed until he picked out the scent .
perrin shifted to the wolf dream and found gaul by tracing the scent of blood .
and now here he was , wandering around in a seedy neighborhood in philly , the scent of a woman all over him , rubbed into his clothes , on his hands .
for a brief instant he caught a whiff of a strange scent , an animal scent , almost wolfish but off somehow .
for a brief instant he caught a whiff of a strange scent , an animal scent , almost wolfish but off somehow .
and finally , the scent of her core , her being , her sexuality .
it had changed , grown stronger , not just her scent alone now , but mingled with his .
it would have been easy to follow her scent , no matter how far she 'd gone .
he inched his way into the dark alley , slinking beneath the yellow crime scene tape , already fluttering in places in tatters on the ground , nose twitching , picking through the scents .
jax could smell his own scent , his human scent , on the dumpster and where he 'd stood over nikki .
jax could smell his own scent , his human scent , on the dumpster and where he 'd stood over nikki .
the scent of death was thick here , clinging to the dumpster , and across the alley , rising around them .
there was another scent here , something oddly out of place , strangely familiar , but with a undercurrent of danger .
jax stayed a moment longer , his heart racing , trying to understand what was happening , why this particular scent was so familiar , yet so alarming .
the scent from last night , the strange scent that had been on nikki .
the scent from last night , the strange scent that had been on nikki .
and with its movement came a rush of its scent , the same scent that blanketed the alley , but stronger , more pungent .
and with its movement came a rush of its scent , the same scent that blanketed the alley , but stronger , more pungent .
whatever it was had camouflaged itself with the overwhelming confusion of smells , scents from the murders , from the crush of people who had been in the alley .
and with its own scent .
the scent , for one thing . ''
` ` jax , was the scent familiar to you ? ''
finally he 'd found her scent and he 'd crouched outside the bedroom window , watching her sleep as sunrise grew closer .
her scent was so heavy here , mingled with dozens of other pungent scents , it was difficult to know exactly where she was .
her scent , her body , her very being called out to him .
` ` scent is one of the most primitive senses .
even though it was n't exactly a fresh scent , the hackles still rose on the back of his neck , the hairs on his arms bristling .
nothing else had been disturbed and the scent was fading , nothing fresh .
the scent is n't fresh , but it 's so unmistakable we should be able to find where it 's gone . ''
` ` the wolf scent is all over him .
i could smell his scent from a mile away .
` ` his scent ?
` ` they can hunt in small groups , in pursuit of predefined targets - like hounds , they can be given a person 's scent .
i ' ve no idea how large the opening on the other side of the hole is - it was n't on any of the maps - but if it 's large enough to permit entry , or if it can be enlarged , and the werewolves catch our scent , they 'll be able to burrow through . ''
they have your scent and a few of the smarter creatures are already searching for another way in .
they have the scent of humans in their nostrils .
i roar , darting ahead of the others , shouldering a door aside , rushing down a corridor , homing in on the scent of juni swan .
i march ahead without looking back , smiling savagely as the scent of the traitor 's blood reaches my nostrils .
the scents of the room were of the parchment , the papyrus , and the burning oil .
but no scent of a mountain lion .
don , t mountain lions have a scent ?
a hideous scent rose from the man , if indeed it was a scent .
a hideous scent rose from the man , if indeed it was a scent .
it was as if the man , s intent was a scent , and it maddened reuben .
that scent overpowered him , drove him on .
the scent of the man and the scent of what the man was filled the space around him .
the scent of the man and the scent of what the man was filled the space around him .
he was remembering things - the scent of the alleyway , garbage , urine ; the scent of the woman , a tender perfume suffused with an acid smell , almost citruslike - the smell of fear ?
he was remembering things - the scent of the alleyway , garbage , urine ; the scent of the woman , a tender perfume suffused with an acid smell , almost citruslike - the smell of fear ?
dogs know the scent of fear , don , t they ?
well , he knew the scent of helplessness , and the scent of rage .
well , he knew the scent of helplessness , and the scent of rage .
the beast knew the scent of innocence as well as evil .
at the same time there was a scent in the room that was distinctly familiar and connected to something out of the ordinary , but what ?
the scent of the woman , of course .
and he could detect billie , s scent , too .
in fact , he was picking up all kinds of scents .
he was even picking up the scents from the nearby bathrooms , and they weren , t particularly unpleasant !
i , m going to pick up scents like a wolf , and sounds , too , no doubt .
would he pick up the scent of the one he , d bitten and left alive ?
the scent of the kerosene mingled with the scent of evil , the stench of evil , as the torchbearer splashed the fluid on his torch and it burst into flame .
the scent of the kerosene mingled with the scent of evil , the stench of evil , as the torchbearer splashed the fluid on his torch and it burst into flame .
the scent of dusty cloth and whiskey filled the little enclosure .
the scent of raw earth surrounded them , of wet and glistening green things , of tiny animals burrowing in the dark .
` ` because i would have smelled it if it had been a mountain lion , '' he confessed , ` ` and the scent would have been on the dead men and on me . ''
it was the scent - the scent of evil that had been so unmistakable in the nights before .
it was the scent - the scent of evil that had been so unmistakable in the nights before .
the scent was in the wind and the scent was strong .
the scent was in the wind and the scent was strong .
the body ; reuben caught the scent of it ; they had it in the car with them .
reuben brought the car up closer , caught the scent so thick he could scarce breathe .
everywhere the scent of other animals tantalized him .
he caught the scent of an animal - bobcat - fleeing before him , flushed from its lair , and after that scent he went with unstoppable hunger until he reached out , and caught the furry snarling creature in his claws , and drove his fangs into its throat .
he caught the scent of an animal - bobcat - fleeing before him , flushed from its lair , and after that scent he went with unstoppable hunger until he reached out , and caught the furry snarling creature in his claws , and drove his fangs into its throat .
he , d caught a strong scent - an unexpected scent .
he , d caught a strong scent - an unexpected scent .
this human scent was clean , innocent - fearless .
it , s a matter of scent and hearing . ''
` ` since when does evil have a scent ? ''
` ` aggression , hostility , rage - maybe they all have scents , scents that human beings can , t ordinarily measure .
` ` aggression , hostility , rage - maybe they all have scents , scents that human beings can , t ordinarily measure .
the smell of liquor was overpowering and so was the scent of seething , convicting anger .
he moved quickly down the small narrow hallway of the house , tracking the scent of children , the sweetest loveliest scent - his feet silent on the hardwood floor .
i would pick up their scent . ''
they weren , t there when the killer tore at his victim ; they didn , t smell the scent of evil ; they didn , t hear the cries to heaven for something , someone , to intervene .
he knew the scent would come .
but central to all scents was the scent of her , and it went right into his brain .
but central to all scents was the scent of her , and it went right into his brain .
swiftly , he entered the living whispering forest , running on all fours at such speed he scarce saw anything around him , the scent of the cats pulling him like a vibrant cord .
as he drew near the sleeping cat , he moved upwards into the lower branches of the trees , easily traveling as fast as he had on all fours , gaining on the lair of the cat , as the cat , catching his scent perhaps , woke and rattled the undergrowth around it , alerting the cubs whose low growls and hisses he could hear .
he saw this , saw it as if the scent carried the modus operandi .
did it know by his scent what he was ?
it wasn , t the scent of evil that guided him because there was no discernible scent .
it wasn , t the scent of evil that guided him because there was no discernible scent .
what was a voice so menacing without a scent ?
he stood a couple of feet from the man now , peering down at him , confounded by the utter absence of scent .
oh , there was a human scent that came from him , yes , but no scent of hostility or evil intent .
oh , there was a human scent that came from him , yes , but no scent of hostility or evil intent .
` ` i heard the voices ; the voices called me ; i caught the scent of evil and i tracked it .
decomposition , human scent , animal scent - a mixture , subtle , very subtle , so subtle .
decomposition , human scent , animal scent - a mixture , subtle , very subtle , so subtle .
he had caught no scent from the man wolf who had come to kill them !
no scent at all , no scent of animal or man , no scent of evil .
no scent at all , no scent of animal or man , no scent of evil .
no scent at all , no scent of animal or man , no scent of evil .
all through the battle with the creature there had been no scent of evil to intoxicate him , and drive him forward .
and perhaps that meant that the dead morphenkind had not detected any scent of evil from reuben as well , no scent of malice , no scent of the will to destroy .
and perhaps that meant that the dead morphenkind had not detected any scent of evil from reuben as well , no scent of malice , no scent of the will to destroy .
and perhaps that meant that the dead morphenkind had not detected any scent of evil from reuben as well , no scent of malice , no scent of the will to destroy .
and if i can , t detect a scent from them , i will not know if they come here and are close by .
back through the cemetery , he trotted , tracking the scent of those he , d slaughtered .
i heard the voices ; the voices called me ; i caught the scent of evil and i tracked it .
a scent came from the man , a very faint scent that reuben knew only too well .
a scent came from the man , a very faint scent that reuben knew only too well .
the scent was growing stronger as he looked into the man , s strangely opaque eyes , and what if the scent triggered the change ?
the scent was growing stronger as he looked into the man , s strangely opaque eyes , and what if the scent triggered the change ?
the scent even grew a little stronger .
the scent of cruelty suffocated him - evil at its most rank .
sharp scent of blood , of rage , of terror .
the scent of evil was lifting , evaporating , giving way to the scents of humans swarming in the nearby dark , and the scent of death just behind him .
the scent of evil was lifting , evaporating , giving way to the scents of humans swarming in the nearby dark , and the scent of death just behind him .
the scent of evil was lifting , evaporating , giving way to the scents of humans swarming in the nearby dark , and the scent of death just behind him .
the scent of death was still clinging to him , the death of the boy crumpled in the yard , scent of innocent death .
the scent of death was still clinging to him , the death of the boy crumpled in the yard , scent of innocent death .
he walked slowly through the great generous gray - barked oaks , carrying her , stopping here and there so they could kiss , so he could move his left paw under her sweater and feel the hot silky naked flesh there , so moist , so bare , so redolent of citrus and blossoms he couldn , t name and the stark searing scent of her living flesh .
he was picking up the scent of malice clearly , much more clearly than he , d picked it up from dr . jaska , and he remained in the man , s presence as long as he could , though he was being ordered ever more violently to leave , just so he could study the guy .
far to the north where the forest grew as thick as it did on his own land , he caught the scent of the bull elk and longed for it , but didn , t go after it .
then came the scent and the sound of the male , hunting on its own , the family left behind somewhere in a makeshift den of broken branches and leaves .
this was heaven , the soundless rain all around him , the scents of the fallen leaves rising , the boar , s scent intoxicating him , the flesh more than he could possibly consume .
the voices of the populated south rose to meet him , the mingled scents of humankind deepening the spell of the woodland , and at last he knew he was now traveling through the parklands of forested yards of the city , the wolf - mind and the human - mind scanning for stuart , for the sounds of stuart or the scent of stuart , or for whatever voices had called stuart to wherever he , d gone .
the voices of the populated south rose to meet him , the mingled scents of humankind deepening the spell of the woodland , and at last he knew he was now traveling through the parklands of forested yards of the city , the wolf - mind and the human - mind scanning for stuart , for the sounds of stuart or the scent of stuart , or for whatever voices had called stuart to wherever he , d gone .
it was futile to hope that stuart had not been seduced by the scent of evil , as reuben had been seduced by it , or that his newfound strength hadn , t carried him into realms where he might be discovered , even caught .
he caught the scent of terror , the scent of pleading , and desperation , a voice rising over the inevitable tide of petty prayers and garden - variety complaint .
he caught the scent of terror , the scent of pleading , and desperation , a voice rising over the inevitable tide of petty prayers and garden - variety complaint .
reuben for the first time knew the heat of exhaustion in the wolf - coat , and lay back against the trunk of a tree , panting , and thirsting and scanning for the scent of water .
again , he scanned for the scent of water , collected water , and found it in a small natural pool formed some yards away in the hollowed - out roots of a rotting tree .
let me listen now , let me see if i can pick up the scent or the sound of the person who , s coming .
not close , no , but he had caught her scent and her voice .
he caught laura , s scent .
he could smell jaska , and he could pick up the scent of the woman .
the scent of malice rose decisively from the two russians , and jaska , s cold eyes fixed reuben harshly , as if they were beams that could somehow paralyze a victim as he pushed relentlessly closer .
the scent of deep resentment came from her , absolute insolence .
boar , wildcat , bear - he caught the scents , and the hunger rose in him , the imperative to kill , to feast .
on and on they ran , until there came on the wind the scent he , d never truly relished before : the bull elk .
and why would stem cells in our bodies transform us into something that can track the scent of malice and cruelty - it , s the scent of evil , isn , t it - and we , re driven to seek to wipe it out ? ''
and why would stem cells in our bodies transform us into something that can track the scent of malice and cruelty - it , s the scent of evil , isn , t it - and we , re driven to seek to wipe it out ? ''
they knew the enemy by his evil scent .
` ` again , they knew the criminal by his scent , and they , d surround him , dancing themselves into a frenzy until the change was fully upon them and they would devour the guilty man .
indeed , i am not sure what scent they caught from me at that time , and i , ll never know .
` ` but i know what scent i caught from them - a hideous , acrid scent , a scent of malice threatening my very life , when they came down on me like wolves .
` ` but i know what scent i caught from them - a hideous , acrid scent , a scent of malice threatening my very life , when they came down on me like wolves .
` ` but i know what scent i caught from them - a hideous , acrid scent , a scent of malice threatening my very life , when they came down on me like wolves .
the scent of the enemy evoked the change in me as it evoked the change in them .
i longed for the scent of the attacker and they never really did .
i would have sought out the attacker in his own land for the thrill of destroying him , so irresistible to me was that scent , and the thrill of annihilating that supposed evil , that supposed cruelty , that threat .
the elk was not evil , had never been evil , had never carried the scent of evil , no .
` ` and catching the scent of the enemy was part of it and became the trigger mechanism for the change . ''
` ` why is it that no scent alerts us to the presence of one another ? ''
` ` and there is no scent , not even the faintest - not from you , not from reuben , not from sergei when he was the man wolf ! ''
in the struggle with marrok , there had never been the scent of evil or malice .
and when sergei had destroyed the doctors before his very eyes , there had been no scent to the monster .
` ` but we should pick up the pure scent of any morphenkind just as we pick up the scent of humans or animals out there , '' reuben protested .
` ` but we should pick up the pure scent of any morphenkind just as we pick up the scent of humans or animals out there , '' reuben protested .
reuben had picked up no scent from felix in the law offices , or in this house when felix and margon had first appeared .
no , no scent .
` ` but wait , you , re saying the scent of evil for each of us is contextual ? ''
it was thrilling beyond their sharpest dreams - the hollow stripped - down cargo plane landing at the secret airstrip , the black suvs tunneling through the jet - black night , and then the trip over the rooftops when the company spread out like cats in the dark , lured by the scent of the suffering girls and women held captive in a brothel - slave barracks from which they , d soon be smuggled into the united states under threat of torture and death .
i can almost ... pick up the scent .
a shock passed through him as he looked at it , thinking of laura again , and the scent of the deer outside her house .
pain somewhere , like a scent on the wind .
give me the scent !
the scent of the child rose sweet and penetrating .
we can pick up the scent of innocence and suffering .
perhaps a deer had come into these woods , but he could catch no scent of a deer .
the scent rising from the figure was the scent of the outdoors , of leaves , living things , but also of dust , very strongly of dust .
the scent rising from the figure was the scent of the outdoors , of leaves , living things , but also of dust , very strongly of dust .
there was no scent of humans here any more than there had been around the villa .
but the little pack kept moving , towards the scent of the sea .
there were men fleeing who gave no evil scent , only the rank smell of fear flying off them , and the reek of bowels cut loose , and urine gushing .
where was the decisive scent ?
ah , now there was the scent , there was the old stench that galvanized reuben and sent him flying down the staircase .
` ` holy mary mother of god , jesus , joseph , and all the saints , dear god , please , mother of god , god , please , i swear , no , please , please , no ... '' and again , no clear and unequivocal stench of evil , no scent that commanded it , made it clear , made it possible .
he had known it had all been too simple before , the brotherhood of the scent , the brotherhood that acted like the right hand of god , incapable of error .
he had seen margon and sergei slay at will those who did n't give off the fatal scent , those ugly , compromised souls driven by unholy appetites and inveterate weakness .
the scent of evil does not make us what we are , and once we are beasts we can kill like beasts , and we have only the human part of us , the fallible human part , to guide us .
up close , they were perfumed and provocative - no scent but the usual human scent smothered in artificial sweetness .
maybe there was a scent to his own kind , male and female , that his body recognized even when his mind did n't acknowledge it .
does anger have a scent , and what would her scent be if she were n't a morphenkind ?
does anger have a scent , and what would her scent be if she were n't a morphenkind ?
pungent scents caught his nostrils , the deep rich and living scent of the wild boar he 'd hunted all too seldom , and the sweet and seductive fragrance of simmering wine .
fear and desire pumped through him , maddening him infinitely more than the scent of the boar , or the pounding music , or the deafening fiddles and pipes of the forest gentry .
the thick musky scent of the wild boar came at him full force .
there was that scent , stronger now .
a human scent , distinctly human like nothing in this clearing , like nothing that should have been in this clearing or in these woods tonight .
but he could catch no scent of evil from these female morphenkinder .
there came the scent of innocence , the scent of innocent suffering .
there came the scent of innocence , the scent of innocent suffering .
he watched phil prowling the house by scent afterwards , finding even more money hidden in old armoires and in the plaster walls .
he heard a footstep in the shadows behind him , and then he caught the scent of laura , of laura 's hair and laura 's perfume .
the scent of kalla 's breakfast made his stomach scrape his backbone .
he shouted , eyes clamped shut as the scent of burnt pine choked him .
the scents of dead fish and a faint chemical odor warred with the acrid exhaust from the freeway a few blocks over .
and as for volos , you know damned well he 's probably playing the mayor to knock us off his scent . ''
i nodded and brushed past him , trying to ignore the dark , earthy , chypre scent of his cologne .
somewhere inside the fetid slurry was the less disgusting , but no less menacing , scent of ozone that indicated heavy magic use .
took me a couple of years before i could be around the sickly sweet scent of death without my stomach 's revolting .
but the scent of blood was like lighting a match too close to gasoline .
after that , the scent of disinfectant and a wall of cold whiteness surrounded me .
a potion that changes colors when it 's exposed to a person 's personal scent profile .
i ' m calling it k9 for now because it works kind of the way a dog tracks scent in the field . ''
a quick wipe of my hands on my jeans did n't dispel the scent , but it made me feel a little better .
its scent was reminiscent of dirty feet and rotten meat , but it was still a pleasant change from the gray wolf 's horrible odors .
my nostrils flared at the acrid scent of ozone .
despite the bruises and abrasions , he had the scent of a guy who prided himself on not being a snitch .
as he passed , i caught the telltale cucumber - melon scent of his favorite hand sanitizer .
the air vibrated with masculine screams and the scent of violent arousal .
the scent of dirty diapers permeated the air on that end of the hall , which told me i had the right place .
the coppery scent of blood like a slap .
then the overpowering scent of algae and the chemical odor of a portable toilet made my nausea regain steam .
reyes sniffed the air and immediately recognized the scent of the other wolf .
he drew a deep breath and his nostrils filled with the scent of the woman .
alyce 's scent was soon left behind , but shanara 's led him to the small chapel behind the mews .
her scent was strong here , and overlaying it , he detected the scent of a man .
her scent was strong here , and overlaying it , he detected the scent of a man .
a scent he recognized .
chapter 9 lifting his head , reyes sniffed the air , sorting shanara 's scent from the hundreds of others that assailed him - the scent of damp earth and trees and rotting foliage .
chapter 9 lifting his head , reyes sniffed the air , sorting shanara 's scent from the hundreds of others that assailed him - the scent of damp earth and trees and rotting foliage .
he howled as he honed in on shanara 's scent , growled when her spoor led him to a wolf trap .
` ` i followed your scent .
he caught her scent even before he entered the cottage , felt a warmth spread through him that had nothing to do with the heat of the fire radiating from the hearth in the corner and everything to do with her presence .
he did not tell her how tantalizing he had found the scent of her blood or how frightened he had been at the way it called to him .
the scent of smoke and charred flesh filled the air .
her scent , that sweet face , her warm body resting against mine - i loved it all .
the bedroom smells like cough syrup , sweat , and the sharp , animal scent of urine , like an old barn .
for weeks she 'd trail me like a dog on a scent , babbling about this and that , making plans , daring me to knock on billy iversen 's door and give him a kiss or to skinny - dip in the creek .
a waiter with a waxed moustache and a long white apronhe could have walked straight off the set of a von stroheim picturecarried an ornate teapot and four matching cups that francine would have ached to own ; the scent it trailed through the room confirmed kathryns suspicions .
his scent was of grass and of trees .
there was a stop , bruce had the scent ; he went on point his body following his nose like an arrow .
rising out of the snow two hundred yards distant , they looked like giant stone ogres of old sniffing the air for any human scent .
sniffing along the road for a clear scent they could follow , they found none .
a mile without a scent would stop any dog , julia had figured .
perhaps galileo initiated the poem that way in order to throw viviani off the scent .
his scent , already familiar to her , was as comforting as it was disquieting .
her very scent stirred him , and though he dare not initiate an advance , neither would he disregard her slightest overture .
a thoroughly daunting scent , perilous and soothing at one and the same timetobacco , leather , and spearmintcalled to her like the dashing blade her imagination conjured late at night when she held no control over her mind and allowed , for a blink , that a good man might exist somewhere in this sorry world .
i find that the scent of them is giving me a headache . ''
looking at them and the pile of letters whose scent remained on her palm juliet felt a restless , twisting pang of something she would ' ve identified as jealousy had there been any reason to feel such a thing .
she wiped her palm on her skirts , unconsciously trying to rid it of another woman 's scent .
moments later they were in the mews , surrounded by cold stone walls and the scent of hay and horses .
steam , and the strong scent of horse , rose from crusader 's wet hide as the big hunter moved easily beneath him .
however the dogs must have picked up a scent , and they suddenly moved to the far side of the valley and into the tree covered hills .
suddenly the dogs picked up the scent of the dead hares and raced off into the glen followed by their handlers .
zeus would have been able to smell the dried blood on the old mans spear not only that , but zeus would have even recognized the scent of the metal itself .
through the foulness of the sour apple orchard , zeus thought he could smell a new scent .
he did nt know it , but this new scent was that of skeletons , scrubbed clean by the things that squirm and crawl .
` ` my canine is famous as a hunter and distinguished for keen scent .
the man stumped forward to peer into colonel prices face , and the colonel , catching the mans scent , stepped back with alacrity .
the colonels cry was like a bloodhound , baying on the scent of game , and , brandishing his pistol , he charged forward towards the alleyway leading behind the inn while his soldiers , moving in a body , followed close on his heels .
as if it were nt bad enough that shed lost the costume earrings shed been planning to wear , dropped the glass bottle of perfume shed appropriated from carlotta ( she was practically gagging from the power of the scent , and shed already cut her foot in two places ) , and her hair was an absolute disaster , she could nt find a costume that was half - decent , in her size , and that she had nt worn on an evening with raoul already .
when no deer or boar appeared , he d decided the animal had caught his scent and left the area .
now he caught a new scent , the harsh smell he remembered from the box the governor had offered .
only the presence of her scent .
his scent was sharp , and male .
could it be even creatures of the field are the same ; does the lowly hare feel life more exquisitely when , hounds baying on its scent , it hovers quivering in the grass ?
amgalant , what s written and what is nt written yet , i dedicate to her , with waves from tem and jam , and no sight or scent of a goat .
here , go with my scent .
yesugeis rival conjured her up by scent , even now .
they d say i m on the scent .
as i say , you have a name in hirai , and if you lend me support i wo nt exude the scent of a strongarms come to wrestle my throne from my uncle , but of a defendant with a strong case in justice .
one night he woke at a rank scent of wolf , saw the eyes yards away and jerked his elbow back .
but he ca nt deny he has lost , when his nostrils twitch in disgust at bagtors scent .
but he had the scent of blood in his nostrils himself , new to him and not what he imagined .
i ' m sure that will put him off the scent . ''
the scent of her came to him , despite the stronger odor of the stables that surrounded them .
suddenly she caught the scent of him , the same scent he had worn five years ago .
she caught the scent of the eucalyptus tree beside her .
the dog was immediately onto something else , continuing to sniff around the living room and then followed another strange scent down the stairs .
but now that semple is dead , and the scent of blood is in the air , i warrant anything can happen .
left in the cold and the dark , in a foreign land , with who knew what on their scent .
the fresher scent of things alive , of moss , of berries .
he recognized the scent .
yes , she s got quite a scent she has , must have smelled it from half a mile off , took off as if after game she did , even though i called her back , would nt listen , would you , lucy , and reached down to pet her .
and there she was , close to the boy , sniffing him gently , curiously like , as if to make sure that she had reached the source of the scent .
i smell its scent , but i ca nt do anything against that .
without pause , passion 's gravity forlorn , he journeys down the spice of face , lingering in scent of breast , licks across the sweat of belly and the pit of coupling .
the sacred dog lifted its leg and pissed , set its ownership scent on the irish roman catholic church in this neighborhood .
then scented on the italian roman catholic church just blocks away , and still a third scent on the polish roman catholic church up towards the city line .
her body jerks backwards , her eyes slowly twitch and flutter making her look stoned , and he runs on that scent .
as her full texan scent departs his area , only then does jared realize that he is , once again , alone .
she must give her mom some space but she s also aroused , sensing that they ve picked up a keen scent .
i could smell your scent on the paper , even that you had a cigar at some time during the writing of it .
even the stinking , icky substances did n't completely cover his own scent .
she did n't want to miss his scent one day .
i can detect , solely by scent , which rose flower grows on which bush .
perfume of the blue lotus alights upon us like mist drops of our love - making dapple sycamores outdoors theormi caught khufus scent of burning hemp .
following the scent to where desert sands began to encroach , he saw campfire smoke .
the herbs acrid scent distracted him from his news .
cheetahs , hyenas and jackals in the surrounding wild might have caught her scent and come for her .
we rode through the woods for several hours before one of the hounds picked up scent of the boar and started barking .
they followed the scent of fresh blood and butchered flesh to its source , sniffed , and began gnawing at the open wounds that curled around his back and ribs .
they followed the scent which became stronger .
now you ve greeted her , and shell remember your scent .
the dogs had picked up the scent and had scurried down the bank , barking as they went .
he had long wiry hair with an overgrown mustache and beard , and carried a scent that caused the dogs to bark , even though they were fenced in with the goats .
this meant any animals ahead of him would smell the scent of the other hunters .
now our scent will be carried to our prey .
it flicked out its wet tongue , as if tasting philip 's scent .
lied ben , confident that such a line would put his mother off the scent and set her forth on a maternal lecture .
i put him off the scent by settling in to my studies , so that when i started going for a weekly horse ride , he was not so suspicious .
the scent of the hunt filled his nostrils , but this quarry he knew instinctively would not easily be run to earth .
he made his shot and tried to comprehend whether she had suddenly grown missish at being alone with him until the scent of lavender struck his nostrils , reminding him too late that he carried judiths scent on his person .
as they went he thought that he caught the scent of food cooking somewhere .
he was standing on the front steps of the chow hall enjoying the sharp scent of the sea .
smoke from incense filled the room , but even the spicy smell could not mask the scent of death that hung in the air .
richard could smell the scent of anne , so familiar to him .
the scent of carbolic stung her eyes .
men did nt have a scent .
his scent invaded her lungs .
the scent of unwashed bodies hit her at the threshold .
once he d gotten her scent , tessa stroked the pretty white blaze , enjoying the soft hair and velvety skin of busters muzzle .
when they were within about 30 yards of the trees , the scent began to invade ridge 's nostrils .
a scent the men had encountered before , but never a stench with such a pungent , sickening odor .
he would merely pull his leg out and continue on the scent .
he can smell the scent of the trail buried nearly two feet underneath the snow and the two or three inches that fell last night .
as sam talks to luke , they can hear kentuck following the scent of the bear .
and if they can set me on her scent , hideki and ill go searching for her .
i wondered who was picking up the scent .
he stepped out of the elevator , smelled the air , and caught her scent .
for a time it appeared as if whoever it was might move on past without ever realizing they were there , but then anson 's horse caught the scent of the other horse and whinnied a greeting .
but when the wind shifted and the dogs nose caught a trace of rods scent it stopped its aggressive posturing .
and perhaps also he 'd taken the other bait she 'd hidden in reserve , the scent of her bed , the unaccustomed proximity of her body .
most would n't have had tanaquil 's patience ; but she 'd realised quickly that the ugly bitch was smart , one of the best she 'd ever known on a scent , if only she could restrain that puppyish energy .
the place stank , a mixture of woodsmoke , cooking smells and shit ; but as their path climbed , they left it behind , for the scent of pine and gorse and bracken and the heath herbs , and tanaquil could let the little bitch run free again .
he caught the scent of musk and citrus , heavy and acid at the same time ; tanaquil , on silent feet .
she smelled the acrid scent of smoke and located the tiny glowing ember of a cigar about a foot away from her .
i inched closer to carmella , hoping to catch a faint scent of her sweetness .
caradas lifted his nose to the breeze as it rushed coolly over his face and searched for her scent .
then tracking her scent , he slowly pursued his quarry .
parsifal was all heart and it merely took a few jars of good ale before the intoxicating scent of dark corners and the sweat of unrestrained desire weakened a youths purpose .
though she felt she had no reason to fear him , she knew that he was somehow linked to the man from the other night and again this was based on his scent .
he smelt no fear , perhaps a little confusion , but then another scent hit him .
he could nt focus , the foreign scent filled him with a terrible dread and with it he smelt danger .
the hairs on the back of his neck bristled ; the scent enveloped her and at the same time came from within her .
his initial reaction to her had dampened his senses , so he had missed the damning scent of her attacker .
her story and the scent that now possessed her confirmed it , but he still felt the need to see the bite .
he would himself have been willing to disbelieve it , if it were not for the devils cursed scent upon the innocent he had attacked .
there can be no mistaking his scent .
he had no doubt ; the whoresons scent was engrained into his memory .
he breathed deeply and tried to search for the scent of it .
galeren said , softly patting his stallions neck but caught the scent of something and looked ahead down the track .
it was the second time he had missed the importance of a scent in the presence of catherine .
she smelt fear and pain mixed within the pungent scent of freshly spilt blood and death .
imagine the most monstrous thing you can , de floyran said dramatically , it lurks in shadows and waits for the scent of blood .
galeren had an acute instinct and sharp senses , if he d smelt de floyrans scent then the man was surely alive .
his scent will be upon her like a deed of ownership and galeren suffers that .
there is a trace of a scent , it lingers and sometimes you can pick it up .
i am marked by his scent , you ca nt escape it .
he took in the scent of the room , filtering out all the smells he knew well in order to concentrate on that of the invaders .
de molay finally concentrated on de nogaret , hoping to sense some fear , there might have been some but he was instead overwhelmed with the scent of the mans malevolence laced with a jealous reason .
he could smell his scent upon her skin and knew that he was bonded to her .
he took in the scent of her and said , you and galeren ?
he could smell the scent of his son on her .
galeren could not control his emotion , for he knew there would be no reason for de floyran to lie and he had smelt the lingering scent of seared flesh in the dungeon when he had first arrived and the death it had caused .
when de nogaret finally gave up and made his way to his chamber , de floyran picked up the scent of beaumanoir .
the scent in the dream was the same as this place .
he went to pull her towards him but stopped as he caught the scent of de floyran .
catherine remembered that galeren had told her about lingering scents that could be picked up by a wolfs nose long after an event and she cursed her carelessness .
he shoved galeren onto the top of the stairs as he set about locking the door behind them and galeren was immediately hit by hundreds of different scents , each telling a bleak tale .
if i had nt have known the history i doubt i would have sensed his scent upon her at all .
she could identify his scent when she was human too but it was stronger when they were in wolf form .
4th april 1310 , aberdeenshire the grey wolf was dozing in the bushes when its nose caught scent of something that was both familiar and foreboding .
the scent caught her again and now she knew she was being followed by another werewolf .
she knew it was not de floyran who tailed her but it was the scent of one she knew and who was no friend .
galeren warned , his nose picking up the scent of both danger and the familiar .
werewolves were as adept at perceiving change in thought , mood , and character as they were at distinguishing different scents and emotions .
galeren nodded and turning began to search for the trace of a scent .
in fact , she thought she could smell it alreadyor perhaps that was just the scent of the healers gown .
her servants had cleaned him well and wrapped him tightly but it was still too early in the season for the harvest of the herbs which , through generous distribution about the chapel and in his shroud , would have hidden that scent of death .
the young man claimed the water washed the scent from him and made him less threatening to the animals he chased and while haworth mostly doubted this , since he put the same clothes back on , it could nt be denied that he was an excellent tracker and no one had ever returned from his hunts empty - handed .
less than a league from the clearing , the dogs picked up his scent and the intensity of their yapping increased tenfold .
her scent marked him , filled him , drowning out all others .
the foresters could very quickly sense an unease in the herd , as the mild breeze carried the tell - tale scent of lion , bear , and wolf to the horse herd .
and soon a new scent for pirmin , one he would never get used to : the smell of blood spilling onto hot sand and stone .
the grey - haired soldier held out his hand and vex raised his head , catching the scent of the biscuit .
as soon as his shoulder was close , he smelled what he knew to be peter 's scent there .
he could sense a trail of motion with peter 's scent .
hiding was of no use unless he could hide somewhere that would block his scent .
* * * in what were to him a series of simple motions , ishan caught the scent of the man from peter 's body , turned , and dove off the side of the tower in the span of a microsecond .
the wind gusted up around him as his body fell toward the pavement below , the man 's scent still fresh in his mind .
he had covered thirty or so city blocks when he caught the man 's scent and began following it .
all these thoughts ran through ishan 's mind as he turned corners , leapt over buildings , and slammed through trees while following the man 's scent .
he followed the man 's scent as it led him three houses down from where he landed .
chapter 10 the implant simon stood facing the back of the demolished house peter 's scent had led him to .
after a few minutes of investigating the place , simon decided to try and single out peter 's scent and follow it farther .
he mentally followed the scent in the direction it led .
but another scent caught his attention as he made his way up a nearby palm tree to look out ahead .
it was the scent of the ancestors .
he had only found a handful of them in all of the centuries since one of them had bitten and infected him with the venom , but it had been enough to allow him to recognize the scent .
hank 's withdrawals intensified as he recognized a scent in the air .
number one was much faster , it seemed , as his scent was getting farther more quickly .
it would have her scent on it .
definitely not the scent of a person , or even an animal .
he could tell by her scent alone ; a mixture of blood and darkness and night .
on a subconscious level , humans picked up on the scent of blood in the air , a primeval part of them knowing not to look ; this part of life was supposed to stay in the dark .
madeline would have followed the scent of fresh blood or even sebastians scent , and easily found the body .
madeline would have followed the scent of fresh blood or even sebastians scent , and easily found the body .
she had no idea what they might find and she hoped showing them what a perverted cheat jackson really was might put them off the scent .
the faint scent of blood filled the airher blood .
he will recognize the scent of your blood .
madeline was right ; he would recognize her scent .
how did he miss the scent of panic in the air ?
as soon as madeline gave him the letter , with serenitys blood dribbled across the page , he had become focused on the scent .
the other vampire was already gone into the night , chasing the scent of blood serenity left on the air .
like a bloodhound on the scent of a fox , madeline chased serenity through the night , sebastian hot on her tail .
the other vampire must have lost the trail , as he had , the metallic scent of blood merging with that of oil .
it did nt take a genius to figure out the reason for the lack of scent and the missing vehicle .
she headed to the pump and then , like a dog , got down on all fours , her lips drawn back , pulling the scent over her olfactory glands , sniffing the ground .
suddenly certain of where she was heading , sebastian hoped he would reach her before madeline picked up another scent .
serenity held her breath , praying madeline would nt pick up her scent as she clung to the wall .
as it pushed its way through more undergrowth , the scent became overwhelming .
they have your scent now .
the smell of cordite masked the overpowering scent of wolf for just an instant before the breeze took it .
luke shrugged the scent off , figuring jan had been cooking all day , a plausible excuse as to why she had n't visited him earlier , even though luke could n't imagine what she could have been cooking so she had to stay in the kitchen the entire day .
luke stumbled away , but the death camas ' scent stalked him .
luke stepped closer to colette , catching her scent .
luke steered clear of the plant , but the scent stalked him .
there 's an underlying scent on the wind .
the scent of all those unlucky victims rotting away is a constant reminder of what could have been , had the disease mutated .
` ` , as the distinctive scent of someone smoking crack cocaine drifted in through the window .
the cold morning air was filled with the heavy scent of a building on fire .
it was the scent of rot and death .
i smelt him then and his scent was overpowering .
there was an underlying scent of rot hanging in the house , but i did nt consider that anything unusual .
there was the scent of change and hope in the air .
the scent overpowers , consisting of shit , coffee and alcohol flavored piss , air freshener , hand sanitizer , and the cheap pink soap that seems to be in every public restroom .
i remember the hypnotic quality my takers scent had over me .
she catches the scent a looks at me .
jake could hear it breathing in deeply through its nostrils as if taking in his scent .
bastards got his scent and by now , they ' ve probably passed his clothes around to every vampire in a hundred mile radius .
` ` i heard your heart rate and i smelled your scent .
i have not smelled the scent of a woman in this house in a very long time .
it was the same scent of these new vampires , only a thousand times stronger .
we dug through and found pieces of cardboard boxes that had the scent all over it , and though the packages they were attached to were destroyed , we were able to determine , by their scent , that they came from boston .
we dug through and found pieces of cardboard boxes that had the scent all over it , and though the packages they were attached to were destroyed , we were able to determine , by their scent , that they came from boston .
whoever planted this knew that scent would throw us off his or her track .
the nasty scent of pheromone is getting stronger , emil said .
well , we try to pick up another scent or another clue , said sari .
her eyes were dilated and bloodshot , and her scent had changed .
i do nt want to jump to conclusions , but it was the scent .
the scent of blood ?
no , i mean the scent of what they were eating ; i do nt think it was animal .
not wanting to lose them , she quickly left the house and followed lilys scent into the forest .
the scent aroused her .
she tried to pick up a scent but got nothing .
her skin was hardened and without a single line on it ; from her came no scent and no pheromone .
even though she sensed that she was alone , there was always the possibility that someone was masking their thoughts or their scent .
she followed the scent of the fleet members up to the seventh floor .
his scent was something foul , a clear sign that he was beyond hating them , but loathed them .
starr especially did nt want a world policed by the stinking scent of the new species .
there was always something pure about him , and about his scent : it was sweet and pleasant , unlike others who barely had any scent at all , after being turned except in extreme cases .
there was always something pure about him , and about his scent : it was sweet and pleasant , unlike others who barely had any scent at all , after being turned except in extreme cases .
they share her scent .
scott , do you think were close enough to take our scent inhibitors ?
lily wished she could remember just how long it took the scent inhibitors to take effect .
make sure your silencers are secure , lily said , and after we cross the bridge , take another scent inhibitor .
-- 30 -- - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 -- 30 -- 971 the 491 a 477 and 355 he 338 of 272 to 261 his 225 in 209 was 158 it 133 her 130 i 129 on 122 she 112 you 82 said 81 from 78 him 77 that 76 at 71 with 67 into 62 for 61 as 58 this 55 like 54 had 51 were 46 an 45 me 44 one 43 what 43 be 40 not 39 or 37 by 37 all 37 if 36 its 36 my 36 when 35 so 34 there 34 they 33 did n't 32 but 30 i ' m 30 he 'd 29 is 28 no 28 them 28 over 27 then 27 through 26 about 26 do n't 26 went 26 your 26 their 25 too 23 are 23 did 23 know 23 until 22 up 21 coyote 21 we 21 it 's 21 been 20 two 20 how 20 head 19 way 19 eyes 19 was n't 19 you 're 19 light 19 only 19 hand 18 would 18 who 18 more 18 here 18 against 18 why 17 think 17 could 17 after 17 back 17 where 17 some 17 den 16 down 16 away 16 could n't 16 made 16 out 16 around 15 have 15 voice 15 much 15 left 15 got 14 can 14 off 14 get 14 black 14 came 14 module 14 sat 14 thought 14 other 14 yeah 14 do 14 days 14 thing 13 fuck 13 few 13 that 's 13 red 13 fire 13 sky 13 mouth 13 those 13 three 13 there 's 13 good 13 glass 13 himself 13 ground 13 man 13 across 13 lay 12 eye 12 hatch 12 dark 12 inside 12 enough 11 go 11 something 11 family 11 own 11 face 11 home 11 took 11 water 11 sure 11 again 11 horn 11 heard 11 blood 11 gun 11 far 11 minutes 10 people 10 even 10 hell 10 open 10 say 10 hands 10 end 10 father 10 most 10 upon 10 last 10 make 10 day 10 rifle 10 now 10 while 10 see 9 gone 9 really 9 white 9 old 9 oh 9 many 9 every 9 cold 9 long 9 several 9 site 9 let 9 trees 9 probably 9 come 9 next 9 cameras 9 another 9 watched 9 crazy 9 guy 9 story 9 being 9 once 9 walked 9 side 9 anything 9 she 'd 9 team 8 going 8 bit 8 nothing 8 earth 8 everything 8 ants 8 during 8 right 8 hair 8 near 8 kept 8 shit 8 under 8 rock 8 than 8 just 8 shadow 8 among 8 look 8 part 8 moon 8 since 8 friend 8 coyotes 8 floor 8 canteen 8 dirt 8 bottle 8 door 8 spent 8 bushes 7 video 7 things 7 told 7 watch 7 hours 7 darkness 7 call 7 area 7 cheek 7 sitting 7 dead 7 maybe 7 happened 7 thick 7 monitor 7 started 7 shadows 7 work 7 full 7 any 7 3 7 hat 7 mountains 7 still 7 seen 7 very 7 bear 7 least 7 else 7 i ' ve 7 mind 7 except 7 lost 7 well 7 because 7 stood 7 world 7 hard 7 called 7 camp 7 shot 7 fear 7 field 7 night 7 time 7 either 7 throat 7 began 7 along 7 before 7 place 7 first 6 wild 6 flesh 6 hear 6 should 6 rocks 6 better 6 set 6 real 6 tree 6 fingers 6 behind 6 knife 6 feet 6 dream 6 morning 6 interior 6 god 6 moment 6 beyond 6 helicopter 6 later 6 trail 6 lived 6 where 's 6 fucking 6 sense 6 belt 6 chair 6 might 6 someone 6 would ' ve 6 half 6 bush 6 wall 6 i 'll 6 skull 6 stuck 6 devil 6 almost 6 film 6 spam 6 feed 6 looked 6 wasps 6 wanted 6 soft 6 drank 6 take 6 fell 6 wore 6 these 6 glasses 6 lot 6 nearby 6 remained 6 saw 5 gray 5 resembled 5 keep 5 although 5 boy 5 anyway 5 want 5 we 'll 5 dog 5 listening 5 he 's 5 dreamed 5 they 'd 5 little 5 we 're 5 animal 5 distance 5 built 5 great 5 without 5 leaves 5 footage 5 legs 5 kind 5 smoke 5 whole 5 lying 5 actually 5 dry 5 stars 5 hq 5 weeks 5 chairs 5 deep 5 sun 5 six 5 toward 5 died 5 free 5 big 5 tracks 5 toshi 5 yet 5 brush 5 put 5 hundred 5 course 5 ever 5 okay 5 hung 5 within 5 worth 5 covered 5 none 5 followed 5 empty 5 laughed 5 carried 5 animals 5 sound 5 found 5 jerk 5 locked 5 edge 5 computer 5 afraid 5 human 5 ca n't 5 closed 5 turned 5 tell 5 name 5 sleeping 5 clouds 5 years 5 pair 5 help 4 twenty 4 cracked 4 farther 4 naked 4 ran 4 south 4 afternoon 4 ear 4 occasionally 4 killing 4 stone 4 em 4 men 4 seconds 4 job 4 need 4 cup 4 froze 4 dragged 4 shut 4 wondered 4 twisted 4 doing 4 wood 4 hot 4 ranchers 4 smell 4 late 4 tapes 4 cult 4 whatever 4 bag 4 surprised 4 lips 4 fast 4 arm 4 supervisor 4 damned 4 ago 4 alone 4 pit 4 months 4 stared 4 poured 4 crows 4 understand 4 had n't 4 passed 4 getting 4 couple 4 gathered 4 pilot 4 breeze 4 feel 4 bleeker 4 thinking 4 heart 4 stumbled 4 second 4 pretty 4 telling 4 nose 4 drawn 4 ten 4 sweet 4 thousands 4 wind 4 nice 4 were n't 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 smashed 4 ring 4 decided 4 felt 4 hour 4 dim 4 you ' ve 4 raised 4 missing 4 between 4 tommy 4 though 4 rabies 4 appeared 4 tongue 4 have n't 4 myself 4 shoulder 4 asked 4 puppy 4 got ta 4 freaks 4 meant 4 form 4 baby 4 dust 4 vanished 4 scratched 4 yes 4 are n't 4 waited 4 which 4 buck 4 small 4 meters 4 coming 4 school 4 finally 4 cave 4 falling 4 heavy 4 you 'll 4 hills 4 phone 4 showed 4 probe 4 sunset 4 looking 4 carry 4 us 4 belly 4 brought 4 scope 4 brain 4 bet 4 range 4 ridge 4 moved 4 times 4 entrance 4 room 4 high 3 dropped 3 nearest 3 activity 3 birds 3 presence 3 type 3 worked 3 ended 3 death 3 situation 3 appropriate 3 beard 3 certain 3 bunch 3 breath 3 drunk 3 rose 3 grounds 3 thigh 3 person 3 green 3 yellow 3 vast 3 slipped 3 working 3 threw 3 dug 3 eventually 3 rendered 3 vista 3 eating 3 might ' ve 3 bobcat 3 huge 3 mostly 3 poitier 3 whoever 3 bottom 3 scotch 3 faint 3 plain 3 jar 3 foot 3 gets 3 pressed 3 today 3 howled 3 designed 3 tb 3 hawk 3 ears 3 booze 3 sick 3 pack 3 experience 3 entire 3 plastic 3 listened 3 sea 3 recording 3 csi 3 expected 3 never 3 habitat 3 roots 3 action 3 woke 3 basin 3 month 3 shacks 3 watching 3 snapping 3 model 3 static 3 tightened 3 fist 3 billy 3 flip 3 case 3 bloody 3 together 3 chopper 3 original 3 bob 3 touched 3 crawled 3 wound 3 traps 3 past 3 gave 3 run 3 our 3 farm 3 large 3 removed 3 neck 3 sierras 3 central 3 smiled 3 image 3 b5 3 sorry 3 data 3 tranquilizer 3 chest 3 juniper 3 love 3 horror 3 briefing 3 feeling 3 army 3 mix 3 thanks 3 each 3 count 3 bone 3 navigating 3 piss 3 pieces 3 money 3 testing 3 forward 3 bird 3 peanut 3 bugs 3 we ' ve 3 sprawled 3 thousand 3 happen 3 ugly 3 stalking 3 flight 3 fact 3 cause 3 fucked 3 acrid 3 blind 3 recall 3 became 3 sniffing 3 handle 3 equipment 3 wilderness 3 west 3 lemonade 3 cleared 3 state 3 knuckles 3 less 3 insects 3 whiskey 3 hit 3 branches 3 leather 3 worry 3 hanging 3 chewed 3 fabric 3 ragged 3 friends 3 regarded 3 music 3 broke 3 playing 3 space 3 likely 3 wedged 3 scuttled 3 settled 3 break 3 sounded 3 must 3 seemed 3 body 3 single 3 beans 3 pocket 3 compartment 3 digging 3 kids 3 stag 3 dunno 3 crates 3 hurt 3 wooden 3 toilet 3 spoon 3 stir 3 alive 3 crash 3 write 3 dressed 3 broken 3 reports 3 cot 3 weird 3 walking 3 train 3 strange 3 leaned 3 idea 3 slightly 3 air 3 shook 3 scores 3 used 3 true 3 beneath 3 remote 3 walls 3 different 3 believe 3 quickly 3 moving 3 creepy 3 change 3 clicked 3 remember 3 glowed 3 anarchists 3 event 3 best 3 tape 3 machine 3 lungs 3 sort 3 kilometers 3 low 3 realized 3 held 3 clear 3 cigarette 3 pain 3 circled 3 stepped 3 such 3 shape 3 evil 3 yard 3 deer 3 sexy 3 cell 3 five 3 closer 3 ranch 3 dying 3 core 3 mud 3 cloud 3 guys 3 hunter 3 acid 3 short 3 grabbed 3 sister 3 needles 3 butter 3 hips 3 returned 3 grinned 3 perhaps 3 above 3 keyboard 3 thin 3 consciousness 2 mighty 2 belonged 2 threshold 2 motionless 2 super 2 silly 2 knew 2 favorite 2 project 2 lonely 2 check 2 cow 2 revenge 2 wo n't 2 partially 2 top 2 fuckers 2 local 2 musk 2 directly 2 alaska 2 jagged 2 1 2 hawks 2 hive 2 government 2 cooked 2 fresh 2 serious 2 trickled 2 bar 2 fine 2 taught 2 supply 2 boot 2 poor 2 expanse 2 spend 2 already 2 cracks 2 saying 2 forensics 2 jars 2 gig 2 stroked 2 position 2 twinkled 2 table 2 caps 2 nest 2 curled 2 crater 2 shorts 2 dissolved 2 house 2 detail 2 wiring 2 smacked 2 met 2 positioned 2 denial 2 sage 2 referred 2 research 2 lunch 2 center 2 bring 2 relentless 2 monitors 2 arrived 2 cabinet 2 infrared 2 mom 2 power 2 blocked 2 tears 2 witnessed 2 samples 2 they 'll 2 girl 2 flick 2 rex 2 abruptly 2 wet 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 let 's 2 crackers 2 third 2 preceding 2 wrote 2 buses 2 religious 2 shock 2 bad 2 clamped 2 ashes 2 below 2 haunted 2 batteries 2 speak 2 stirred 2 closely 2 scrub 2 boulders 2 landscape 2 wreck 2 vaquero 2 whined 2 tad 2 extended 2 die 2 jumpsuit 2 shannon 2 freakin ' 2 spirits 2 post 2 tail 2 opposite 2 four 2 jessica 2 fanned 2 honey 2 horses 2 billings 2 beast 2 weak 2 region 2 grass 2 luck 2 prairie 2 joint 2 deadly 2 aura 2 hill 2 rotten 2 main 2 gibbered 2 temple 2 blue 2 tear 2 advice 2 harsh 2 jealous 2 cage 2 twitched 2 meal 2 fat 2 life 2 talking 2 lange 2 system 2 college 2 wilds 2 wrong 2 stand 2 pushed 2 copse 2 risk 2 cattle 2 heat 2 tweed 2 beside 2 flashlight 2 match 2 boulder 2 rabbits 2 mounds 2 bitch 2 fires 2 surface 2 phantom 2 gore 2 smoked 2 picked 2 kinda 2 security 2 b6 2 hamburger 2 metal 2 feeds 2 containing 2 turn 2 specimen 2 split 2 answer 2 oil 2 harder 2 regained 2 inches 2 move 2 earlier 2 civilization 2 signs 2 brother 2 aside 2 frame 2 crouched 2 nerve 2 grab 2 mice 2 revealed 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 bed 2 literally 2 movie 2 soon 2 legend 2 chemical 2 theory 2 separated 2 accepting 2 canyons 2 beautiful 2 become 2 vicinity 2 department 2 elements 2 entering 2 supplies 2 awake 2 woman 2 pilot 's 2 aware 2 driver 2 narrow 2 prints 2 following 2 fed 2 lullaby 2 hideous 2 paranoia 2 gleamed 2 breathing 2 opportunity 2 d 2 victims 2 impressions 2 canyon 2 terror 2 stories 2 itched 2 lens 2 pal 2 boots 2 outta 2 tripped 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 finger 2 pillow 2 screamed 2 forty - five 2 parks 2 wish 2 circuit 2 geologist 2 attention 2 ornery 2 horrors 2 changed 2 crept 2 close 2 hidden 2 sloping 2 find 2 brief 2 estimated 2 year 2 ripe 2 considered 2 muscles 2 dahl 2 storm 2 fluttered 2 entrances 2 foul 2 nights 2 tonight 2 witch 2 cover 2 will 2 rain 2 wrist 2 hunters 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 stayed 2 starring 2 rim 2 problem 2 coughed 2 campsite 2 caked 2 warm 2 i 'd 2 blurry 2 worming 2 hunting 2 screen 2 cries 2 torpid 2 converted 2 removing 2 rode 2 flat 2 tired 2 mountain 2 flank 2 file 2 fly 2 family 's 2 horizon 2 fixed 2 accent 2 paper 2 vision 2 slice 2 thus 2 lately 2 csis 2 bits 2 bright 2 asleep 2 named 2 company 2 burning 2 scraped 2 shoulders 2 others 2 slept 2 carcass 2 sent 2 movies 2 property 2 sector 2 crawl 2 scuffed 2 scorched 2 shade 2 gon na 2 handed 2 vaguely 2 clothes 2 woods 2 separate 2 flickered 2 testament 2 parts 2 truth 2 lawn 2 struck 2 acceptable 2 sighed 2 somebody 2 flipping 2 filtered 2 rapidly 2 aspirin 2 stowed 2 disappeared 2 burrowed 2 rounds 2 buttons 2 older 2 buzzing 2 kidding 2 could ' ve 2 asshole 2 taking 2 consider 2 jaw 2 tractor 2 weapon 2 funny 2 eleven 2 checking 2 glanced 2 enemies 2 hole 2 ridges 2 faded 2 toggled 2 scratching 2 occurred 2 pulled 2 knocking 2 boys 2 what 's 2 mounting 2 petrified 2 cheep 2 propped 2 view 2 always 2 touch 2 forest 2 dude 2 leaked 2 suffered 2 fractured 2 leg - hold 2 toe 2 loved 2 led 2 stream 2 smug 2 muttering 2 ready 2 worse 2 denver 2 processing 2 trip 2 track 2 lair 2 guttural 2 padded 2 catsup 2 soldering 2 pool 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 is n't 2 done 2 wife 2 corner 2 screwed 2 preened 2 nightmares 2 abandoned 2 early 2 murder 2 mother 2 broad 2 panties 2 longer 2 traveled 2 give 2 creeping 2 gaze 2 figure 2 spears 2 ribs 2 scare 2 parcel 2 grime 2 scared 2 lab 2 reached 2 goodbye 2 attached 2 trained 2 immediate 2 seattle 2 useless 2 lighting 2 mounted 2 perimeter 2 moisture 2 lurked 2 spill 2 drunken 2 cassettes 2 alder 2 trap 2 also 2 scents 2 hee 2 coat 2 color 2 cubicle 2 sandal 2 chafed 2 instead 2 exposed 2 staring 2 glow 2 cut 2 evidence 2 easy 2 rise 2 dialed 2 ruined 2 rolling 2 device 2 camera 2 baked 2 hammock- 2 try 2 wings 2 stealthy 2 somebody 's 2 courage 2 chuckled 2 photographs 2 ancient 2 flipped 2 forth 2 drove 2 joined 2 dome 2 ghostly 2 floated 2 would n't 2 teeth 2 sang 2 ventured 2 bitter 2 senses 2 stepmom 2 reason 2 buddy 2 apart 2 leave 2 size 2 stretched 2 tin 2 town 2 winked 2 blank 2 acting 2 liar 2 completely 2 pathetic 2 safety 2 gold 2 waterproof 2 week 2 despite 2 buried 2 pine 2 eighteen 2 you 'd 2 lank 2 fellow 2 burn 2 latest 2 mean 2 via 2 kit 2 stick 2 leaped 2 surveillance 2 brown 2 curiosity 2 drop 2 retirement 2 stupid 2 spying 2 kilometer 2 party 2 counter 2 perspective 2 kiss 2 trying 2 badass 2 rotor 2 bullshit 2 picture 2 scene 2 play 2 noise 1 cope 1 infamous 1 orbited 1 descended 1 acreage 1 proven 1 aid 1 beats 1 awakened 1 dwelling 1 compartments 1 taken 1 edgy - she 1 scab 1 retching 1 obviously 1 campfire 1 cock 1 married 1 bering 1 shrapnel 1 cowboys 1 counted 1 experts 1 cozy 1 clang 1 practical 1 matters 1 corn 1 sinewy 1 previous 1 sacrificing 1 verified 1 inserting 1 dancing 1 synthetic 1 steadily 1 insight 1 studied 1 fauna 1 jiffy 1 1969 1 ol ' 1 board 1 photograph 1 exercise 1 discretion 1 figures 1 land 1 lights 1 chopped 1 breast 1 pasty 1 tissues 1 lucid 1 comprehended 1 arc 1 pinto 1 urban 1 festivals 1 mentally 1 wriggled 1 swings 1 shouted 1 half - hour 1 mild 1 chip 1 druids 1 reckon 1 trigger 1 warped 1 fiercely 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 observer 1 swarm 1 flooded 1 endings 1 rivers 1 magazine 1 dodging 1 bitches 1 showers 1 cackling 1 tumblers 1 cecidostiba 1 note 1 bellowed 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 conducting 1 slung 1 breeches 1 everyone 1 tables 1 matter 1 coals 1 invited 1 tinted 1 braincase 1 stifled 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 quart 1 identify 1 sleazy 1 loooved 1 ashamed 1 splitting 1 owls 1 environs 1 sink 1 depths 1 toilets 1 disquieting 1 readily 1 squatted 1 mosquito 1 ice - locked 1 hacked 1 amount 1 thrush 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 farts 1 s3 1 coats 1 radio 's 1 roald 1 woodsmen 1 impassive 1 lack 1 gallons 1 roved 1 steppes 1 zeroed 1 famous 1 ajar 1 immediately 1 trespassed 1 holy 1 gummed 1 plane 1 limped 1 mundane 1 danced 1 exacerbated 1 operative 1 ex 1 sizzle 1 return 1 intervals 1 selected 1 handling 1 antenna 1 beasley 1 mite 1 mention 1 liquid 1 precious 1 quarry 1 heads 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 reconcile 1 products 1 stirring 1 hunted 1 explicit 1 yours 1 thorn 1 snuffed 1 obstacle 1 interest 1 roared 1 inordinately 1 probational 1 bulldozed 1 sickos 1 resorted 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 matted 1 bleary 1 incoherent 1 occulted 1 screened 1 meanwhile 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 microwave 1 build 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 mound 1 crowd - and 1 backpack 1 hip 1 matting 1 poisoned 1 horse 1 arms 1 slabs 1 climbing 1 treating 1 pile 1 ex - rugby 1 unclear 1 evening 1 esophagus 1 fritz 1 word 1 goon 1 tickled 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 holding 1 hissed 1 deal 1 city 1 gospel 1 repressed 1 thickest 1 personal 1 shell 1 ranch - nor 1 punish 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 soda 1 solitaire 1 hesitation 1 pre - tended 1 backpacks 1 hated 1 strangeness 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 mossy 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 rage 1 knee 1 line 1 whenever 1 shout 1 disrespect 1 twenty - four - hour 1 fled 1 atrocities 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 b 1 timbre 1 paralyzed 1 lapse 1 partner 1 wonderful 1 spat 1 biology 1 luggage 1 helpless 1 impossibly 1 horns 1 country 1 poison 1 sports 1 obvious 1 torch 1 wire 1 retrieval 1 boar 1 agent 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 stained 1 david 1 visors 1 realizing 1 tomahawk 1 tooth 1 wonder 1 bizarrely 1 does 1 organic 1 vents 1 outside 1 nice - a 1 cultists 1 swooped 1 process 1 speculate 1 blasted 1 rapture 1 passive 1 young 1 combing 1 burial 1 keith 1 hideout 1 penetrated 1 offline 1 spiked 1 reflexively 1 laugh 1 powered 1 black - the 1 mellow 1 perfect 1 mat - ter 1 boonies 1 viewports 1 tale 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 indicated 1 drifted 1 birth 1 wiped 1 sickens 1 dwell 1 documents 1 both 1 sign - and 1 breastbone 1 lectured 1 overcome 1 lighted 1 intercom 1 decisions 1 sneered 1 male 1 inexorably 1 tearful 1 forbidden 1 spied 1 prior 1 resupply 1 obliterate 1 property - their 1 bore 1 summers 1 debacle 1 plotted 1 knocks 1 drinking 1 located 1 pass 1 slab 1 plowed 1 jeep 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 swiftly 1 chorus 1 half - kilometer 1 speaking 1 forgetting 1 gnats 1 total 1 grip 1 elaborateness 1 zoomed 1 excitement 1 flares 1 mine 1 bogeymen 1 ambled 1 object 1 add 1 existence 1 pinch 1 tv 1 including 1 control 1 trotted 1 mumble 1 puffs 1 cooped 1 morphed 1 bothering 1 universe 1 portion 1 itself 1 barb 1 mapping 1 happens 1 hoax 1 dumped 1 chambered 1 downplayed 1 folks 1 maps - according 1 caves 1 kenya 1 cocked 1 oblivious 1 negative 1 stole 1 mate 1 crevices 1 transport 1 wavering 1 hate 1 limed 1 unknowable 1 crevice 1 gulp 1 muscular 1 nakedness 1 blur 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 academic 1 clues 1 altered 1 dosed 1 twitch 1 o'clock 1 russians 1 furrows 1 multiple 1 approach 1 gut 1 horrible 1 deeper 1 revealing 1 pounds 1 groundhogs 1 bleeker 's 1 unsnapped 1 cultist 1 squeaked 1 c'm on 1 drink 1 recently 1 dad 1 threat 1 character 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 lover 1 rather 1 aussie 1 convulsing 1 stuff 1 tick 1 packs 1 lady 1 complaints 1 whispered 1 age 1 lions 1 scrawny 1 backbone 1 trait 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 punched 1 classes 1 undone 1 fetal 1 sickeningly 1 higher 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 blistered 1 rising 1 symbols 1 recesses 1 cramped 1 60s 1 plural 1 steel 1 key 1 save 1 it 'd 1 strangling 1 magnified 1 tyson 1 who 'd 1 screens 1 stubble 1 ticking 1 severely 1 unhurriedly 1 replaced 1 alighted 1 significant 1 improvised 1 retaliating 1 idle 1 forms 1 mangled 1 unbuckling 1 ethereal 1 blinked 1 crappy 1 reverberated 1 toga 1 yanking 1 soccer 1 height 1 capable 1 singing 1 talk 1 hmm 1 impaired 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 enunciating 1 adulthood 1 subtle 1 pot 1 scrupulous 1 comes 1 marriage 1 fix 1 berth 1 chilly 1 arrive 1 poised 1 prowl 1 pooled 1 snored 1 connection 1 exultance 1 interminable 1 twenty - minute 1 cotton 1 steel - gray 1 jehovah 1 war 1 glaciated 1 fairly 1 crotches 1 attend 1 burrowing 1 fringes 1 lynching 1 wished 1 arrival 1 kaleidoscope 1 fork 1 whoom 1 climbed 1 peep 1 shindig 1 affected 1 aiming 1 anti - establishment 1 meaningful 1 rolled 1 erasing 1 snickered 1 eccentricity 1 terrified 1 producer 1 incinerated 1 caught 1 rummy 1 rippled 1 decayed 1 blecher 1 arranged 1 simple 1 opener 1 perched 1 cycle 1 furniture 1 volition 1 blame 1 mastering 1 mitigating 1 erased 1 concentrating 1 emerging 1 suggest 1 glint 1 aviator 1 panting 1 shimmered 1 misshapen 1 coils 1 worn 1 jokes 1 snake 1 segregated 1 bowl 1 media 1 anybody 1 binoculars 1 lifting 1 pick 1 winding 1 tuned 1 pumped 1 chalk 1 uncomfortably 1 hunched 1 gore - splattered 1 reminded 1 yesterday 1 pathological 1 rape 1 think - and 1 apocalyptic 1 busting 1 daybreak 1 studies 1 silent 1 affixed 1 decibels 1 drained 1 aberrant 1 freaky 1 troll 1 trapped 1 welled 1 tangled 1 shine 1 crowbar 1 loath 1 opening 1 simon 1 popped 1 satanists 1 mucky 1 atmosphere 1 bundy 1 bare 1 orange 1 sacrificed 1 revived 1 sometime 1 happening 1 curdled 1 permanent 1 sunshine 1 symptoms 1 flashes 1 massacre 1 long - term 1 one - not 1 battery 1 turning 1 maker 's 1 some - how 1 act 1 closing 1 throw 1 overhanging 1 equaled 1 oak 1 juices 1 sliver 1 flinging 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 isolated 1 how 's 1 national 1 appears 1 reserve 1 punch 1 dopey 1 terrible 1 infiltrating 1 inaudible 1 hefted 1 ramshackle 1 cross - legged 1 assortment 1 keyed 1 brains 1 snugged 1 care 1 remaining 1 touchy 1 crap 1 clutched 1 spilled 1 explain 1 dynamics 1 retrieved 1 seized 1 pressing 1 shuddered 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 rank 1 quick 1 highly 1 slow 1 squirming 1 instinct 1 underbrush 1 map 1 masturbated 1 distortion 1 intensely 1 ickiest 1 possibility 1 cigarettes 1 suspicious 1 molten 1 survive 1 populations 1 vicinity - they 'd 1 emanated 1 southern 1 buzzed 1 bushel 1 homesteaders 1 climate 1 riding 1 pondering 1 horned 1 series 1 predator 1 outdoors 1 30 -- 1 spongy 1 places 1 slight 1 running 1 bucket 1 killers 1 nervous 1 gash 1 switch 1 haze 1 mistake 1 shoe 1 outlines 1 effectively 1 hostile 1 slip 1 blow 1 primal 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 articles 1 sites 1 spew 1 strode 1 lotion 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 rhythm 1 lifestyle 1 reputation 1 toxic 1 vitality 1 labyrinthine 1 wallets 1 smelling 1 bodies 1 girls 1 hardcore 1 munching 1 screwier 1 guessed 1 outdoor 1 formed 1 primitive 1 normal 1 stiff 1 enervated 1 dreary 1 clearing 1 handful 1 canned 1 chill 1 writhing 1 goods 1 wells 1 grimace 1 groove 1 whores 1 games 1 squirting 1 cheap 1 spooky 1 advised 1 kernel 1 dirt - munching 1 operation 1 breathy 1 transportation 1 rotting 1 redness 1 buttocks 1 pole 1 art 1 allentown 1 licked 1 footpath 1 members 1 sensation 1 haunts 1 prism 1 sworn 1 grin 1 homeboys 1 law 1 argento - style 1 pyrenees 1 collective 1 mentioning 1 protective 1 agony 1 understood 1 condos 1 seat 1 gulch 1 detonated 1 shelters 1 gear 1 kerosene 1 anxiety 1 short - short 1 antiquated 1 mucus 1 nail 1 agricultural 1 brutally 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 wandering 1 flute 1 features 1 letting 1 hygiene 1 preferred 1 twisting 1 please 1 everybody 1 ceremonies 1 shit 's 1 sequence 1 contents 1 waved 1 behaviors 1 malls 1 hack 1 distinct 1 sledgehammer 1 vas 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 unlock 1 moore 1 surge 1 jaws 1 nah 1 moments 1 smuggled 1 layer 1 bitch 's 1 opened 1 glistening 1 union 1 dulled 1 enormous 1 detection 1 creepiest 1 remains 1 notice 1 group 1 ch 1 motion 1 yipped 1 unintelligible 1 tales 1 five - year - old 1 sparks 1 provided 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 rained 1 mayhem 1 reenactment 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 insignificance 1 bark 1 dropping 1 laughter 1 psych 1 co - opt 1 creature 1 paying 1 pamphlets 1 roads 1 memory 1 laird 1 shred 1 throats 1 urged 1 limescale 1 types 1 nubian 1 bones 1 solar 1 limestone 1 satisfy 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 slammer 1 puffed 1 scrabbled 1 sullen 1 bicycles 1 force 1 disperse 1 pictures 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 manitou 1 badlands 1 strike 1 unlocked 1 lairs 1 stall 1 brightened 1 expect 1 silverware 1 burned 1 wounded 1 softer 1 starvation 1 history 1 fit 1 louder 1 observing 1 seems 1 deranged 1 living 1 obscuring 1 follow 1 continued 1 tournament 1 tortured 1 strength 1 um - hm 1 outbreak 1 zero 1 sedative 1 crunched 1 ankle 1 generation 1 every - thing 1 attracted 1 c1 1 chose 1 sliding 1 mop 1 stud 1 depots 1 mud - encrusted 1 plate 1 credulous 1 record 1 kowtowed 1 jellified 1 bio 1 sixty 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 uncharacteristic 1 they 're 1 northeast 1 camouflage 1 glittering 1 vibration 1 scenario 1 was - christ 1 whistled 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 vulnerability 1 microwaved 1 gophers 1 enclosure 1 stifle 1 unease 1 foothold 1 angles 1 blouse 1 levering 1 irrational 1 scream 1 america 1 claustrophobia 1 circling 1 poker 1 growing 1 vicious 1 slumped 1 ex - lover 1 console 1 pus 1 trophy 1 portland- 1 placenta 1 cramp 1 wave 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 hillside 1 leg 1 briskly 1 protect 1 gored 1 herself 1 reported 1 shirtless 1 mumbling 1 tagged 1 chew 1 bowels 1 horn 's 1 furry 1 programmed 1 child 1 subcontractors 1 vietnam 1 scouted 1 circumference 1 dracula 's 1 stomping 1 onto 1 composite 1 bastards 1 talented 1 briefings 1 sturdy 1 cultures 1 miles 1 images 1 low - grade 1 slaves 1 phones 1 stations 1 malt 1 wan na 1 angel 1 buckle 1 ways 1 emerged 1 niches 1 whether 1 forever 1 penny 1 send 1 states 1 dorm 1 buoyed 1 devil 's 1 puddles 1 forty - eight 1 reminisce 1 settings 1 sprang 1 unconsciousness 1 screw - on 1 trampled 1 mule 1 nightly 1 stuttered 1 cocksuckers 1 researchers 1 ninety - minute 1 promise 1 spattered 1 conceivable 1 assess 1 slow - moving 1 trembled 1 squirrels 1 sacred 1 rubbed 1 orphaned 1 screw 1 tenderly 1 impulsiveness 1 travois - ing 1 pant 1 bounty 1 belligerent 1 progress 1 minor 1 visitation 1 fields 1 mixed 1 jiggle 1 anthropomorphic 1 auctioned 1 motives 1 special 1 packing 1 cowpokes 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 generally 1 compliment 1 howard 1 afterglow 1 sagebrush 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 leaning 1 reality 1 itch 1 menacing 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 grimy 1 low - income 1 recognized 1 savanna 1 anyone 1 pleasant 1 demo 1 doubt 1 midterm 1 nestled 1 thudding 1 caliper 1 block 1 straight - to - video 1 eight 1 however 1 chafe 1 why 'd 1 hiss 1 grow 1 chablis 1 zap 1 double 1 years ' 1 beat 1 stung 1 cap 1 shots 1 kansas 1 violin 1 blown 1 swirled 1 rats 1 epidemic 1 sourness 1 pitchfork 1 vet 1 flicked 1 hardly 1 ram 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 crushed 1 eager 1 dad 's 1 averaged 1 immensity 1 splat 1 clumping 1 streaks 1 crumpled 1 gnat 1 joyous 1 blowflies 1 blinded 1 rabid 1 prey 1 repulsed 1 insidious 1 soft - eyed 1 lure 1 pull - down 1 patterns 1 recoiling 1 verged 1 assignment 1 ceiling 1 song 1 bole 1 caved 1 report 1 whatever 's 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 long - lost 1 taxidermy 1 sounding 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 crawling 1 bursts 1 japan - the 1 desert 1 imagined 1 boring 1 7 mm 1 nomads 1 nested 1 garfunkel 1 carson 1 downturned 1 conscious 1 shrieks 1 rocky 1 afflicted 1 followers 1 jumped 1 luckily 1 parking 1 breakfast 1 blizzard 1 kin 1 locker 1 indigents 1 descaling 1 half - dozen 1 anticipated 1 sounds 1 hello 1 visuals 1 mountainous 1 rule 1 direction 1 knocked 1 investigating 1 halves 1 neither 1 skin 1 footprints 1 yellow - tinted 1 rescue 1 squeamish 1 clinched 1 migrating 1 doctor 1 milliseconds 1 seeped 1 lifeless 1 grim 1 insane 1 braced 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shotgun 1 scrunched 1 thickened 1 captured 1 future 1 quite 1 knows 1 yelped 1 easy - it 's 1 refer 1 vertical 1 ill 1 nonetheless 1 folklore 1 sewage 1 stared - stared 1 hooked 1 lanterns 1 shatterproof 1 absolutely 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 secrecy 1 weigh 1 tight 1 robbing 1 generators 1 papier - m 1 eon 1 things - a 1 windblown 1 junipers 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 barefoot 1 pecked 1 ached 1 arced 1 carnivorous 1 overhead 1 southeastern 1 pin - wheeling 1 drag 1 lookout 1 feels 1 strong 1 comforts 1 olympic 1 balanced 1 partition 1 eh 1 alike 1 almighty 1 bible 1 snags 1 humor 1 dreadful 1 paced 1 weekly 1 indeed 1 making 1 benches 1 billowing 1 undulated 1 beaten 1 matches 1 myth 1 curtains 1 earthen 1 stopped 1 shithouse 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 homies 1 museum 1 slick 1 storage 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 steelworkers 1 roll 1 father 's 1 pitch 1 sand 1 ranks 1 scratches 1 hostel 1 steam 1 bequeathed 1 red - lit 1 altars 1 chimpanzees 1 incarnate 1 pricked 1 suit 1 numerous 1 disturbing 1 interference 1 bomb 1 rainforest 1 fixated 1 boiling 1 droppings 1 paltry 1 exclamation 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 connected 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 swarming 1 unzipped 1 martian 1 awoke 1 outdated 1 lunatic 1 special - ties 1 thrill - killing 1 gasped 1 sop 1 vodka 1 selves 1 scenery 1 hull 1 rife 1 analysis 1 collected 1 narks 1 hank 1 analyzing 1 snare 1 tall 1 laphroaig 1 tasted 1 sloughing 1 man - made 1 weapons 1 unlimber 1 unfortunately 1 smash 1 quality 1 extreme 1 spiritually 1 hanger 1 buddy - boy 1 often 1 vacation 1 remembered 1 notes 1 handfuls 1 raw 1 industriously 1 crashing 1 hi 1 hiking 1 960s 1 flitted 1 weariness 1 adds 1 dart 1 withstand 1 contacts 1 satan 1 difficulty 1 nails 1 cuffs 1 sob 1 waste 1 washed 1 robots 1 described 1 bus 1 fluorescent 1 same 1 believed 1 vertically 1 rich 1 limned 1 stuffing 1 t - shirt 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 scrim 1 scary 1 seventy - two 1 shoddy 1 red - tail 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 pitiful 1 choose 1 playmate - era 1 wren 1 dario 1 leaving 1 middle 1 occupied 1 nude 1 rat 1 displayed 1 younger 1 doubled 1 mumbled 1 reinforce 1 gps 1 galvanized 1 eat 1 function 1 raspy 1 gelatin 1 motor 1 pinhole 1 shouting 1 cat 1 guilty 1 pissed 1 husked 1 rumor 1 barren 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 ticked 1 spot 1 woodsman 1 spread 1 ones 1 ass 1 massaged 1 extents 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 decomposed 1 slam 1 plays 1 soles 1 nostrils 1 transfixed 1 turnoffs 1 beastie 1 carefully 1 shower 1 buncha 1 chain 1 engine 1 rack 1 society 1 hiding 1 bury 1 busy 1 tree - hugging 1 forced 1 intrigued 1 focus 1 washboard 1 theremin 1 basis 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 ability 1 token 1 suspect 1 lingered 1 ascertaining 1 profit 1 ri - i - ght - i ' m 1 convenient 1 strings 1 book 1 airlifted 1 fourteen 1 fumbling 1 weeds 1 judgment 1 responded 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 slid 1 dissipated 1 deliver 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 savage 1 trash 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 dinner 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 bolted 1 attack 1 vets 1 retched 1 ruts 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 unwitting 1 career 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 branch 1 hardy 1 urge 1 motive 1 offer 1 slashes 1 kill 1 thumb 1 collar 1 door - nails 1 escape 1 rails 1 docile 1 trudging 1 salt 1 collects 1 scattering 1 morphine 1 bronze 1 permeated 1 eyelids 1 occult 1 shift 1 hydroponics 1 women 1 healthy 1 bra 1 wheedling 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 mood 1 spackled 1 balled 1 racing 1 sleek 1 alley 1 pattern 1 fully 1 product 1 studying 1 entry 1 children 1 patiently 1 chiseled 1 whine 1 subside 1 pits 1 problems 1 freeze 1 lowering 1 nine - month 1 smarts 1 dating 1 satanism 1 lowered 1 skunk 1 dangling 1 shone 1 foam 1 counselor 1 espionage 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scooped 1 mudder 1 follows 1 thought- 1 anyhow 1 scientist 1 hummed 1 lit 1 imagination 1 techs 1 able 1 demons 1 staking 1 interests 1 hooking 1 landlady 1 titillating 1 style 1 path 1 costume 1 signal 1 pursue 1 hooch 1 right - definitely 1 marsh 1 american 1 drew 1 chuckle 1 smudged 1 withdrew 1 some - thing 1 barbary 1 shifty 1 numbly 1 television 1 sift 1 contrary 1 shattered 1 vibrator 1 scummy 1 bent 1 kinks 1 involved 1 blurred 1 diabetes 1 parents 1 verisimilitude 1 northern 1 god - awful 1 vcr 1 cinders 1 stage - whispered 1 foothills 1 assertion 1 intact 1 composted 1 surroundings 1 darted 1 murdered 1 university 1 friendly 1 semifascia 1 backward 1 crackled 1 swarmed 1 dogs 1 is - for 1 eclipsed 1 clearly 1 cripes 1 deformed 1 nobody 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 backbreaking 1 committed 1 northwest 1 disapproved 1 therapist 1 glad 1 decomposition 1 boards 1 sucked 1 discovered 1 replaying 1 sit 1 moth 1 county 1 teams 1 ravine 1 rap 1 rawhide 1 gritted 1 powerful 1 manner 1 bloated 1 stabbed 1 escalate 1 sexless 1 organ 1 species 1 besides 1 fossilized 1 wants 1 acres 1 economy 1 covers 1 unpacked 1 mike 1 cosmic 1 loincloths 1 redecorated 1 sucker 1 slashing 1 beasts 1 washington 1 sluices 1 rubbing 1 haha 1 biologists 1 lone 1 wildly 1 sparse 1 mad 1 packaged 1 rattlesnake 1 grains 1 leopold 1 encased 1 acutely 1 choice 1 feverish 1 pools 1 laid 1 shipped 1 holes 1 dreams 1 she 's 1 has n't 1 warmth 1 repeatedly 1 office 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 dialing 1 innocently 1 stony 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 o ' 1 potential 1 concentrated 1 pale 1 native 1 grandkids 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 bolt 1 row 1 headquarters 1 spoor 1 sharp 1 statue 1 diapers 1 insensate 1 antivenin 1 functioned 1 caress 1 fleeing 1 level 1 bored 1 carved 1 vehicle 1 foreground 1 sweeps 1 photo - graphs 1 tarpaper 1 querulous 1 says 1 peed 1 kit - ten 1 bull 1 enormity 1 linked 1 inconceivable 1 stranded 1 knees 1 beam 1 dragging 1 perspiration 1 celt 1 mall 1 terrors 1 stench 1 grab - ass 1 frequency 1 spring 1 struggle 1 zoology 1 locking 1 humped 1 hearsay 1 forefinger 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 coverts 1 garbled 1 unwelcome 1 cocktail 1 streaming 1 emergency 1 four - wheeler 1 straight 1 oils 1 rough - housing 1 equal 1 cluster 1 glancing 1 road 1 whimper 1 niche 1 rough 1 gnawing 1 jogged 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 survival 1 plague 1 prick 1 attracts 1 military 1 grandfather 1 chateau 1 bite 1 glossed 1 whites 1 limp 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 scary - looking 1 unpleasant 1 seed 1 constructed 1 lain 1 stakes 1 dahmer 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 while - the 1 flicks 1 touches 1 tarps 1 worm 1 tracked 1 thrills 1 ryoko 1 overwhelming 1 coast 1 argue 1 sneaking 1 dismissed 1 crow 's 1 flu 1 malice 1 genteel 1 friendship 1 hid 1 may 1 leads 1 lamps 1 enforcement 1 burrow 1 diamond 1 emergence 1 depression 1 otherwise 1 gravel 1 installed 1 entrapped 1 hers 1 should ' ve 1 wrists 1 glances 1 optic 1 forearm 1 accept 1 880s 1 asshole - ishness 1 runaways 1 moonlight 1 quivered 1 gloom 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 exchanging 1 creep 1 solid 1 daylight 1 beware 1 veins 1 further 1 pouch 1 sign 1 impulse 1 puzzling 1 battle 1 knock 1 casualness 1 roosts 1 fetish 1 newspaper 1 rocked 1 flickering 1 crisp 1 surveyed 1 realize 1 psychobabble 1 inert 1 leaking 1 floating 1 initially 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 sold 1 resolve 1 exploded 1 wrecked 1 step 1 meh 1 miserably 1 winded 1 haunches 1 column 1 stress 1 hindenburg 1 proved 1 brushed 1 charged 1 crudely 1 heels 1 having 1 half - straddled 1 tremor 1 tradition 1 suppurating 1 slowly 1 promising 1 contemplated 1 antipathy 1 familiar 1 manipulating 1 humidity 1 fsb 1 gobbledygook 1 adjusted 1 radius 1 shave 1 rot 1 cried 1 question 1 point 1 dredge 1 retreated 1 uncomfortable 1 stymied 1 gazing 1 loop 1 winds 1 makes 1 does n't 1 egg 1 wired 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 horrified 1 lied 1 ooo - weee - ooo 1 scrape 1 roosted 1 cancer 1 plodded 1 sinister 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 hurled 1 visible 1 bubbled 1 anger 1 watered 1 fidget 1 documented 1 crashed 1 some- 1 should n't 1 reading 1 stinging 1 stellar 1 handbags 1 assume 1 lumps 1 strung 1 awaken 1 kilos 1 former 1 tents 1 collect 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 siberian 1 shackled 1 ask 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 lowlands 1 pup 1 c 1 slammed 1 shelf 1 insubstantial 1 sadist 1 dozen 1 throbbed 1 blade 1 exhaustion 1 sun - bleached 1 pink 1 especially 1 baseball 1 unlikely 1 shanties 1 furious 1 standing 1 stoic 1 devilry 1 pure 1 dozed 1 fifty 1 clasped 1 cougar 1 sensational 1 sidney 1 advancing 1 sub - conscious 1 stumble 1 torn 1 rigs 1 hangover 1 72 1 bother 1 tapping 1 shipping 1 ivory 1 inclination 1 siesta 1 steamy 1 mountain- 1 chrissake 1 felled 1 skulls 1 dial 1 barron 1 authentic 1 claimed 1 centimeters 1 french 1 gentle 1 excavation 1 rural 1 likes 1 desertion 1 holyfield 1 complications 1 discovers 1 nut 1 required - the 1 struts 1 blending 1 wiry 1 circumstances 1 piled 1 vain 1 camouflaged 1 sleeves 1 pockets 1 read 1 envisioned 1 yummy 1 killed 1 ascending 1 anonymous 1 reeds 1 socket 1 paint 1 hustle 1 despise 1 pines 1 almonds 1 window 1 played 1 purpose 1 compulsion 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 pall 1 current 1 uncapped 1 lingering 1 scurried 1 breakdown 1 script 1 heat - i 'd 1 l 1 1965 1 scent 1 exception 1 outgrew 1 catch 1 grain 1 sunburn 1 honey - pie 1 headed 1 north 1 decaying 1 chick - ens 1 peace 1 what - the - hell - ever 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 chamber 1 relaxed 1 waves 1 bathed 1 unspoken 1 hatred 1 rotate 1 serpentine 1 creases 1 great - great - great 1 patch 1 tepees 1 amid 1 ate 1 coagulated 1 gacy 1 round 1 dubious 1 weather 1 remarried 1 catbirds 1 passwords 1 swapped 1 intrusive 1 common 1 designated 1 instantly 1 zigzagged 1 retrieve 1 wept 1 vulpine 1 gobbled 1 throughout 1 nocturnal 1 discarded 1 snowy 1 candescent 1 camcorder 1 compass 1 tried 1 1970 1 cracking 1 participate 1 jewelry 1 locate 1 correct 1 alas 1 owl 1 gradually 1 awhile 1 bro 1 lotus 1 sanity 1 accustomed 1 skies 1 flies 1 angry 1 coiled 1 lovely 1 nine 1 temples 1 quiet 1 flexible 1 utter 1 task 1 filled 1 o 1 largest 1 sickness 1 fooled 1 has 1 housing 1 club 1 proliferation 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 list 1 ravening 1 happier 1 accident 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 dozens 1 unclenched 1 recordings 1 seem 1 glance 1 apprised 1 suddenly 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 simplest 1 supper 1 section 1 edged 1 bunting 1 desk 1 nobody 's 1 lightning 1 complain 1 orgy 1 math 1 boiled 1 spending 1 hotel 1 cuddle 1 tendons 1 ex - girlfriend 1 scripting 1 fired 1 peeking 1 two - star 1 ax 1 sneaked 1 shirt 1 timer 1 keeps 1 saliva 1 alter 1 silt 1 quadrant - a 1 expense 1 muffled 1 stifling 1 throbbing 1 raise 1 rid 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 muriatic 1 affair 1 gotten 1 shovel 1 honestly 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 buster 1 concerts 1 shooting 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 words 1 translucent 1 pacify 1 tidal 1 pinched 1 apple 1 primates 1 shallow 1 chance 1 switched 1 nameless 1 greener 1 collarbone 1 obscenities 1 curtain 1 instant 1 dinners 1 millions 1 lamp 1 seats 1 unloaded 1 temperature 1 scout 1 instance 1 motherfucker 1 corpse 1 tube 1 den - the 1 panels 1 box 1 nursing 1 shiny 1 ugh 1 circuitry 1 alien 1 edgewise 1 conference 1 travois 1 mentioned 1 lolled 1 conjunction 1 humans 1 camped 1 michael 1 skip 1 manifest 1 oozed 1 rusty 1 protocol 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 dispatched 1 thrust 1 switches 1 visitors 1 superheated 1 tumbler 1 typical 1 loosen 1 spots 1 safe 1 star 1 frenzy 1 christmas 1 sin 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 personnel 1 feral 1 ice 1 pointed 1 mosey 1 clacking 1 huh 1 works 1 noted 1 stomach 1 fool 1 consuming 1 texas 1 searing 1 chin 1 crossed 1 functionary 1 fireball 1 overlooking 1 valor 1 long - gone 1 syrup 1 sadly 1 chops 1 sunlight 1 spared 1 exhibits 1 can not 1 idiot 1 scuffle 1 ancients 1 mark 1 distrust 1 listen 1 hoarse 1 dashed 1 bought 1 hopped 1 flirted 1 sunny 1 perform 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 nodded 1 rail 1 gift 1 quits 1 dresses 1 partying 1 remain 1 shake 1 taste 1 uncles 1 ivy 1 football 1 rift 1 lap 1 root 1 openings 1 silvery 1 plotting 1 reduced 1 stay 1 preached 1 live 1 scientists 1 safaris 1 sudden 1 past- 1 apartment 1 ranchers ' 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 self - sufficient 1 afterbirth 1 pupils 1 gain 1 checked 1 dummies 1 major 1 nuzzled 1 kindling 1 noises 1 decay 1 covert 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 skittered 1 keyhole 1 bastard 1 cockpit 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 fearful 1 corporations 1 analyze 1 belongs 1 bothered 1 totally 1 psst 914 .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
my nose caught the scent of fried food .
milo felt a slight flush of shame as the scent of lasagna bled beneath the door .
the two monsters shuffled through the room , inching their way toward noella , raising their noses as if trying to pick up her scent .
if the gugs slept long , and the ghasts returned soon from their deed in the cavern , the scent of the climbers might easily be picked up by those loathsome and ill - disposed things ; in which case it would almost be better to be eaten by a gug .
that nauseating scent persisted .
the scent of burning flesh and rubber forced its way up his nose and down his throat .
her pheromones would suddenly spike as the scent of fresh bills flipped in the tall , dark stranger 's hand .
her ` ` compass needle '' would become the scent of crisp , fresh cash .
i had , strangely enough , thought little of the plan i would use , but like a hound on a scent , i was following that to which i was assigned .
they become wild with rage , and lunge after the object that expels such a scent .
the smell was strongest here and from the scent , it came from this room .
like a bloodhound , they followed the scent and feasted .
the scent would throw off any marauding zombies and keep us safe .
when kirsten first laid eyes on holly , she could sense that aura right away , like a scent that only a chosen few could only pick up and respond to ; she did nt figure her for having the same pleasures she had , but just the look of her , it was written all over her , mingling everywhere outside of hersomething was off with this chick .
still , his reins were tied to her saddle horn , so it was difficult not to notice her scent , the way she gaited , their brief touches , and the pleasurable nickers she emitted the nearer magic dog came to her hind legs .
on and on they flew , past winds of dubious scent and sounds of dubious import ; ever in thickest darkness , and covering such prodigious spaces that carter wondered whether or not they could still be within earth 's dreamland .
so you could nt describe my scent to john .
no , if you had walked someplace where there were no other scents i could have shown him but you did nt .
and we do nt know that they ca nt follow a scent .
the diamonds , in this case , reinhouer said , were there to channel any scents that might exist .
when the scent of it 's rotting flesh finally reaches me , i can control myself no longer .
fresh socks , ripped right out from the packaging with the scent of polymers still clinging to the fabric .
sweet , yes , but also sour , tinged with the stalker mans gross scent of chemical sweat .
some of the most powerful elders in the clan had a tinge of sulfur to their scent .
she could smell sweat and alcohol on him , and some other scent , something bitter and dark that made her skin crawl .
he followed the scent , blind , knowing only the lure of hunger .
no other predators to spook the herd , spoiling a perfect set - up at the last instant , to cross ahead of the herd when the wind was wrong , or to leave a scent by a water source , and make them move on to another .
at first the scents confused him , but apart from her unique scent , there were a thousand others .
gil did nt know why he followed the scent of blood .
yes , they were standing down there , perhaps smelling for her , casting about like a dog for scent .
with each handful of mud , he covered his clothes , shoes , and anything that would leave his scent lingering in the air .
he only knew what he read , and he read that they could smell fear , smell any scent from miles away .
he relied on the muds earthy odor to conceal his scent .
we want to throw off our scent , he pleaded with her .
after he had buried the scent of his blood beneath the mud , they took off running through the forest trees .
swiftly , apollo ran for miles in order to release himself from the grip of sophies scent and the sound of her heartbeat .
apollos upper and lower fangs and his uncanny scent .
the alarming scent ran a tingling sensation up and down his pale skin .
the scent was that of an animal .
he had the ability to smell a humans scent , each different according to the humans blood type and their overall aura .
humans could not detect the werewolf scent .
then without a second thought , he took off running toward the vague scent of sophie .
they fell behind , but they kept hold of his scent .
tereq ran over and leaned down to pick up sophie , but he stopped short when he felt the gust of wind followed by apollos peculiar scent .
more than once he caught the scent of something , like a faint odor on the wind , but it was gone quickly .
maybe it had just been a coyote passing close enough for rusty to pick up its scent .
occasionally , alec would lift his bow and take aim at shadows scurrying below , or catch a sudden scent of rotting flesh with a shift in the wind .
even the rotting ones have a better scent , '' he continued , his voice muffled as claw , and finger , disappeared into his nostril .
casting aside the sense of fear radiating from the red mage , the imp honed in on the scent of the elf .
if the aldaci anari your smelled hans a papery scent provenir from the modest cilice ch'adorna the unadorned one i mantle that it conceals my spirit , then it is what correct that is given me the appellative of teacher , if nothing else for the greatest due sperienza to my etade . ''
the interior stank , stuffed with her gym sock personal scent like a sour den .
fenrirs scent lingered everywhere in shed hair and urine .
whenever fenrir went out i rebelliously set to scrubbing each scent marked corner and chair with a rag that stank all the more of cleaning chemicals .
the three males trotted back and forth behind their father with heads and tails lowered slyly , as though tracking scents .
the pack sidestepped my advance , licking the air and tasting my scent , their weird moon eyes excited .
dimly , he began to remember the taste of her salty skin between his teeth , her hands against his throat as he moved into herthe sharp , dry scent of her body , and the shape of her small , dark nipplesthe brush of her tangled hair against his gasping , paul turned over and reached for wendy .
how could he approach her , with the scent of another womans body on his skinwith the prints of helens nails across his back ?
marabbas could point out the dead patches from the living by scent .
the greer slunk through the forest in the moonlight , following a mingled scent of death and fungus toward a scattered group of kings men - bauran by then - that struggled in their new bodies and suits of armor , falling over themselves and the terrain .
her breathing deepened on the scent and her lips curled up over the canines .
the other members of the pack circled the vehicle and yipped in excitement as they too detected the intoxicating fresh scent of blood .
two men had apparently caught his scent and tracked him .
the scent of strong peppermints trying to disguise the foul breath and the young man 's close proximity mixed with the general foulness radiating from the manager was making coherent thought more difficult by the second .
it was an impossible thing but the scent of his burning brain cells was the only thing the chef could think of as he found himself wishing to strangle the manager , and perhaps toss him into the open fire pit oven that took up a good portion of the kitchen .. from behind the manager , who was still angrily spouting words that may have had meaning , the chef saw the kid washing the dishes trying desperately not to laugh out loud as he continued scrubbing something hidden from view under the bubbles and foam covered water .
its my freakin scent on that designer rag catts !
so if at all possible , run quietly away before it gets the opportunity to lock on to your scent , or if its too late and your already in the shit , do what honeydew and i did , and create a distraction for it to pursue .
we ve picked up a scent , said dana .
ca nt chat or the scent will get cold .
you still got the scent ?
almost immediately , she picked up the distinctive scent of the rogue wolf .
she was going to be able to pick up the scent a bit more easily than him .
and the man on the porch carried the scent they d been following .
the trackers could nt be sure , of course , because the killer obscured the evidence , washing his victims down thoroughly , ridding them of his scent and anything else he might have left on them before dumping them .
they could nt roll up the windows , however , because they had to keep the scent .
this is a long scent trail , dana agreed .
she turned the car to follow the scent .
he d picked up the scent too .
she started down the hall , following the scent until she came to a closed door .
the scent of her own deodorant was nearly overpowering .
i ve got the scent .
are you sure they re not going to find your scent ?
gray , they caught your scent .
okay , so according to sullivan , said avery in between bites of home fries , beta wolves react to their alphas scent .
but i do react to his scent .
but we have to get his scent .
what do you want my scent for ?
we can get to the scent in a minute .
we did nt get his scent .
she was good at tracking scent .
we need his scent so that we can test it on the rogues we have in custody .
hopefully , having it sealed would preserve the scent .
the scent belongs to cole randall .
if any of the wolves they talked to reacted to coles scent , then dana and avery had to cart them back to the sf headquarters .
for every beta they found , there were two or three on the list of potentials who did nt react to the scent .
why are nt you following her scent ?
i tried to follow a scent , but she runs there all the time .
i could get her scent .
that s how you got my scent to bring the betas here , is nt it ?
i ve tried everything i can to pick up her scent .
he said he could track her scent better .
and its true , they have some weird scent thing .
he caught a scent and he followed it .
when he lost the scent , he knew he was too late .
* * * it was harder to follow her scent now , but not impossible .
the fey scent of poisonous flowers clung to the banks of the river , but the streets ran with the odor of rancid humanity , a breath of exotic spice at times winning through .
the incense burning there had a faint coppery odor , like the scent of blood .
viktir caught the scent of her and suddenly a lust he had never felt began to stalk him .
the concentrated scent of the fruit drew all of them , far too many to get at him at once .
he inhaled , and caught an unfamiliar scent nearby , a scent that was dangerous and somehow threatening .
he inhaled , and caught an unfamiliar scent nearby , a scent that was dangerous and somehow threatening .
he padded through the streets , and the scents of the river thames assailed his senses , threatening to drown out the now - familiar scent of tom .
chris knew that it was the other mans apartment even before tom announced it ; his keen nose detected toms scent over everything , even through the wooden barrier of the locked door .
i followed your scent .
claudias nostrils flared as she caught the scent of death and old blood wafting from the bag .
he could smell toms scent strong on the breezes , stronger than it would have been if tom had not been there .
tom asked , raising his eyebrows and aiming for a calm expression , yet chris could detect the scent of hopefulness beneath it all .
i think its a scent thing , or something , chris said , with a shrug .
the distinct scent soon lured monstrous paws to slam swiftly down the pavement in hunt .
a few blocks away , another monster was careening down a vacant street , avid on the scent it stalked .
mere blurs whisked over the roofs above , stalling them in wonder of the new scent .
` ` the first can follow the scent of blood from miles away , '' he told her .
` ` my two scouts had tracked a faint scent of them to that building , '' zeke told her , ` ` my clan was holding position when you came running out .
the musty stink of ageing paperbacks hit me , familiar and virile ; strong enough to overwhelm my scent of fear and perspiration , hopefully discouraging the shambling monstrosities from searching for me .
upon picking up the thick , unmistakable scent of blood , i almost joined him .
i thought about the birthday cake i 'd tossed away , wishing i 'd held my nose to deflect the rank scent and tucked in .
in the meantime , the foyer zombies became a concern , more animated than previously as if the scent of real human blood in the air gave them hunger boners which they intended to sate .
the scent followed them everywhere .
death seemed inescapable now ; the scent , the sight and the sad acceptance that it was coming to claim them , one and all .
the scent , the sensation .
wasting no time , he began sniffing the air to catch the scent of his next meal .
the moment he entered , he knew it was vacant , even the dead gods were long gone only their scent remained , as though taunting him ever deeper into the rift .
when lecynic was done with them , they fell to the earth a pile of dust , and before their dust settled , the scent of life ( or death ) filled him and the hunt began once more .
they paused only to catch lecynics scent , then they passed him by .
with dogs locked in on the scent , the trail seemed to head in this direction .
again , when police arrived , he was gone , but this time , the dogs picked up a scent .
i heard once that the dogs ca n't pick up the scent in water . ''
there 's another stream close by we can use to lose our scent . ''
she was hungry , her stomach grumbled , and the scent of the pastrami sandwich in her brief case called for her .
bob shoved past me , roaring and growling , the scent of his musky coat heavy in my nose .
thought i could cover my scent with grease and dirt .
it must be because she carries their scent .
the air smelled of damp earth and rotting garbage , but there was also something else : the scent of death .
as i worked , the scent of foul flesh intensified .
i was inclined to believe it was nothing but a pile of wood , until a strong breeze blew against our windows , carrying with it the unmistakable scent of dead flesh , even stronger and more noxious than the one coming from vals wound .
the floor less sticky , but the scent significantly worse .
even though he d taken the prisoners breakfast order , del had nt been prepared for the scent of bacon .
i now know what one particular scent was .
i d describe their scent as a combination of the stink in the air which comes into a car window when driving by an old sewage plant on a very hot day , combined with a rotted corpse .
what the thing lacked by the way of visual esthetics , it more than made up for with regard to scent .
the killer was not likely to spy a handful of footprints beneath six hands of grass , not when the scent of horse sweat was so thick in the air .
beneath the scent of bleach and ammonia , a mixture of caustic chemicals that burned her throat as she made a cup of coffee , there was that unmistakable sour smell she had long associated with her workplace .
he followed the scent , his eyes closed , led by the delicious aroma until he came closest to it , at the front door .
all of it was wrenched cruelly from him when he awoke , the scent of something foul and sour thick in his sinus cavity .
and , he realized , that he smelled the same tangy , acrid scent of the dirt he had noticed at the town cemetery .
and if you do nt know nine months from that full moon night in september when you and she came in way past curfew and i knew all what had gone on by the look in her eyes and the scent on her skin , then you re a damned fool .
the scent of electricity filled the air as rawlins started to take the humans energy .
while he loved his birthplace and cheering on celtic , he knew edinburgh like a lover knows the scent of their beloved .
approaching the vics , his heart started pounding , beating out of his chest , as his nose picked up a long - forgotten scent , waking the animalistic part of his brain , causing it to sit up , sniff the air and roar in fury .
monroe would never forget the unmistakable scent .
this particular scent could only be described as sex in the morning overlaid with something burnt , sickeningly sweet .
this scent was exactly the same as what he d smelled finding alice murdered on that day .
almost like the scent of an old library or musty attic .
reaching up to wipe it off , she smelled the tang of salt , copper , and something elsethe scent of the ocean .
seeing her standing there , riveted to the floor , watching him , his nostrils flared , catching her scent as he stalked towards her .
catching her scent , he almost came on the spot her knees slammed together .
both silent , lost in thought , emily watched the winter afternoon light casting shadows across the highlands , then she caught a scent , swore she smelled gardenias .
she thought about the power of memoryof scent .
shed bet she could find colin in the dark by his scent alone .
the seconds ticked byhe smelled emily and something elsehe knew the scent from somewhere but could nt quite place it .
and you have nt told me why there s female vampire scent all over you .
why is there the scent of a vampire on your dirty clothes ?
lucy silently thanked god that her grandmother had nt asked how shed paid for the dressbut then she realized her grandmother was interrogating her about there being vampire scent on her clothes .
even through the stench of the garbage and rot of the alley , the scent he d left on her flowed through the rancid air to delia , and the meaning of it shot straight through her nervous system and mind , and cracked her heart .
gabriels scent was all over the girl .
it was nt just lust , for that scent had waned during their battle in the alley .
she knew without knowing that his thirst for her blood , and his attraction to her and to her very scent , was overwhelmingjust being in the confined space of the car with her , even with gabriel there , was almost unbearable .
` ` they 'll just need to pick up a scent when we get started . ''
it 'll make the dogs ' job harder since it could wash away scents , but otherwise they 'll probably enjoy it .
anyway , after the pheasants , the dogs caught another scent and just tore off like the devil himself was chasing them .
you would nt dare , she hissed at me , and i inhaled deeply , taking in the scent of fear pouring off of her .
wind whipped my hair back from my face , and if only i was nt suffocating and nearly choking from the scent of death magic , i could enjoy the fresh air of the night .
with the scent of blood permeating the air , i hissed and gulped down the hot sweet life - force of the human .
only the scent of fresh vampire blood hitting me like a fist to the gut snapped me back to reality .
especially given that they were under a eucalyptus tree , ever - present scent and all .
as he approached , the scent of old spice and tobacco pushed out before him like a pressure wave off the bow of a boat .
the scent was reminiscent of the odor inside of uncle vincents mystery room : death and decay , both old and putrid .
the scent of burnt oil and scorched steel was almost noxious .
the smell overcame the faint scent of his leather gloves .
his nostrils were filled with the scent of diesel .
fane and vad continued walking aimlessly , sniffing the air as if they had caught to scent of something important but could nt place its location .
diseases are passed by scent , vasile explained , at least , i think , most of them are .
she wanted to inhale the scent of her sex till she got her fill .
the scent of her pussy clawed its way up to rons face making him want to fuck her all the harder .
a faint scent began to register to him while he sat there , the smallest suggestion of rot , death and decay .
the scent remained , and he recalled that earlier in the day , when he was leaving the restaurant with ashleigh and her friends after dinner , that there had been a small dead sparrow lying next to the door of the restaurant .
the scent had carried up to all of them as they left , but since the bird had just recently died , the reek of decay had nt become very powerful yet .
the shaman came close , and i could smell the smell of death upon him , the leopard skin that he used to cover himself with reeked of the scent of corpses .
not a scent .
she saw them catch the scent of the dead bodies and stiffen , unconsciously lifting their wooden bats - turned - stakes and holding them at the ready .
the distinctive smell of kerosene mingled with their sweat , and over it all , hovered the elusive scent of fear .
she smelled the putrid scent of cooked chicken and vegetables .
with no eyes to see us , the creature relied on scent and sound to locate its prey .
he was fearful of helen because her scent had been dramatically altered .
then he sniffed the air and picked up the ham smell and the new helen scent .
he sneezed from the scent and stepped back to reevaluate the situation .
maybe it did nt have my full scent , he said nervously .
it caught a whiff of my scent .
frederick guessed the novelty of such dominion had worn off sometime around the advent of colored film , and the subsequent memories had been washed over by the effervescent and cloying scent of money .
the thought rolled through his mind of the many predators that 'd passed him by in the darkness : his strange , cloying scent on the end of a forking , trembling tongue , or the warbling essence of a breeding sickness dwelling deep down and unknown .
william had witnessed the rites of demons before ; he knew the scent of the depths .
the scent of scorched flesh reached her , enveloped her .
if john were living , if shed just come into their bedroom and found the sheets like this with a strange female scent wafting off in all directions , she would have been mad as hell .
until this very moment the encounter had disappeared from her mind , but now like a recognized but lost scent , it was back .
and terri was still as far away this very night , with the scent of murder and corruption in the air , as shed been the night patsy had seen her bloody shoe resting on the asphalt .
i breathe regularly , but deeper and deeper with each intake , to try and get used to the horrible scent .
` ` farhan said taking his scent out .
she caught scent of the blood .
the room was filled with the scent of sizzling meat .
his clothes were damp and the scent of molded wood and overturned earth clogged his throat .
was he actually close behind , tracking her by sound or scent like some untamed thing ?
she could smell his sweat and buried deep in that odor was the scent of his fear .
the odor of blood permeated the scent of the crab and crawdad gumbo stewing on the stove .
leave the car near the pier so he can pick up her scent .
seeing the stains , blood rust , smelling the inhuman scent , which left him doubled at the waist- heaving .
they gave off a heavy sickening scent .
lorz could smell the heavy scent .
the director thought he saw the young mans wide nostrils quivering like a horses as in response to her scent .
she smelled good , peck replied , lifting his head as if catching a scent .
the girl did nt respond , but her head lifted slightly and her nostrils flared as if she were catching a scent .
he almost gagged at the putrid stench rising from the body , and had pulled his shirt over his nose to block the scent .
at any moment , one of them could catch his scent , and he would be screwed , with nowhere left to run .
he listened for a moment and inhaled deeply , searching for the scent of rot .
the zombie had nt caught his scent yet .
the monster whipped its head around , teeth bared , nostrils flaring as it tried to capture his scent .
she took a deep breath , drawing in the scent , savoring it .
juan smelled of death , but under that there was a very bad scent too .
he sniffed the air again and stomped loudly through the garbage trying to pick up the scent once more .
both had been attracted by the scent of blood .
chariah could smell the exposed brains and dreams along with the scent of his nemesis in the bedchamber at the end of the hall .
not only had the oneirophage left trails of blood , dreams , and severed limbs in ten directions , but he had spread his scent and sprayed his venom down all eight corridors and along both staircases as well .
from time to time they were visited by pestilentia , empress of insects , who had followed the scent of opium and opium trances alike , the sickly sweet sugars of sperm and milk , and the stench of freshly severed limbs to the garden planet .
` ` begone , virulent one , '' drelrei commanded , and pestilentia flew back into the cosmos amidst a cacophonous buzzing of wings and a high - pitched chirping of curses , heading back towards whatever planet she 'd been ravaging before being distracted by the scent of their ceremony , or perhaps retreating to her mysterious darkhive , or the clandestine , cabalistic , fabled lair of her reclusive lover , lord panzebub , the location of which was known to none save the insect kingdom and omniscient satan in hell below .
she turned on her heels and ran for the front door , but had not gone more than three steps when the cloying scent disappeared without trace .
if they caught his scent , it would be all for naught .
then he understood what the scent was .
ivan sniffed at the air again , and he picked up a scent that had grown all too familiar that day .
and it was no longer than five minutes after he passed the gate , smiling , waving goodbye to the guards , that he smelled the coppery scent of blood .
the road opened up , and satan led torque 's nose to the overwhelming scent .
the vile scent of human excrement lingering in a small , confined space for a long period of time .
i m guessing most of the abnormals made their way toward the scent of food , but lets stick together and go room by room anyway .
the group movement , which looked coordinated , could have only been them all catching the whiff of a scent all at once .
i had no idea if her scent could be detected by the zombies , but the wind was blowing from the direction of the house , so things still looked good for our little operation at this point .
somewhere air tight where they ca nt be detected through scent .
with the warm blood running from our arms in rivulets , dropping onto the worn porchs wood slats , the wind carried the scent to the creatures , and now they had all turned toward us .
if we start seeing them snared , we know they re onto our scent .
and besides all that , you ve showed us conclusively that their brains are not only registering scent , which made sense , but now the sight of us makes them hungry .
so each spinning exhaust had a sliding hatch beneath it to close it off and prevent our scent from escaping , drawing any zombies to us .
it was palpable , like a putrid scent in the air or a low - hanging mist would be impossible to ignore .
he felt unclean and no matter how hot the water was or how hard he scrubbed he just could n't get that damn female 's scent off of him .
his canines started to come out and he could smell the sour metallic scent of josh 's blood from the other side of his door .
i might have ridden out the changes , but then weisenthal 's men caught my scent .
he was no longer a young man who could toss them off one after the other , the way he had when he had been an officer on leave in berlin in ` ` 39 , when the scent of victory had been in the air and everywhere you heard the fuehrer 's voice , saw his blazing , commanding eyes '' the boy ... the cursed boy !
throw the lambs off our scent .
the scent of tiger comes and goes like a dream of wind in the desert , he said .
i drew in the scent of his skin , trying to use the scent of wolf to loosen the sensation in my gut that something solid was down there .
i drew in the scent of his skin , trying to use the scent of wolf to loosen the sensation in my gut that something solid was down there .
it brought the scent of tiger again .
i knew the scent of his skin , but it was nt enough .
shang - das power and jamils hit me almost at once , and i was suddenly drowning in the scent of wolf .
micah always smelled that way , but nathanielhis scent changed .
damians scent changed .
the scent of him tightened things low in my body , and bound this tight i could n't hide it .
jasmine was the scent of the mother of all darkness , but she was dead , her body destroyed by the mercenaries the vampire council had hired to do the job .
my beast liked the scent of the leopard touching belle , and we liked belle .
it was the scent of the mother of all darkness .
i sensed energy as if i were standing in the middle of the sun - burnt grass with that hot light beating down on me , and over all the scent of cat and fur ; lions .
i smelled sun - burnt grass , dust , and the rich scent of lion .
i was drowning in the scent of fur , the feel of flesh .
it was how i always found him by scent , as if wherever he was he smelled of the wolf pack 's land .
that spark that was jamil 's beast reacted to the scent of fresh blood and gave a surge of heat .
as far as i could tell the blood was cleaned up , though as we passed the place where noel had bled out i caught the sharp scent of bleach .
she drew in the scent of us , because we both smelled like home .
did they smell it , the way a bloodhound smells a scent ? ''
if that creature , man or beast or whatever it is , goes hunting this month , the dogs will pick up its scent , the rev .
god was as relentless as a bloodhound on a fresh scent .
why ca n't you lose my scent ?
smelling old spice and the metallic scent of her own fear .
he extended a hand to the dog , and lad sniffed gratefully at the scent of its master on the glove .
the scent was terrible .
he stopped obediently , but his power slapped out at mine , and my nostrils flared with the scent of him .
i smelled the thick , heavy , heat - washed scent of lion .
she wanted more of his scent on us , more of his skin on us .
i drew in a bigger breath , and smelled soap and af tershave , and under that the nose - tickling scent of lion .
mister dillon walked slowly , smelling at everything , but the only time he really perked and turned , the scent he 'd caught took him on a beeline to ennis 's gremlin .
the men had no doubt at all that he had caught ennis 's scent , good and strong .
i 'd seen hunting dogs behave that way when they ran across the scent of something big in the woods nearby ?
it was from this direction that the puffs of scent dispersed by the flapping door had come .
there was no one in the halfway leading down to the left , but the dog caught a much stronger scent coming from that direction , one that caused its stomach to cramp with terrible longing .
something in the bitchmaster 's scent had changed .
as it did , some strange and unidentifiable scent came to it .
there was danger in that scent ... almost certainly - danger .
it 's got your scent .
the woods lay silent all about them , breathing their sour urgent scent of green .
` ` they just have to follow the scent , '' he said .
they track any scent . ''
it made me move toward him , sniff the air near him , try to clear my nose of donny 's closer , warmer scent .
then another scent and my blue tigress rose and began to pace with the others .
my wolf sniffed the air back , as if she were catching his scent , too .
the scent of his wolf was stronger this way ; it made my wolf trot faster up that invisible path .
i breathed in the scent of him , and down the long metaphysical cord , i smelled another wolf , several other wolves .
their scents came with me , not the sight , but then for a wolf , smell is more real than sight .
it 's one of the reasons that wolves are n't bothered by hauntings , unless there 's a scent to go with it .
but this close to him , i could smell the sweet pungent scent of leopard .
my fear had made it good odds that one or more of my beasts would rise ; the scent of his leopard had chosen who it would be .
the warm scent of wolf and richard was there over the long miles .
and when antelopes start away from a waterhole , alerted by that dusty - rug scent of approaching death , the cats can observe which one falls to the rear of the pack , maybe because it has a lame leg , maybe because it is just naturally slower ... or maybe because its sense of danger is less developed .
i think it also manipulates , and leaves its marks on people just by the nature of what it is - the way you can smell a skunk on you even after a long bath , if it lets go its bag of scent too near you .
it was a fact that she simply knew : it was in the scent that came from his pores , something utterly primitive that her own glands could respond to .
any of these seven alone would have been its meat and drink , and if they had not happened to come together , it surely would have picked them off one by one , drawn by the quality of their minds just as a lion might be drawn to one particular waterhole by the scent of zebra .
it filled the car with sweet , sickish scent .
i let the can drop to the floor , and then looked out the glass column of the front door again , seeing slower , shuffling dead ambling down the main road , following the scent of the living .
i smelled sherman , the scent of a man , and that he still smelled of the soap and shampoo he 'd used that day .
i smelled saliva , and it was n't the same scent as sherman .
i needed the scent of the animal , not the person .
i followed that faint scent the way you 'd follow a path that you found in the woods .
i stumbled back from the evidence , the scent , memphis .
i fought to keep my attention on the weretigers in front of me , but they had picked up on my ... body language , tension , maybe even my scent had changed .
were they picking up his scent or his emotion ?
except the scent did n't hit my nose .
can something have a scent that hits your brain but not your nose ?
the white tigress and the black paced closer to the surface , opening their mouths in that grimace / growl , so they could taste the scent on the tops of their mouths where the jacobson organ is located .
` ` you smell like wolf , '' rick said , and he grimaced , either trying to get a better scent or not enjoying what he was smelling .
on a tiger face , it was tasting the scent ; on a human face , it was disgust .
he drew in the scent of the black tiger inside me , like a cat trying to roll in catnip .
you smelled his scent . ''
` ` we know that wereanimals can smell our scent , which is why we 're paying attention to the prevailing winds , '' hooper said .
if they 'd truly been animals , we could have used things to disguise our scent , but if we smelled strongly of something weird , they 'd know it was all wrong .
if this was him , i wanted the scent of him to stay with me , because there was a chance that i might be able to track him through his own power , if he would just give me a little more of it .
the faint , hot wind gusted and brought the scent of bowels and bile , too strong .
i do n't know if she brings death , or if death follows her , but it 's there , like a scent . ''
the scent of the man - the feel of the man - had led to this place and then stopped .
it was not a scent that told him ; it was a deep sense of heat that had come out of his own deep and mortal time , a glowing pocket of heat to the west of him .
in those shadows , with the scent of that long - dead sex - musk in her nose , it was too easy to imagine the dark man standing just behind her , his twisted coathanger in hand .
the night wind whispered past him , seeming to bring him a scent .
the towns were huddled lumps , deserted except for the rats and the cats and the deer that had already begun to creep in from the forests as the scent of man washed away .
` ` he had a scent , that 's all . ''
even kojak ate only a small serving before going off to investigate some scent .
trooper hamilton was very big on asking mamma if she believed this when he was on the scent of something juicy .
' are you on the scent , officer ? '
the mark on me , and the scent of wolf , and jake keeping me safe .
it began to overwhelm the scent of the accelerant .
i could suddenly smell their skin , half a dozen different perfumes , someone 's sweet shampoo , the sharp scent of cigarettes , aftershave .
it was as if all my senses were narrowed down to scent and touch and vision .
what we gave him back was the scent of their skin , the finger brush along a collar , a dozen different aftershaves , twenty different perfumes , from powdery sweetness to an herbal cleanness that was almost bitter .
my leopard rose to that scent .
there 's no scent to this . ''
this has no scent , it 's not real . ''
if we dashed across to my scout and piled in , they would get no human scent .
` ` but suppose they 're attracted to some other scent ? ''
not without the scent of prey .
` ` your theory about scent , '' amanda said .
' we can pick up their scent again , if you want , ' penschley said .
they had n't bothered to make a sound until he actually stepped into the circle of the campfire , although they surely must have caught his scent before then .
he did n't like their scent or their sound ; he did n't like the odd heat that seemed to emanate from them .
cujo looked at the boy , not recognizing him any more , not his looks , not the shadings of his clothes ( he could not precisely see colors , at least as human beings understand them ) , not his scent .
if a dog could kill a scent , cujo would have killed this one .
` ` not quite sure how it works , but you put a few of those rocks outside and they 'll get rid of any scent .
he 'd never been so hungry in his life and he relished the scent of the people inside the small beach homes as he passed them .
most likely , they would catch mike 's scent as human again .
mostly , though , he smelled the scent of human flesh .
just a few minutes ago , i 'd recognized the scent of the man i could n't quite see .
she 'd covered her hands with earth , as i had , to try to mask our human scent .
no , not when he caught the scent of the young one .
they have n't caught her scent , and they 're limping around in their random jerky way .
they felt sorry for bobby , but it was the only way to throw the police off the scent .
this expedient , a sack of aniseed or somesuch dragged across the countryside for a scent in lieu of genuine vermin , was often employed in the absence of decent game , or to appease protestors .
when the scent and silence combined , it was hard to remember that you were in the city .
it was of serious concern that if al spider and the valley barn gang got hold of the dollops and scents in the reserve bank , the dollops and scents could end up as being toxic assets and throw the whole western insect economy into depression .
louie had his governor of the reserve bank thinking - cap on and could see that sir cada would draw out the dollops and scents to pay for the tunnel , then whoever built the tunnel would receive the dollops and scents as payment and put it back in the reserve bank !
but my scent changes century to century , i m not surprised you do nt remember me .
his nose twitched as he caught wind of a strong scent .
he s mighty fast with a gun , and meaner than a skunk that s lost his scent .
the claim jumper 's dogs had just caught the scent and they set off such a racket and went into such a frenzy that no amount of clicking or yelling by the claim jumper could stop them from charging up the hill to mitch 's fire .
i tried to shake my head , but it was pointlessmoo had my scent and she was on the hunt for information .
the scent of her coffee lured me into a sitting position .
his usual scent had altered somewhat with sleep , sweat , andyes , fire smoke .
well , if you keep standing out there , he said , the leeches will catch your scent and crawl right up out of the water and onto the rock to get you !
i could identify that scent from a block away because it was my dads favorite after - shave .
you thought your disguises would throw people off the scent , that nobody would ever know the real nature of your plan , to destroy the olympic park , not for treasure , but as part of a sick campaign of terror .
ill get you a stronger scent next time !
he did nt reply , too engrossed in finding a scent .
he began snorting , hovering up the damp air , trying to pick up a scent .
as for the sniffing , duncan was hoovering up the room through his kiwi hooter so hard , it was as if he thought he could work out what had just happened by scent alone .
but , by concentrating on artemis 's policy , they were throwing themselves off the scent .
he showered away the scent of the animal forest , and admired his still buff body and manly abundance in the full - length mirror .
regaining the scent he shot off to join the growing party , not thinking to take a bottle of wine and a cake .
he 's thrown everyone off the scent and he still has the emerald ring .
but beneath them was one all - pervasive smell , and that was the saline tang of the sea , the scent that grounded and supported all the other smells of mumbai , no matter how they struggled and fought amongst themselves for olfactory dominance .
his nose was aligned the way free - range swine tilt their snouts skyward when testing the air for the scent of rotting flesh , except he was seeking , inevitably , a dinner and then - who knows ?
then her scent , a common enough corner - pharmacy bought toiletry , mingled with her own bakery - fresh body odor , visited his nostrils and almost drove him wild .
as the cabin filled with the acrid scent of cordite , sparks flew from the radio and set fire to the passenger seat .
i changed direction , and caught another scent .
as i got closer , i noticed a very distinct scent was attached to him .
the smell of what i endured at the hands of xaviers cowardly henchmen was still on me , but i found i was far more disturbed by the lingering scent of the human girl .
i awoke to darkness , the scent of my own blood , and a demon towering over me .
when i returned to the vampire world , the scent of death was heavy in the air .
that recent un report is throwing everyone off his scent .
maurice now remembered clearly the kate of old never one to let anything get in her way when the scent was strong enough .
but big lyndon was too hot on the scent to be deflected by the memory of past embarassments and it would take more than a folklore switch to get them out of this one .
likes to pretend that he s steve martin ( to throw the paparazzi off the scent ) .
hannibal pulled his fist back to land it with a jarring right to joels head , a left slammed into his right cheek and he reeled back , the crowd roared as the scent of the kill reached their nostrils .
once they were outside , candy had the freedom to let go of her nose and allow the fresh summer air to wash away the hobos scent .
i savor the scent of it .
candy could nt breathe , and what little air she managed to gasp in came with the strong scent of blood on it .
the insects must ve had an attraction to the polish or at least the scent of it .
if somehow they had been left behind to guard the place then they would pick up his scent and come investigating before ten minutes was up .
he was like a domineering father , who beats his wife and terrorises his children because he can , but who stands in awe of a uniform , a rule book , the scent of wealth .
had he not been in such a hurry and decided to take a quick look round the house , he would have picked up the scent of a recently smoked cigarette .
they walked fast with their heads down as if sniffing out a scent .
daves mind working overdrive as usual was focusing on the irony of the scent .
on revealing the scent to his mother , dave received what he noted down as critical commentary , with a possibility of purchase .
he could nt help but feel that none of this would nt be happening if big nick had nt thrown him off the scent with this ridiculous notion of balance .
before the wink had rounded off the sentence , she was out of the room , up the stairs and revelling in the scent of her conditioner .
like the scent of a mailman hitting canine olfactory bulbs , that tickled my travel nose and i headed to taliaferro 's .
and then he caught the scent of the skunk and stuck his nose on the cage .
i guess the dog can hold a grudge even though he was only taken hostage by kirk and hooters girl for a couple of weeks before his somewhat unexpected return to leannies home , a bit worse for the wear carrying with him the underlying scent of skunk .
it would do nothing to change his fateonce the beast had your scent , there was no hope left for youit was for the village .
she knows the scent .
a scent she knew was just for her .
jim dixon ah he told us about your little game to try to throw him off the scent of this job .
the building the first 50 or so zombies in the horde passed us before one must have sniffed our scent or heard laura lee yelling at me not to come near her until i washed up , got a haircut , and a new passport photo .
a faint scent of burning paper .
the klumps mysteries season one , episodes one through seven episode 1 , murder at the diner episode 2 , the painting episode 3 , the mole episode 4 , the warehouse episode 5 , counting the bodies episode 6 , travis and chester episode 7 , follow the scent by dl cook the klumps mysteries season one .
if he stood up too quickly it would draw suspicion to the problem , but if he waited too long , the scent threatened to give him away .
but it put our guys off the scent , and got me nothing but bad jokes about voices from beyond the grave . ''
he wanted cologne both to add to his allure and because it could be useful to have people remember you by one scent while you changed to another but cologne was one of those things that made airport security screeners nervous .
` ` the sound , the cold , the scent of the rain ... . '' kourano saw that she had lost it , broken , in remorse .
try to do this prior to one of you fucking her or you will either taste condom or your friends cock remnants and the bleach - like scent of jism .
the scent of booze on your breath will lead the officer to believe that you are an ordinary joe and hate your family , which is why you were up most of the night drinking .
a scent i never would have smelled and an experience i never would have had were it not for her .
she recognized the scent from having filmed on farms , and it completed her transference to a different world .
but now they 're more focused on scent and hooking the old man 's pre - teen son , rather than replacing dad 's old , malted stetson , that has been sharing shelf space with hemorrhoid cream and de - fluffed q - tips since the eighties .
i followed the scent of exhaust and the roar of cars to a road .
it is the scent left behind when the spirit crosses through the veil to that other side .
i drew in the scent of that banquet that would never be eaten , and let the knowing part of my brain work things out behind the scenes , and gradually , like a dream , the thought came upon me : i was going the wrong way .
we know all the scents on the wind , the tension in the air .
yoks tongue darted in and out , checking the scent of the newcomer .
i was just wondering - have you noticed any particular scent in the waiting room ?
nice bottle , shame about the scent .
the red flare effect portrait had almost taken them off his scent but now he 'd upped the stakes ... cap with mug .
the bills had a strong scent of fish , probably because the kid had been cleaning out the fish tanks when evan had rung the bell beside the cash register .
after his little buddy had done his business and evan found a handy trash can , he was free to wander , pausing once in a while when a particularly juicy scent caused the dog to stop and ignore any tugs on the leash until he was good and ready .
what he did understand was the scent of blood and its reliable attraction of vultures with all manner of appetites .
as the teens all chanted this ancient word of power , they heard pages rustling , and a faint scent of bookbinders glue .
* * * by photocopying really wimpys transdimentional scent ( and separating it from his own personal stench ) , the crew established parameters on finding the universe where magic actually worked .
likeness match : 9/10 scent : cheap !
likeness match : 10/10 scent : dirty !
likeness match : 10/10 legs : short and well - shaped likeness match : 10/10 scent : 100 % lucy likeness match : 10/10 overall : the one .
a scent followed her as she walked back and forth in front of the crowd .
the paint balls loaded with commercial grade hunters ' mountain lion scent .
the scent that of an ovulating female mountain lion .
now , you ve got the scent of sheepdog on you , mboy .
he looked and saw but did not understand , not being able to read , but there was something about the doom - laden scent of the van that troubled him .
judging by what she eats , the only scent we d ever get would be semen .
likes to pretend that he 's steve martin ( ` ` to throw the paparazzi off the scent '' ) .
they throw you off the scent by filling the first few minutes with statistics and completely irrelevant information .
* * * richard brown lay in one of his fields , smothered in mud to mask his scent , cradling a new semi - automatic rifle and waiting for betsys killer to poke its head out so he could take it off .
the wind blew it straight toward him , but it had no scent .
james left the scent of the car and ran right , toward lisa .
after he examined my ankle , inspected my feet , and criticized the scent of my socks , he wrote with his magic pen , granting me a highly coveted ' soft - shoe profile . '
it was the scent of a mannish woman .
what a live - in - the - moment thrill it must be to feel the absolute urgency of following a scent , to sense the world as a network of smells , a complex circuit , to know nothing more compelling than following a lead , rubbing your nose in it , succumbing to ecstatic frottage - anything to sustain the ephemeral , the instability of attraction .
the smelly pig decides to use my suitcase as a scratching post and all i can think is that i hope the horrid scent does not transfer onto my clothes inside .
yeah i suppose everyone handles things differently , but my smoky scent was nt even out of the flat and he was having lunch with her .
looking around , i spotted the owner of the scent ; a stray dog , wandering down the street .
instinct told me to follow the scent .
two men on bicycles rode past me and i was stunned by their scent .
each scent was a little different .
it weakened the scent , though i still tasted small hints of it .
it was easier now to discern the directions to which each scent belonged .
my mind still begged for blood to quench the thirst , but the muted scent made it more bearable .
suddenly , i caught the scent of something ; a deep , musky , thick aroma with hints of warm beer and grease .
i sniffed the air , trying to discern where the scent was coming from .
the scent seemed to be coming from their direction , but i was nt interested in attempting to attack their group .
i d forgotten how strong the scent of the people around me would be .
the thick , sweet aroma of the people standing outside altered the scent .
there was no immediate scent of humans in the air , only the musky odor of a few stray cats .
i soon caught an all - too - familiar scent .
as we passed through the kitchen on the way to the living room , i could see food - speckled dishes still soaking in the sink and smell the scent of rotting garbage leaking out of a lidded trash can .
i caught the scent of it .
chapter 25 * * * * * smoke filled the air ; the scent of burning flesh surrounded us .
before placing the pads over the claws to protect them , well add a scent gland .
other cats can smell the scent and know that a yard , tree , house or chair belong to a specific cats territory .
but that was merely to throw off the scent , because only two died in their osmosis tubs in that moment .
the world formed and reformed about him , blended one incarnation with the next , like stirred images in a pond , the scents of animals caught fleetingly and confused , spoors mixed to suggest a truly extraordinary predator , the monster trailing him and his mare , outpacing them as if in the sun 's employ , a servant raised as the horse had been raised , given shape and instruction , perhaps charged with protecting the woman at the edge from odil 's wandering lion .
to run on four legs was to cover a greater swathe of ground , and through waves of speckled ferns he ran , muzzling aside branches and vaulting streams , the scent of his quarry deep in his lungs , a bear like himself that was this season 's most fearsome combatant .
it went from the stairs towards the lake some thirty feet away via a circuitous path , following , lowell believed , the scent trail laid down either by itself or by its comrades .
several times when the scent was lost it would make a circle of about a six - inch radius until it picked it up again .
the scent trail it followed was very precise and entailed going up and down blades of grass , across dead leaves at some points and under them at others , over rocks both small and large here , around them there .
in the mist they buried her , the two boys , now men , before her body could be found and burned as a witch , and they left no marker but marked the spot in their own hearts by the scent of the place , the smell and sound of running water not far off , and the shape of the light through the trees .
james struggled to resurrect the scent of her , a scent of herbs and earth .
she stood up very quietly and gently , slowly walked toward him , as if she thought he were an animal that would run if he caught her scent or any sudden movement .
so abel left quietly with his bow and arrow and stalked her in the woods , and he found a doe and stood quietly , holding his breath , hoping she would not catch his scent .
the doe ran and he lost sight of her and had to stalk her again , sniffing the crisp air for the scent of blood , which he barely detected over the sweet wood smoke that wafted far into the forest from his home .
then he saw her standing quite still at the mouth of a cave , staring at a bobcat that had been attracted by the scent of her blood , and he watched as the cat killed the doe with his heart turned to stone , fearing that it was the woman the cat killed .
what better way to throw me off the scent .
and somewhere , the scent of woodsmoke .
a stocky , short officer with a crewcut and dark eyes , square - jawed and clean - shaven , stepped into the room , followed by the scent of cologne .
stringer always waited for him on the front porch and grew very excited and began yipping the moment he caught his scent .
a scent followed him into the room , one like uncooked pastry that reminded him of youth , loneliness and manufactured dreams .
riots , violence , the scent of annes shoulder after she s gotten out of the shower .
the scent reached him at the table , waiting .
the scent of him and the scent of the flower mingled in his lungs and turned to sulphur , muck , tar .
the only smell , sulphur and his own burning flesh , and then , hints of another scent .
i know how animals depend on a sense of smell and , when lost in rough weather , frequently have no trail of scent to help find their way back home .
despite the fact that serenas flesh is nearly twenty years older than any other womans that he has been with , despite serena having gold amalgam and ceramic where once she had enamel , despite various mazes of wrinkles alongside eyes , defining cheeks , furrowing forehead , neck and knees , despite a smell around her neck and ears that is too much the mint and lavender of an old purse than the scent of a lover , despite the tectonic shift and crush having sex with a septuagenarian does to franks ego , despite franks remonstrance to self that he is a on a medicated folly , frank wants more .
a cat scratches at a litter box in a corner of the giant kitchen , adding the scent of dusty powder and ammonia to the air .
the glass partition window between the cab and the bed was smashed out so i could smell her wild cat scent right behind me .
at present , i could nt quite determine where i first encountered this industrial scent .
but the scent of rot remains pungent and ever - present .
your scent is unlike the others , grendel observed .
i still could nt assign an origin to this scent .
thou art not a bissond lym on a false scent , cobbs .
you know what happened to the man who fell in love with the scent of cucumbers , do nt you ?
rip then maneuvered his fingers up to his nose and scratched it as if he had developed a scent for itinerant characters schlepping through this wooded sanctuary .
what if my natural scent was just as disgusting to its olfactory senses as it was to mine ?
aside from a pervading scent of untidy teenagers , a more peculiar smell lingered in this corridor now .
but even this rank scent could nt float above the odors of deception permeating my mind .
i just thought i d let you know that it only makes sense for a snake smelling like cucumbers to seek out a similar scent .
he then sniffed at the air like a hound dog on the scent of a quail .
i supposed it was possible for my mind to replicate the scent , thereby making it only distinguishable to me .
now i ca nt get the glues scent out of my nose .
a scent of rotting cucumber almost caused me to gag .
be gone , and take that odiferous scent with you .
i m a - guessing that will put them off my scent for a spell .
the fetid scent was as dense as this climates humidity .
it seemed as though the scent of spoiled blood had already permeated from the managers flesh .
i could nt yet determine if i sought to shoot leon for the disgrace he caused me , but the possibility lingered in my mind like a hibernating scent .
a scent of rotten fruit and vegetables cleaved the air with an odiferous chop .
it then occurred to me that the custodian knew about the stolen gun , and he had obviously tracked me here as doggedly as a bloodhound on a quails scent .
thank you linda , said miles hurriedly , catching a brief scent of lindas usual medicinal clean smell as she bustled past him in order to attend to other matters of greater importance .
all hospitals seemed to possess a similar scent .
i ignored the washcloth folded neatly on the ledge of the sink and fished the medicine cabinet for a scent that could spur on the rising sensation .
decay , neglect , the scent of dust so thick that it turned the air silver .
there was a faint scent of gasoline from the inside of the suitcase .
if not for the targeted bombs against civilians ' of the wrong - tribe .. other - mapping coloured sector green , brown , blue , yellow , and red ... from the scene : > familial : ... death threat drug - fuelled ... < < prison - break ! ... whistle - blowing wind break taking the scent off the air , rolling down the grassy bank , jumping a passing - train : nationalism : re - vitalising ... rationalisingself - serving , presuming , before the event soft - racism quiet derogation , pre - judicial unlawful - discrimination ... ultra - nationalism ... religiosity ... bigotry ... nice try ... pre- the event , hardened ... views ... rose - tinted nostalgia : lies !
i drank you in , your scent , your vision , god i wanted you , and feared when you started to undress me that i would be done before we started !
he smelled it , the musky , almost spicy wood , the yellow pretty much odorless paint , the gray aroma of lead , the rubbery scent of the pink eraser .
ever searching , ever seeing , ever finding , ever writing , ever fleeing , ever moving on when the church hounds picked up his scent and alerted their masters to his whereabouts .
loudly to those nearby , louder still to bruno , ear pressed against the braying neck , issuing the grating howls first as rumbling earth within the thick , redolent hidehe is still in two minds about whether the strong scent is comforting or disgustingthen as hissing forth through windpipe and maw , then out into air as scream .
then she caught up with herself and hoped that this annoyanceand really , it was nothing , just a scent , a trace , of it , not the real thingshe hoped that it had nt reached her face .
she was also aware of that sterile scent that s more of an atmosphere than a smell and which you find in hospitals .
and the warm neck called him , and her scent called him , and the tendrils called him , and the cave called him , and he knew not where to turn .
: : 2 : : harry caught his first heightened scent of the season that morning .
he had stepped out into the cool morning to save the paper before the sprinklers got to it , and as he bent down for the loosely stringed los angeles times he caught it , as if the scent had been standing in wait for him , right there , and now suddenly moved to reveal itself .
then he too caught the scent .
probably for the last day , thought harry , for once his scent arrived , the first incident was never far off .
as he stepped out of the garage and he sniffed the air once , then again ; and of courseas if he needed confirmationhis scent was back too .
at the first sign of oncoming seasonnormally her scent intensifying , though sometimes her hearing , and some seasons even her eyesight ( subtle , that one , creeping up on you like that ) she would calmly finish off what she was doing : days work , visit , shopping , whatever , then go home , get her already prepared backpackat the ready since mid - february : food , books , medical supplies , gun , ammunition , clothes , sleeping bag , thermal blanket , and other needed odds and endslock her apartment ( after making doubly , triply sure shadow was nt inside ) , get on her bike , and head for the san bernardino mountains .
very much as the next season approached , or more like attackedher scent exploded from normal to amazing in a matter of hoursher immediate impulse was to flee .
: though it had yet to manifest , she could feel her scent approaching .
and continued : according to witnesses , a white male in his thirties , apparently in early heat , had caught the scent of a black female and was tracking her when he was attacked from behind by a teenage black man , not much more than a boy , also apparently tracing the womans scent .
and continued : according to witnesses , a white male in his thirties , apparently in early heat , had caught the scent of a black female and was tracking her when he was attacked from behind by a teenage black man , not much more than a boy , also apparently tracing the womans scent .
he could feel his scent intensifying almost by the minute , filling him with a finer and finer texture of evening .
he closed his eyes , and by scent alone could locate the various things in his living room : in a way he saw the various things in the room via odor : vixer , of course , by the front door , like a little odor weather system , hard to miss .
he breathed them , sifted them , sorted them : the flowers from the trees from urine from dogs from cats from garbage from insects from grass , ground , earth , water , rust on those garage door hinges , searching all that time for that very special , for that very telling scent : the here i am , honey , waiting for you , waiting for you , come , take me .
following the scent , fletcher turned down mace place .
there was no hiding , not with this damn scent , and no way of turning it off either .
it was the scent , not the view , that drove them .
his scent was , if not a whole lot , at least noticeably sharper .
he could even tell by scent there was a cat not far from his back door , prowling for something to eat , or chase , or kill .
but more than smelland this was an oddity with him : normally hearing was not much affected by the storm , what mostly altered was the scent , of course , and sight , and to some degree tastehis hearing had sharpened considerably , for not only could he smell the cat , but the sounds of soft paws and nimble legs making their way into his back yard also reached him loud and clear .
my scent is stirring .
wanting it badly , her scent boiling with heat .
while the room shuddered with scent .
as she worked the lock and chain to free her motor bike she noticed , too , that her scent had improved , considerably .
exchanging good wishes , that sort of thing , all the while the range and depth of harrys scent kept improving : alice in accounting was dangerously close to heat , he could tell .
his scent was close to peak .
his scent , even at peak , never reached those levels , but it was certainly headed in that direction .
also , mrs . yuthey had moved in about three months agowas definitely in heat as well , he could smell her through her closed , and most likely locked doorsthey really should consider scent proofing their basement , if they could afford it , this woman was broadcasting loudly .
his rising scent not so much intensified his sense of smell as added three or four additional senses , at least that is how it felt .
he knew that dogs eyesight was nt the best , but at this rate , who would need eyes , you saw just as well , better , actuallyand with more detailin this world of scent .
and again he wished that it could stay this way , always , simply this , this extra dimension ( though it felt like more than one ) , this sense of knowing so much more about everything through their constant evaporation of some essence he would interpret as scent .
vixers less and less subtle attempts at making himself known finally registered with harry and he stepped up to the gate to let him out , parting the universe of scent as he went .
he found his human pleased and happy with his rekindled scent , happy with the many colors of smell , not at all upset .
and then , well , by scent , of course , found his way to the female ward .
you do nt have the scent blocked ?
no , the state never approved the funds for scent proofing .
i m nearly tenting now , and scent is here as well now .
were thinking of scent proofing it next year .
she thanked the secretary for his helphe tried anywayturned , and headed out of lapds downtown hq ; and now , to complicate matters , disturbingly aware of scents .
she needed her annual delayer , and she needed it as soon as possible , by her rapidly improving scent .
baudelaire was gone too , done with his recital , though harry could still smell her hair , the blond willows hair which he had not been close enough to discern , but which he nevertheless could conjure the scent of .
she could trace no scent , none whatever , which , now that she considered it , did nt add up .
she could not believe what her nose did not detect : not a single scent , no emanation whatever from either of the three .
she wanted to ask about their scent , or lack of it , but perceived that this question would possibly cross the unspoken line .
to return to an earth free of bunkers and spas and scent proofing panels .
his friend tested the air with his nose , nostrils quivering a little , as if sifting for scent .
harman - karman was surprised to see that it was carried by a young woman , dressed as a man ; in the very early stages of heat , by her scent .
chien yung poured tea for both of them , while his sister more or less evaporated as far as harman - karman could make out , still leaving her shadow of scent on the air .
and took in their scent , partly desert partly ocean .
instead she worked to repress her own internal waves , which suddenly had sprung aliveand with clawsfighting the scents that now reached her from the other side of the glass wall of men who were as close to heat as she felt .
again , he noticed how the sheer force of focus kept the river of scent at bay , held the storm at arms length .
he had done it often enough in the past , selecting the one scent , the one strand of river , the one direction of current , and then , having chosen , filtered out all others as so much static and simply pursued .
and closer still to its source the trace grew tongues , told of needs and desires and soft and tender caring , and of invitations , and of loneliness , and of hopes , and of threats too of others possibly homing in on the same yearning , yes within a hundred or so yards you could tell , you would know whether the scent , the trail , the tendril was shared by others , and that s where you had to make your choice : drop it or fight .
often , though , there were no others , there was only the one source , the one siren , calling the one hunter , conjuring in his mind ( and conjuring , he had more than once noted in his journal , is the precise word , for the image produced by the tendril was not the image of the actual female emitting , but your image of the female you want to be emitting , and often as not these two images were in wild conflict ) : the lonely , lovely , seductively dressed , mysteriously inviting , always willing woman closer and closer , and there , perhaps stepping out of a car , perhaps looking out a window , perhaps walking toward you , even , perhaps , running away from you , there she was and now , you re that close and emitting tendrils , thick as tentacles , of your own , reaching for , reaching , snaring , and now like a fly - fisher with a glistening , laughing trout on the line , you begin to reel her in , and all you see is whom you want to see , and she is all that her scent portrayed , for you supply all the details , and perhaps she sees you the way she dreams you to be , though sometimes ( which is why he s convinced that women see better than men in these circumstances ) she sees you for what you are , as not necessarily her dreamed and longed mate , and parts of her change her mind , or tries to change her mind quite desperately , but can not , for your line is too strong , and too taut , and her need is too fundamental .
the other two hunters were clearly keeping an eye on each other ( likely following the same scent ) , neither noticing him , for which he was grateful .
had not the image of alwyn moore served to shield out her competition , he would likely have taken up pursuit , too : the scent evoked a luscious woman in her early thirties , simply writhing with the need to .
instead he kept an alert eye out for other hunters , while trying to ignore the constant shifts of scent , calling , calling , calling him and his warm erection , throbbing mildly , with a sweet touch of pain .
i can , for example , scent four , no five , dogs from here .
scenting , looking around , testing the air again , and suddenly harman - karman realized that alwyn moore , of course , was emanating , spreading scent around .
like a shimmer , a distant scent .
that s what he thought anyway , although more like scent than rustle he wrote , too , in his journal .
then he hobbled a few steps , stopped , sampled the air again , and found her scent .
other scents : other needs : grittingly from behind , breathingly from his left , urgently from farther left , rapidly from ahead , in the direction of .
and each on the same scent , no question about it .
a regular team picking up alwyns scent and now come to investigate and assess the possibilities .
she was more like a child in my arms than a woman ( though her scent begged to differ , and i had trouble fending off the flood ) ; then the tide returned and she was all woman again .
like a hunting - dog catching a scent .
and at the thought of alwyn it was as if the memory of flame singed the scent , for it withdrewslightly alarmed , startled , wary suddenly : was this non - moving man going to combust on us ? then only gradually returned , tree by tree .
he sensed againnot by scent or hearing , more by projection and permeationthe house where the tree - lover lived , the apartment where the other one did .
now , though , these same scents spoke of nothing but pursuit and impending death .
its echo was grandiose and daring , its scent foul , albeit liberating ; yet she knew that this majestic gastrointestinal call to nature would also give away their position to those who were tracking her .
what results is a species of creature that can not conceptualize the possibility that sound and smell are separate entities , despite its ability to discriminate between the exactitudes of pitch , timbre , tone , scent , and flavor to an alarming degree of precision .
he s got the scent now .
immediately , she noticed a scent that had come to define , in her mind , dianes homea blend of two odors , actually : the sharp trace scent of burnt leaf and a faintly putrid underlying odor of old garbage .
piper recognized the scent of it right away .
as she stood there , he caught her scent .
and then the scent of burning meat .
it is as though the scent comes from within her , as though her natural odor were not the human stink but rather a smell as clean and clear as sea air .
the scent of fried fish is now mixed in as well .
several times one of these black insects has alighted on her head , excited , perhaps , by the scent of her scalp .
she follows the scent of money .
tempted to touch it , ethan stopped his hand , worrying that his scent would cause the mother to abandon the fawn , if the mother had not already done just that .
a barking in the distance alerted him to the possibility of the dog trailing him , to throw it off the scent he decided to climb up off the ground and travel to a different spot .
its tongue tasted her scent .
i thought that hiding right here , in plain sight , might have thrown him off the scent .
harley fumes waft our way , mixed with the scent of a dozen joints burning as one from the throng surrounding us , and the cops not paying it any mind .
i do nt recognize the scent .
i can smell it , as can they , and the scent drives the pack wild .
leon : these disease - ridden creatures were following fast , chasing the scent of my blood , and i was petrified .
though she embraced the wild , she was still a woman , soon to be the great mother of man , and she must carry a woman 's scent .
the sun had not yet risen and there was no scent of her lover .
kane , whom she knew through his touch and his scent , must be soothed .
it was as if she were marking off the events on a notepad in her mind : boarded the train , went to prison , walking to my cell though she felt nothing , she did notice that everything in the prison had fallen to neglect : all around , the paint was peeling , and water dripped from the ceiling into little puddles or drizzled down the wall ; everything metal was tarnished with rust , and there was a dank mildew smell covered only slightly by the scent of ammonia and bleach .
the kitten was creeping around on the floor in a crouch , head bobbing like it was loose , nose devouring every scent that had ever crossed the tile .
it smelled strange , almost familiar , but i could nt place the scent .
harry quickly reversed his direction and doubled his speed , but still the cyclone followed , moving over the prairie of barren mind ground like a predatory animal that had his scent and was intent upon a kill .
where were the open stores with their bored clerks and their short hours and their hodge - podge of merchandise and their scent of impending death ?
the shock of her scent , the power of the close contact , triggered a new wave of desire and need .
the scent of thick floor polish stung my palate , already dry and rancid from a poor night of sleep .
this would mean that your handicap would constantly be in flux , rising and dipping with form , always keeping the scent of glory within your reach .
there were a number of wattle trees down the back yard , which gave off a remarkable scent .
from her lips , to her posture , to her scent , everything about this woman was supremely seductive .
he combed his hair and dabbed some english leather cologne on his neck but thought better of it and washed the sharp scent away as best he could .
i would bury my face in the rumpled bedsheets , would feed on the scent of her .
she had a strong scent , an ex - lover once told her it was like a drug that both angered and intoxicated him ; likewise , bettina was both ashamed and proud of it .
it was one of the only moments during the day that she consciously recognized the disadvantages of single life , one of them being an awareness of your own scent .
this was not unusual behavior for manuel , he typically lost his cool around women , he said their scent drove him crazy .
body odor came from somewhere , ricardo could nt place where , it was a pervasive scent that rested in the air below everything else and gave the other smells above it a musky heaviness .
she was uncertain about the look , feel , scent , or sound .
a gopher sniffing a scent .
it draws the sniper 's eye like the scent of the fox to the hound .
i handed over rolands pyjamas so the dogs could get the scent , but the only thing they located was the little red and yellow boat .
we do nt know yet but we are planning on taking our dogs out to the property tomorrow to see if they can get a scent on the body .
would the trail of his scent lead them from the house straight through the woods to the spot in the field ?
the german shepherd seemed to be following a scent that led it not in a straight line but meandering back and forth but still headed towards the shed .
i just think there are traces of all of our scents throughout that whole yard and out into the woods , that s all , jay answered in his most convincing voice .
we ve all been out there , so our scent is all over the place .
his eyes and thoughts drifted to the wooded area as he thought of the dog and how well the scent of his father would or would nt be picked up .
he really felt all the objects as well as the depth would hopefully keep the scent from the surface but knowing how keen a dogs sense of smell is left that little bit of doubt in his mind .
well jay , the dog immediately found a scent in the bedroom and followed it down the steps , through the house , and out the back door .
at that point the dog lost the scent in the field .
your fathers scent is in all those places and the dog followed his blood scent clear into the field where he lost it .
your fathers scent is in all those places and the dog followed his blood scent clear into the field where he lost it .
after traversing the mountains , they came upon a hilly field dotted with red violets , the petals of which the rat man started rubbing vigorously against his furthis scent together with the fear pheromones seemed to have a psychotropic effect on narciss and he immediately passed out .
as she was still quite far from him , she was not yet affected by his scent .
the fear pheromones mixed with the scent of the red violets brought forth some shocking atrocities from the guests and a bloodbath ensued .
did it arise from that strange smell , whose scent was pungent and alarming at the moment of waking , but whose perceptibility grew fainter to recognition as the day progressed ?
the scent of bleach burns my nose as i take the corner and pass by the urinals fresh with blue cakes .
the thick scent of bleach seeps out from under the bathroom doors beside me .
the scent of mold was inescapable and spewed out of the black spots crawling across the darkest corners .
we went outside to the backyard to cool down and the scent of rotting fruit surrounded us .
the incense no longer gave a scent .
the scent of french fries diving into the deep fat fryer made me salivate and i think made george have an orgasm as his eyes rolled back in his head .
the rancid garbage and dead rat scent dusted my clothes like putrid snow flurries .
it would mask the scent of my cigarette so i pried open a narrow window in my closet , knelt down and lit up .
plus , the scent of horse grew strong .
the scent of salty bile , acrid and slow , saturated the tank .
the gossip hounds were lead to another scent in time and i just wanted to get drunk .
and his scent , a smell of men in days gone by , of teachers and uncles and fading screen stars .
following the scent he had been drawn to ron 's wall .
they pass by and touch you by their soft elemental scent .
father , really , do nt fret , i think the whole town has come out to see the funny animal , is all ... zebediah supposed that she was right about there being children there were surely little ones about , some so small that they had to be carried and the crowd did not have the scent of a mob .
the scent of fir trees hung thick in the air .
that s true , said lush , only it must not be urged on him just placed in his way that the scent may tickle him .
he was ceasing to care for knowledge unless it spoke to his emotions ; and he dreaded , as if it were a dwelling - place of lost souls , that dead anatomy of culture which turns the universe into a mere ceaseless answer to queries , and knows , not everything , but everything else about everything as if one should know everything about the scent of violets while being unable to detect it oneself .
so she not only rode , but went out with him to dine , contributing nothing to alter their usual manner ; and curiously enough she rejected a handkerchief on which her maid had put the wrong scent a scent that grandcourt had once objected to .
i would forget his scent .
the soil she was now excavating , if fed into a centrifuge , would not yield a detailed printout of composition parts per million , but might instead yield forth a scent or a song , darkness or light , a window on a glowing new world or an endless spiral into blank oblivion .
how much of the woman behind these words was still in that roomfingernail clippings under the bed , strands of her hair in the carpet , maybe even a trace of her scent on the pillows ?
theo did n't necessarily like their scent , but they served the purpose of hiding the rather musty smell that seemed to permeate his bedroom .
the scent was something uncomfortably familiar .
he would have given anything to hold on to that scent .
he mixed sight , scent , sound and thought that intermingled inside .
through the magic of blended sight , scent , sound and touch , as well as thought , he felt the divine force 's presence .
people he knew , and those whose scents he did nt recognize , picked him up and stuck their kind faces in his .
my mistake came from sitting for days in a spot too close to the reference counter , but by the time i knew my mistake it was too late ; if i had moved my seat , i might have changed what happened with the librarian , but i risked offending the dear old billy goat who would have thought i fled the scent of moth balls on him and the sweat which stinks up his suit .
one was adored ... as lilith and cilla had been ... simply because she was a female : scent .
lil sniffs ; jerks her head back a notch and sniffs , once , again : not snorts , just as if testing the wind for scent : not intentional , but telling .
with quiet enthusiasm , in prayerful worship she hears and so expires , dies to the flesh of even this room , of the scent and non - sense and senselessness of it all : she walks exploring , she ambles in this their day - dreaming , she flows with him ` ` you are so powerful ! ''
he knew too the faint but unmistakable scent of mastiha packets of which were piled on the window ledge behind him as he sat to relieve himself laughing out loud at the resourcefulness of his absent host .
he leant the motor bike on a tree , cursing the scent of spent fuel filling the air with the alien molecules any game would detect .
the body taken off the cross lay on the ground that evening , enveloping the communicants with the scent and sight of death ; the blood and body of man merged with blood and body of buffalo .
skunk by nature and by scent .
grease embedded the creases of his hands , and the scent of it clung to his firesuit .
the scent of racing fuel , sharp and sweet , fills my nose .
he should have been aroused by the huge black pupils of her dark eyes and the flare of her nostrils as she breathed in the musky scent of the sheets .
but there was nothing she could do about his scent .
at least the stench masked the scent of enchantments magic .
channie bolted outside and filled her lungs with the joshua - free scent of dust , rotting garbage , and chemically treated sewage .
we pumped up the raft with the stores air hose , shouldered the raft across carver bridge and on down to the boat ramp , where the rivers edge had two smells the fresh scent of rushing current , and the musty reek of water that would not rush .
with that , five people came through the door in succession - obviously driven by the scent of bread - and the basket was emptied quickly at $ 7.50 per loaf .
the tracks disappeared beyond the encampment , but the scent remained .
they followed the blood scent with weapons at the ready .
the scent continued upstream before leaving the river and returning to the forest .
the scent skirted a meadow and then plunged into a deep wood .
they followed the scent inside , their steps as quiet as their breaths .
without his dear companion , plato pined for anything which bore even a hint of buford 's scent .
or maybe he was attracted by the scent of your husbands shirt .
subtle as it is i know her scent in my sleep .
hello this is eri- her scent .
her scent , her smile , her laugh .
even though it was sealed , i caught a scent around the cap of that acrid , eye - searing odor every biology student knows .
something just to get them off the scent .
and then sloan ran that piece in the paper about his octogenarian investigative reporter who was hot on the scent .
the heavy scent of blood filled the air .
a strong scent of blood filled the air .
i snarled as another fresh scent of blood filled the air .
the scent of blood was thick and heavy in the air .
a breeze blew in our direction , carrying the scent of a human with it .
i sniffed in irritation as the scent of blood lingered in the air .
not sooner , raina winced and stiffened , and the scent of blood filled the air .
i snarled as the scent of a human reached me .
i frowned as a strong scent of blood reached me .
the cool wind blew around me , carrying the scent of a human .
elijah and i hissed as another fresh scent of blood hit us .
can you say that without your scent changing ?
i only caught the lingering scent of the human , but it was clear that she was nowhere nearby .
i growled at the scent of blood and quick as a flash , buried my fangs deep in her neck .
no , i was following the scent .
i smelled her , before i knew who it was , the sweet , sweet scent of a special human .
the pounding heart of the human abruptly went away , but the lingering scent did nt .
the scent of death clinging to him was barely enough to keep me sane , but it was nt enough to stop me from ripping his throat open .
i gritted my teeth the moment i caught the scent of the human .
i sniffed and focused on the scent of chlorine instead of the hot blood coursing through her .
i followed her inside , and i swore as i caught the scent of multiple humans .
from up there , it was a little harder to lock onto a scent .
tilting my head back , i inhaled deeply and let it out slowly as i caught the scent of a human behind me , and it was nt just your ordinary human being .
i sniffed the air and groaned as the scent of humans surrounded me .
i followed a scent to the end of the alley where a human was just about to head through a door .
a breeze blew my way , and i smirked as i caught the fresh scent of spilled blood .
i sniffed and followed the scent to someones backyard .
he was supposed to throw the authorities off the scent .
a gust of wind rippled across the big cops shoulders bringing the pungent scent of jade - east .
all about me was the murky scent of cut grass .
twelve years in policing , the last five in homicide , had desensitized me to the scent , sight and cold feel of death .
its metallic scent filled the cruiser but there was hardly any smell of gunpowder .
the feeling is , maybe you are coming up with all these ideas to make sure the scent is off of you .
your scent is different , very different from others .
i think you will have to cover your scent .
blood was still dripping out of my mouth and the scent was so strong under my nose .
we were heard and our scents were detected .
every breath i took made a noise and every move i made gave a scent .
for once , the scent of a girl was not as strong as before .
we must cast round for another scent . '
but there were ample signs that i had not come upon a false scent .
' there is no smell which might have interfered with her power of scent .
the scent suggested the presence of a sir , and already my thoughts began to turn towards the stapletons .
theory or not the scent always preceded the most treacherous of storms .
if it had not been for her curiosity to find out where the scent originated , she may have stayed in the bathroom forever tugging and primping .
maybe it came from the scent of the lake waters or the hint of chanel no .
he turned his head to get a better grasp of the scent .
he reeked the scent of a salesman in every sense of the word and was just getting started .
the sick scent of death lingered as if waiting for the pending war .
the scent of burning rubber filled the cars interior as it rocketed away from the curb .
the scent of ignited fuel and burning flesh consumed his nostrils .
he thought that clever , as if the act of parking would still the scent .
san franciscos real estate breezes were rife with the sweet perfume of obscene profit , and soon every broker , agent and freelance know - nothing in town would lift their snouts toward the heavens , seeking to pick up the scent of giselle frackles $ 70 million sea cliff mansion .
he moved back and , just like an exotic scent on a restless wind , she followed him into his loft .
he leaned across her to check a specific part of the toolbox , caught her clean , fresh scent .
jo entered the temporary building and immediately noticed the scent of disinfectant that did nt quite cover the odor of sweaty children .
still the scent was driving her crazy .
the aroma of citrus disinfectant could never quite disguise the scent of death that danced in the air .
the scent of axe cologne wafted toward me like the smell of stale adolescence .
she was wriggling under my grasp , eager to sniff out the new scents of this unfamiliar neighborhood .
it was the scent of axe cologne .
she might have picked up catherine lowells scent on the sheet , i said .
or she might have picked up brandons scent .
catherine screamed invective after us , but we were soon out of earshot as the boy led us along a confusing maze of corridors , the scent of marijuana trailing behind him like breadcrumbs .
we had tried following the smell for a while , but the scent was so omnipresent that he seemed to be everywhere and nowhere .
he was throwing off a scent that smelled like first - time kiss , and surprisingly , i was a little more than willing .
for a man close to one hundred pounds overweight , he had something that shot off a scent to mate for the willing female .
you saw all those little innuendos both verbal and nonverbal , then shot out a warning scent to take a hike , or prepare for a physical reminder that it was wisest to stay away .
the scent of old spice followed him out the door .
teddy enjoyed himself immensely smelling the sandy path for dog scents and an occasional piece of kelp .
julian was a bloodhound when he picked up a scent , which he normally would with somebody like sonia , but it was his professional courtesy that instructed him to leave her untouched .
if they are that easy to switch why ca nt you just do it yourself because i want you on my side ok . how do i throw them off the scent ?
a spokesman for jones said he was the victim of a large - scale conspiracy and a smear campaign designed to throw him off the scent of a story of wide spread political corruption in new york city .
the odor of the place was typical of establishments of that sort : tobacco smoke and stale beer , overlaid with a faint smell of urine , except in the toilet , which was dominated by the piercing scent of mothballs .
one trail had gone cold and he was looking for another scent .
if your nose was working as it should , and it is so unfortunately not , you would sense that beneath the lingering vinegar of corpse preservatives is that ugly , familiar scent .
the scent of the dead .
a cold , stinking wind drafted through the open window , bringing the scent of the thames and her rotting bodies with it .
her skirts trailed in the mud , but she was heedless of this as she made her way to the front door of the cottage , the scent of alien vinegars and post midnight silence doing nothing to deter her .
unless , of course , you are of those few who can detect the scent of bitter almonds upon the corpse .
before she struck the ground , the dream shifted and she was back in that strange room with bruce madison , his hands clasped around her throat and she was struggling , a silent scream on her lips , the scent of latex so strong it burned her eyes .
before she could see what it was , her nose picked up the scent .
just then , a scent drifted on the wind .
he obliged , but only because he was bleeding and scared senseless his scent would catch the attention of a nearby bear .
she handled the horses with gentle authority , cleared the center corridor of horse crap without fuss , the pungent scent permeating his nostrils as she rolled it by in her wheelbarrow .
nick detected the scent of tobacco in the air .
once he picked up the scent , he would nt let go until his teeth locked into the bone .
when i got closer , i smelled bacon frying mixed with the scent of damp soil .
i could smell his scent despite the distance between us .
i felt my mom before i caught her scent .
i sucked in a lungful of dads scent and listened to aunt miriam critiquing the shape of a new volvo driving by .
but he realized now that the boy 's death had changed everything , changed the mood and pace of the investigation , that the keen scent for machanaud 's blood could soon drive a hungry pack ; a fast rising tide of panic that said ' cry halt early ' and swept away his previous resolve .
a moment later the scent of a cheap and strong perfume , the latest moneymaking ploy by some celebrity , confirmed his thoughts .
they appeared to settle down once they smelt their familiar scent on the cover .
in part it was the lack of light and in part it was the scent of incense , but it was more than that .
millicent felt herself led by her guide , probably in an elongated circle : she walked slowly preceded by a faint metallic sound - the censor no doubt , because the scent of incense was strong .
of course , no one else could smell the scent but boone could .
boone knew the scent of a woman well , but delilahs scent was different .
boone knew the scent of a woman well , but delilahs scent was different .
she could smell his scent .
no but if you can track the thieves by their scent , we can wrap this up in no time .
we can go back in the daylight and i can try to pick up their scent while human .
we still might be able to pick up a scent or two .
boone found two other crypts which had a distinct scent .
two crypts on opposite sides of the cemetery with the same scent , he announced .
but why just two scents and five graves ?
the two from the cemetery , boone whispered while searching the dark room for the source of the scents .
i guess they figured out we were tracking them and they picked up our scents in the process , boone deduced .
the aroma would help mask the scent of the old , stale shack .
finishing his business , boone raised his head to the sky hoping to detect the scent of some wild game .
boone caught the scent of something not natural , something artificial , something chemical .
he needed to sniff out the other scents .
and i need to lay my scent .
my scent could keep the bobcat away .
once that nose of yours stops picking up a human scent , let me know .
* * * the mist was lifting and merging with the smoke and the scent of the copal .
january caught the scent of something under the garden bench and wanted to dig .
huckleberry caught the same scent and scooted into the bushes in pursuit .
still , a ceremony is a ceremony , so i tracked the symbolic deer , went downwind of it , sneaked close to it , using an uncured hide as a precaution to cover my scent and shot it with the bow i also carried .
as they piled up the bodies we attacked again and then those chosen to lay a false scent let themselves be seen with the boats - but not so close that the big people could recognise the straw dummies .
the smoke and scent of copal rose in the air and filled the temple .
i found a whole new affection for the scent of old coffee and dust .
the scent of old books and dust hung heavy in the air .
a certain strange scent .
the now identified scent of blood saturated the air .
devlins eyes lit up then took on a steely determination , and his nostrils flared as he had scent of the kill .
by taking his own life in this way , he d unintentionally put the police on to the wrong scent .
not to mention the scent of that perfume .
before they even regain their ability to speak , andrew is combing the room for clues and scents .
they had to do something though besides just pouring the ether around here to mask their scent .
if they were just vampires their scent would have drifted into the childrens room long before we left it .
whatever they are , they knew how to elude our catching their scent prior to the childrens abduction and they are obviously aware that ether destroys our ability to detect remnants their scent may have left behind .
whatever they are , they knew how to elude our catching their scent prior to the childrens abduction and they are obviously aware that ether destroys our ability to detect remnants their scent may have left behind .
while you do that , we will follow the ether scent until it dissipates .
the overwhelming scent of ether alerts me to the childrens unconscious and semi - conscious states , but their heartbeats are still strong .
lucas is still there and reviewing the tapes to ensure that we did not miss anything and eva and jackson have headed toward the road where we saw the car with some local friends to see if there are any clues or scents which they can pick up on .
there are several estates in the immediate vicinity and they are seeing if they can catch the childrens scent .
joining hands , i hear her instructing damian in a spell that the children could use to try and hide their scent from the werewolf .
kristen take them and release them a half of mile from the estate , take alex with you and stay close to them , as they run , i am sure the werewolf will catch their scent , capture him and after they have served their purpose , you may feast .
see if you can get nicholas or kaylas scent , but remember the wind is blowing west to east so if you do get the scent , stay focused ...
see if you can get nicholas or kaylas scent , but remember the wind is blowing west to east so if you do get the scent , stay focused ...
i got a glimpse of them when i was outside the window and caught their scent .
at first , all i could tell was that they were related to you because of the similar scent that i got around you and them , but then when i lifted you , i could hear you fleeting thoughts about how much you loved them and hoped they would be safe in with their father .
i am surprised that your children were brought there to hunt , they were not part of any family that was on the estate , we never had their scent before and the story is that this family only goes after one household at a time .
she had just escaped from them and so their scent was all over her .
while she was here , david must have caught her scent and i have heard vampires never forget a scent .
while she was here , david must have caught her scent and i have heard vampires never forget a scent .
ca nt they smell your scent ?
grant , can i use a spell on you that may mask your scent for a while ?
who caught the scent is it from their pack ?
only one scent is familiar , the other two are not .
we were returning to the hospital to retrieve the map of the area when we caught your scent off of someone who entered .
when you transform , does your scent change or could they detect that someone is with me .
i know that after david bit me , they had marlena bite me so that she would have my scent .
andrew , do you know if you lose your scent ?
andrew , were running out of time and i m sure that david will scrutinize my scent very carefully .
as soon as i get out , speed away so hopefully they do nt catch any type of scent .
the wolves did comply , the young one said he heard my breathing after marlena bit me , i m sure he smelled my scent .
the scent is the same and she does look like the woman i changed marlena into .
its his scent , i can smell it in the blood , but that s impossible .
his scent became very familiar over the last few evenings , even to the children in their wolf form .
i detected the scent before your children and i sensed danger , probably because we have been raised to fear and distrust vampires .
he had to have been out there and that had to be the scent that kayla was following when she burst through the door .
despite that i would have smelled if lucas or any of us were in the area , i have become very attune to everyone here , i could probably pick up your scents anywhere .
when i was an animal , trying to track nicholas and kayla , i knew what was going on , i could tell their scents and feel the threat from the others .
i ca nt do this , i m mixing up our scent with reginalds and i ca nt ... kayla surprises us all coming out of the room , sitting next to nicholas and grabbing his hand .
they would nt have gone after lucas ; nicholas even recognized reginalds scent after a moment .
i do nt mean to interrupt , but with every passing moment we could be losing the scent and if dad is running anywhere near there and someone is out there , he could be in some serious trouble .
not to mention , if there is any chance of a scent out there , i can probably help and truthfully you will need me to help convince them that it was nt your children who did it .
none of us would ever forget his scent and that is not it .
do you recognize the scent ?
not really , there is something that s familiar about it , but not quite , i ca nt put my finger on it , but i know for sure , it is nt your husband or his family , there is no trace of them coming from the wound , there s only a faint scent of andrew on her skin , but nowhere near the tear .
i ca nt call him , he has probably phased so that he can detect scents and follow my dads tracks , but i m sure that they will return soon and i m sure that he heard your warning to jackson .
nicholas remembers what happened at the cabin , he remembers seeing reginald and even his scent , but he does nt remember you there at all .
i know that paul caught grants scent heading up toward the cabin and they were following it .
please , grant told me what a powerful witch you are , do not let my family go alone , they have our scents because we have been after them before and have caused them damage .
there is someone coming up behind but not a scent i recognize .
are you sure its not grant or jeff with the others , maybe the combination is messing up the scent ?
when i went in to see amelia , i thought i caught lucas scent around her mouth .
yes , there were microscopic traces of her scent around the wound site .
your family would nt have smelled it because his scent is so overwhelming .
they continued the ritual around the courtyard with canute making sure his scent was dominant .
smarter guess , but i m not picking up a scent .
bruce proceeded to sniff the ground , hoping to pick up a scent that might ve pointed them in the right direction .
each of the artificial beehives are equipped with a scent to mimic a queen bees pheromones , as well as sonar frequency panels that permits a controller to influence their conduct with a mere touch of a button .
we were trying to look inside from that area below the entrance when one of our dogs , bugger , suddenly picked up the scent and ran up to the entrance .
the rags were clean but had the scent of being used for something oily in the past .
i do detect a hint of being locked up in a small mexican cell overnight but i can smell your scent and i love your scent . ''
i do detect a hint of being locked up in a small mexican cell overnight but i can smell your scent and i love your scent . ''
she was covered with the stifling scent of black and mild .
whenever lisbeth causley got the slightest whiff of intrigue , she instinctively became a hunter , following the scent like a bloodhound .
there was an interesting scent to it , one i struggled to put a name to .
maybe , if jeff likes the scent , his father did too .
they ducked down and ran like hell , making it to the relative safety of the woods before their stalker had a chance to get their scent .
the dog looked agitated and ready to get moving before they even released him from the car , he could smell the scent of death from the back seat .
he followed scents that were as plain to his nose as dayglo orange trail ribbons are to my eyes .
of course he had the childs scent .
he did nt seem to have a scent so i was nt alarmed .
could be that the only other strong human scent in this house is her .
considering it was april , the previous night had been quite balmy , yet surely he was only imagining the sickly scent of corruption ?
but , of course , the fact that the doctor openly specialised in drug - related problems had put him off the scent .
he lost the scent at the bus stop , the cop said in distress .
it washed away his scent , but it led the dogs this far .
that faint scent , the familiarity of that voice and its slightly higher tone .
he hated the musky damp scent of old cold rooms .
convinced that no two - legged creatures were close by , the wolf scurried up to the shed door and immediately picked up the scent .
it followed the scent of blood down to the shoreline .
you let me run on in my anger , and you denied just enough to put me off the scent .
a strange scent on a woman her age .
when he let himself into andres condo , he found it full of the scent of minestrone .
if nothing else , he d follow my scent to the library .
avery hissed as the scent of blood reached him .
there was no human scent in here .
* * * * * * chapter two a cool breeze blew in my direction , and carried within that breeze , was the scent of another vampire .
trying so hard not to smell or taste the scent of blood from every single human , i slipped into an office , going directly for the cameras .
she stepped through and froze as the scent of blood punched her thinking process , jumping all over the place as the door closed behind her .
my head swam with the scent of blood and the pounding hearts of all the humans .
still breathing fast and seeing red , and not to mention , extremely hungry , i slowly followed the scent of a human girl to a gas station where she was just coming out with a candy bar in her hand .
i sighed and slipped into trynnadons head and groaned as the scent of blood reached me .
this time , i really focused on each of the vampires and concentrated on each individual scent and putting it to memory .
i hissed as the scent of human grew closer and closer .
he sniffed the air again and followed my scent to where i was .
i sniffed at his general direction and caught the scent of sedatives , a massive amount of it too .
i sniffed and smelled the coppery scent of blood .
i took in a deep breath and wished i did nt as the scent of blood in the patrol car reached me .
the scent of human punched me hard .
i growled and snarled as the scent got closer .
the human scent slowly dissipated , but the thirst did nt .
the pounding hearts and the scent of blood filled my head .
sniffing , i followed his scent out to the porch .
sniffing the air , i picked up the scent of three humans inside .
recognized any scent ?
the loud thump of music and the flashing strobe lights and gyrating bodies and not to add , the scent of blood , alcohol , drugs , and arousal also gave it away .
i snarled as her scent reached me .
her scent trails off a mile away .
i sniffed and inhaled the scent of her blood mixed with that damn push - pop and growled .
i coughed as the scent of smoke reached me .
i silently cursed as the door open , blowing in his scent my way as he got in .
the scent of humans was driving me insane , and for the life of me , i could nt even get a word out , but thankfully , elijah caught on to my thoughts .
paralyzed as he was , he could nt react accordingly , but the scent of fear that was pouring off of him was answer enough .
all i knew was that i was far away from the scent of humans .
i groaned as the scent of fresh blood made its way toward me .
he blinked and sniffed , frowning when he did nt get a whiff of my scent .
i sniffed and caught his irritated scent .
the scent of fear , anger , hatred , and on top of it all , embarrassment poured off of him .
i groaned as i caught the fresh scent of spilled blood coming closer .
unless troy was trying to throw me off his scent , this email implicated a girl and the only girl i knew to implicate was jenna .
i could have carried the scent of cologne in from the hallway .
they ll check you out and get your scent .
tod simply repeated the word friend as bear circled each while continuing to sniff their scents .
her scent was barely perceptible on the shifting air currents .
lets just say it could be a useful theory , if we need to keep someone off the scent .
he lifted his head and emitted a feeble meow , while tutus nose twitched , catching his scent .
smythe joined the scent and i started to panic .
maclure was following his own scent .
let 's get to the creek and lose our scent in the water .
the wind 's blowing up , and the water will destroy our scent .
out there in the dark they had picked up the fresh scent .
if the dogs did not catch their scent as they lay there shivering on the mossy ledge , they might be all right .
snatches of poetry came and went , but his thoughts always came back to the dogs , sniffing and snarling along their scent , drooling and eager for the kill .
a young dog would have picked up hyenas scent before he had gotten this close to talberts home .
christian abruptly stopped , listened as if he heard a silent whistle , and rushed out the front door , leaving only a peculiar scent ... the scent of death .
christian abruptly stopped , listened as if he heard a silent whistle , and rushed out the front door , leaving only a peculiar scent ... the scent of death .
gwen had detected the scent of belladonna on a spot on her dress , indicating that shed been the culprit , but who had paid her to poison garethand precisely whywas as unknown as it had been before they started looking .
unless this is just meant to throw us off the scent by giving us false evidence and making us assume the killer was a female .
instantly my scent is snatched by a tv news film crew , one of six out hustling for the action .
my scent could reveal me .
of course , both will be several degrees removed from oakley , and anyone else who matters , but at least the whiff of a scent has been caught .
he has the scent of battle .
the scent of their load was nt pleasant , to say the least , but there was nothing she could really do about that .
he rounded the corner into his dining room , instinctively following the scent to a fully cooked candlelight dinner that was waiting for him , compliments of alyse .
it had been over a year and a half since she died , but somehow the dusty scent of this horse trail snapped her to life in his mind .
he closed his eyes and sniffed again , trying to determine where the scent was coming from .
insects are drawn by the putrid scent of decomposition .
as something struck hard into flesh , and the sheared - copper smell of fresh blood came strong over the scent of hot rock and rushing water .
she 'd have known his scent if she was blindfolded and had to pick him out of a hundred men .
once joe figured out you ca n't get the scent of vomit out of leather , he bought us a new toy . ''
what he really wanted was that scent on his bare skin .
unfortunately ; he would n't forget her scent , either , or her soft skin .
that would be about as easy as ignoring the scent of her , which he 'd never get out of his car or his mind .
she hurried out first , afraid to lose his scent again .
i smelled the wet of his vest and his shirtsleeves , and the scent of his skin , the faintest trace of some aftershave .
i froze in position , my head rotating to track from which direction the thick dark scent was pouring .
` ` smelling the scent of success .
it 's kind of strange to wake up surrounded by the scent of chocolate . ''
the stale , putrid scent lingered in the air .
the scent of sulfur exhaust was nearly suffocating .
the scent of roasted meat was strong , lamb if she was n't mistaken , tempered by the musty smell of cheap tobacco .
orleg was close and he caught the scent of cheap alcohol through the aroma of his own blood .
the scent of decaying flesh .
perhaps the dog was able to distinguish the scents and was familiar with lord 's from the blood .
then they hit the street again , riding around to see if they could pick up the gangsters ' scent .
his scent wraps around me and his dominant demeanor sends a shiver down my back , ` ` was that her name ? ''
i do n't even have to turn ; i know jude walked into the bar , and my instincts are confirmed when his scent wraps around me like an intoxicating wave .
shannon reeled back as the scent of his breath hit her - the overwhelming smell of alcohol masking the bitter tang of bile underneath .
in the taste of him , the scent of him , the way he moves into me as if it 's his every right to be there .
the dark basement was filled with a haze of cigar smoke and the scent of liquor .
unfortunately , that only made the scent of reese waft more closely around her , thanks to the jacket .
oh , and his scent was so divine .
` ` better yet , i ' m going to try to bottle up your scent and sell it . ''
` ` i said , ' i ' m going to try and bottle up your scent and sell it , ' '' she confirmed what i thought i heard the first time .
` ` i think that you must have some distinct scent that drives guys wild ... like eau de purity or virtuous body splash . ''
i knew by the clean scent of the cologne that it was ash , and instead of jerking away from him , i let him embrace me .
jesus , her scent is driving me f**king nuts .
with just the hint of his scent i can feel the memories slamming back , fast and fierce .
panting roughly , i finally place the scent that is surrounding me .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' i said , inhaling the boy who , even in scent , exuded a hint of trouble just barely masked by a reluctant sweetness .
the unmistakable scent of weed drew his attention .
she was surrounded by the wild ocean scent of him , by the crazy intense warmth he gave off without trying .
peter 's scent fills my head .
` ` no , i just think you need a signature scent .
sense your scent when i come into a room you ' ve just left .
i cleaned up the evidence of our escapade , changed the sheets and sprayed the room with vanilla cinnamon room spray to get rid of his scent .
i 'd only washed them when her scent had faded , but somehow , i could still almost smell her .
his scent and his heat and his hardness intoxicate me , a heady rush of need bolting through me .
the distance is little help , but it 's enough that her scent weakens , allowing me to think logically again .
he steps past me , his scent dragging by in a brutal tease .
nothing was left behind , not even the scent of him to remind her he 'd even been there .
she inhaled his warm , male scent deep into her lungs .
his scent clouded her mind , and she forced herself not to move too fast .
the scent of hollister cologne followed him .
i kept my eyes closed and tried to keep my breathing steady , but i was on the verge of a full - blown rachel freak - out before i caught the scent of cinnamon .
soon , my entire mouth tasted like fish , and all i could smell was the scent of slightly - turned mukluk .
i squashed the feelings of disappointment like a pesky bug and summoned up a smile of delight to put mac off the scent .
i smiled up at mac from my desk to put her off the scent and heard her indrawn breath .
nothing left behind , not even your scent . ''
like a complete psycho , i leaned my face into the pillow and sniffed like girls in books and movies always do to see if i could still catch his scent .
not only because it was hot but because jesse 's all - man scent was getting to me .
i finally understood why i could n't escape jesse 's scent or presence even when i was locked in my bedroom .
i tried next , taking another half step back because i could still smell that soapy , shampooy scent of him , and that was messing with my head , too .
the air coming in from the window had that fresh rain scent , and that , combined with the scent of jesse 's skin , was a powerful aphrodisiac .
i might be pathetic , but i 'd take rowen however i could get her , even if that was just from her scent permeating my truck .
a low growl came from the back of his throat as he took in my scent .
i asked dr . blakely what the scent was .
i slimed some crap in my hair to make it stand up in a bunch of directions on sprayed on cologne to help mask the scent of sex and booze that i was sure still clung to every visible patch of skin .
if it had been david or rooster , i 'd have had to show them a lot more than some cl**vage and leg to get them off your scent .
` ` i smell it on you - the scent of prey .
somehow , the synapses of my brain hardwired to his scent .
nothing registered - neither scent , nor taste , nor sound .
the scent of alcohol warned q 's inhibitions were completely gone .
his throat rattled with curses , his body vibrated with aggression , and the entire room filled with the thick scent of sex .
my body belonged to him , set alive by his scent , touch , and voice .
i placed it above my head for her , drinking in her rising fear - the scent of turmoil and panic .
i 'd had everything covered , and a shit load of boxes filling the room trying to push her off the scent .
smoke spills out like poison vapor and i ' m not sure whether i hate the scent or miss it .
i take a step back toward the stairs , knowing that until i can hate the scent , i need to stay away .
that ship had sailed about thirty seconds ago , though , and whatever miss manners had to say about how to remain proper when you have a nak*d dude in your car covered with guitar splinters and the increasingly cloying scent of dead raccoon filling your car through the hole in the floor , i did n't much care .
that raccoon scent , though , was starting to make this decidedly less appealing .
the scent of cigarette smoke almost knocked me backward .
the minute we opened the steel door , the scent of putrid beer , bleach , and cigarette smoke seeped into every spare fiber of my clothes and most of my nose and brain .
the most excitement you can have without doing something illegal ( the occasional scent of pot excepted ) .
i just read a survey that women in that city are most turned on by the scent of coffee . ''
i just read a survey that women in new york are most turned on by the scent of coffee .
the sight and scent brought back a rush of erotic memories .
the dark , musky scent of him that works its way into every part of my body .
the scent fills the air .
the air is filled with the scent of scorched plastic .
the scent alone was enough to make me move back to new york .
there was only scent and skin , slick with need .
reminded her of the bonding scent vampires threw off when they met their soul mates in her fave series , the black dagger brotherhood .
at one time it had been attractive , but now the scent repelled him .
the scent of paper and musty textbooks filled my head .
her scent was still on him .
walking past him , i catch his scent .
would you want the scent and the feel of her on your hands ? ''
between that and the scent of disinfectants , i know where i am .
her scent assailed me just as stateless ' i ' m on fire began to play .
i ca n't get away , ca n't move , ca n't breathe anything but his scent and his power .
no man 's scent , or voice , had ever headed straight for my panties like this .
i could n't place the scent , but it was perfect for him .
suddenly i felt a body behind me , and i panicked as i smelled the gym - bag scent of alfonzo .
logan stopped , and despite having my eyes closed i knew raul was near me from the scent of garlic and cigarettes .
i could smell the distinct odor of the don river which was the acrid scent of garbage .
i know his after - sex scent and that 's not it .
anything can conjure a memory - a song , a scent , a touch .
i 'll never catch the scent of my father 's aftershave in his little bathroom .
i recognized the scent first , the unmistakably delicious odor of leather and earth and man that was kellan kyle .
hailey was right about his nerves , wrong about his scent .
` ` no scent .
it totally puts them off the scent . ''
` ` off the scent ?
once again , he stood in direct contrast to lucas , whose scent was n't any one thing - it was his leather jacket and his barely - there aftershave , the meal he 'd cooked for me and the subtle yet sharp smell of graphite on his fingers after he 'd been drawing , the exhaust of his harley and the minty shampoo smell of his pillow .
i take a deep breath , soaking in the scent before parker gets in .
he was right , my stomach grumbled at the scent .
his feet carried him forward , his nose pulling in the scent like a rope as he worked down the hallway toward the records room .
he whined softly with anticipation as the scent grew stronger the closer he came to the golden light .
it was hard to concentrate with her scent filling up the small storage space .
somehow , tracking a beautiful girl because her scent is intoxicating seemed too stalker - ish , even for him .
with a deep breath he turned to find the stairs , but the scent that hit him made his hackles rise .
now that chloe 's scent was in another room , his head was beginning to clear and the implications of the man standing next to him were starting to emerge .
now i know what that scent is .
surely that scent will turn his desire to ashes , cause his face to wrinkle in displeasure .
but the scent of her arousal was in his nostrils , and he wanted more of her .
his touch made her h*ps buck against it , her mind in a frenzy at the combination of his arms around her , the scent of him , and what they were doing .
the scent of her , the way that josie 's elbow bent to reach down and tug his hip , how they rested on top of the covers , dusk turning to dark , the klieg lights at the stadium across the street casting a strange glow .
a little corgi came around the corner , sniffing right where josie and alex had just had sex , the oregano apparently not enough scent to throw it off track .
five boxes later , her mind was still retracing the memory of alex 's hands on her ass , the power of his thighs lifting her up , how her back had scraped against that stone wall , the leaves pressing into her hair , the scent of him etched into her lungs , the hoarse cry that came from her throat as she came and came in his arms .
` ` he 's just so dreamy , '' she said , trying to throw josie off the scent .
that 's when i caught the scent of something else .
` ` the christensen scent sure does n't smell like roses . ''
` ` hey , we take pride in our scent ! ''
and then i sprayed you with my personal scent to keep the other animals away ! ''
laura 's scent filled his brain , taking over .
why does her scent drive me f**king crazy ?
get back to possibly researching if one really could become addicted to another 's scent .
it was her damn scent .
i ' ve worked with her for six months and have only just noticed her as a woman , though her scent has been driving me crazy pretty much since day one .
the scent of smelly man foot .
she knew it was so , without even looking , because she knew his scent .
but here at home , surrounded by damen 's scent , she could n't help but think , could n't help but miss him , and she could n't help but worry .
he lost focus for one second , distracted by the scent of horses on her skin , and other people on the bed linens , and he came .
the scent of her makes him lose his will to fight .
i sniffed it , searching for some trace of his scent , but i smelled only fresh paper and ink .
and yet , i hoped he 'd noticed the scent in his walk - in closet .
i found no scent of a man , and , under the covers , none of those telltale hairs they leave behind .
meanwhile , mr . and mrs . hubert were down in the men 's cologne section , and she was trying to mist him with something , while he was being obstinate and refusing to try a new scent .
the bed was right there , so i climbed in on the rumpled sheets , breathing in deeply to take in the scent of this unseen , unknown man .
he moaned again , and the sound traveled through his body , awakening the rest of him to the moment , to the scent of guns instead of roses , the brush of leather instead of lace .
nick 's scent now reminded him of everything good in the world .
a controlled scent , it was truly original .
not his scent or the sound of his voice .
i felt movement behind me , and knew from the scent it was my husband .
i caught the scent again and looked in her direction , as if i could see the smell 's source .
i slid folders out , and with them came a scent .
i 'd gotten close to him once , just long enough to confirm i did n't know him and the walking - through - dirt scent of turkish cigarettes emanated from him .
then she must have caught his scent because she stopped , began whimpering , dropped her head , and nearly crawled to him .
so i went for it and licked up his neck to below his ear and god , god , the scent of him , the feel of him on my tongue , the taste of him ... god .
` ` your scent does not precede you , it also does n't define you .
the kind of discovery your partner , if he is very fortunate , makes when his nose encounters the flesh the scent adorns . ''
i thought this was overkill and might be his way of putting us off the scent .
he gets out there and catches a scent of something in those woods around your house , we wo n't see him for a year . ''
buford was on the scent of strawberries .
any time lanie got near him , hop hoped to catch her scent .
now , though , smelling her scent was a very bad thing .
this lasted about five seconds before the taste of him , the feel of him , his scent penetrated , and it hit me i was getting my fix .
but since deck had n't even picked up a scent and the kid made no connections with anyone but faye , chace could n't fathom how .
his scent of smoke and metal surrounded me , playing havoc with my thoughts .
a trace of chocolate and smoky metal surrounded me - his scent was a contradiction .
` ` your heart is pumping wild , and your scent is stronger . ''
inch by inch he came closer , bringing with him the scent of smoke and metal .
fox 's scent of smoke clouded me as his body moved closer to mine .
mixing with old sooty smoke from the large fire , and the cold dirt around us , the scent reminded me of fox .
bracing my back , i said , ` ` fox , i'm- '' fox launched forward , bringing the scent of smoke and metal .
the sickly scent of my previous sickness did n't help my stomach from rolling like a shipwreck .
the sharp scent of dug - up turf hit my nostrils as we tore across the grass .
with my heart whizzing , i bypassed woodland trails , avoided muddy paths , and obscured my scent as much as possible .
the rest of the dogs , either brainwashed by their leader or picking up on the scent of rabbit , all joined in the urge to leave .
the horse swung its head to inspect me , its huge nostrils inhaling my scent .
lies had a scent .
the scent was entirely of him .
his scent invaded her , turning her inside out .
` ` you know your scents , '' she said , leading him to the kitchen .
her scent permeated the air between them .
did his scent appeal to her ?
the scent turned her on even more .
her scent aroused him further .
the scent was his usual italian blend of coffee .
his scent was a combination of male sweat and expensive perfume .
the scent of pancakes was long gone , but he was still starving .
her scent permeated the area around him .
the scent of booze and smoke filled the air .
lexie placed a hand in front of her mouth so he would n't get any scent of her sickness .
the scent of her met his nostrils .
the scent of cigarette smoke and stale sex hung in the air .
he could n't get the scent or sound of lacey out of his head .
the scent of her cunt filled the air between them .
the scent of bleach overwhelmed him the moment he closed the door .
the smell of the hospital was replaced by the scent of prue .
he ignored the scent of breakfast and tate 's glaring face , heading out toward his bike .
the scent of her arousal drove him insane .
i want to keep them off her scent as long as possible . ''
the scent of roast chicken greeted him .
the scent of eva 's release surrounded him .
the scent of alcohol made tiny 's stomach roll .
tate hated the scent of coffee .
her scent drew him closer .
chapter eleven snitch climbed off his bike inhaling the scent of fort wills .
killer kept them off their scent by killing one of snitch 's men .
your men will desert you faster than a f**king woman who knows the scent of death .
he wanted to drown in her scent .
tate 's scent still surrounded him .
the scent coming off her was driving him crazy , making his mouth water .
` ` yeah , tiny wants to throw off the scent of us knowing about what 's going to happen .
the scent of her pu**y was driving him insane .
the leather still possessed lash 's scent .
there was no scent of food , but the woman was placing polish amongst other things on the table .
within moments he heard the door close behind her , leaving only her scent behind .
the scent and sight of her body had the power to undo him .
the scent of him surrounded her , which comforted her in the middle of the night .
she did n't know how much time had passed until the scent of burning overcame her .
the scent of her cooking assailed her , so she put her cleaning supplies away and made her way to the kitchen .
the scent of her arousal permeated the air before him .
the scent of her arousal permeated the air between them .
the scent of beef stew greeted him .
that did n't help , but rather made him need a hot shower to rid himself of the scent .
her scent was becoming like a drug to him .
he wanted to go home and sink himself in the scent and pleasure of his woman .
still , the open air of the city did not compare to the scent of the forest , the fresh grass , or the feel of other wolves , even if they were unfriendly .
he really could n't give a shit about anyone in the pack , but this woman 's scent drew him to her .
the girl could n't be older than fourteen , and she did n't have the same scent as the rest of the pack .
the scent of the night air called to her wolf , begging to be released .
the scent of a welcoming pu**y drove him insane .
zeke had planned the attack long ago , and tonight he 'd made sure to hide any scent of his approach with the fumes from the car .
the scent of her innocence was distracting him .
having a wolf 's scent was not always accurate .
usually women carried the scent of their partner for a long time .
mary had no other scent beside her own , and it was what drew him to her as well .
they were covered in the scent of her arousal .
the scent of innocence is all over you , and i can smell your f**king blood . ''
she was different , and he recalled her scent before .
in the few meals he 'd shared with roger and dani , zeke had never sensed an evil streak or the true scent that clung to them this night .
they had to have used something that masked the horrid scent .
leaving his office , he 'd gone searching to find the woman responsible for leaving the scent .
her scent was different from what he remembered in the city .
her scent was clean .
moving through the house the scent of the other pack was everywhere .
her scent was making his wolf purr against his skin .
the scent of sex and need permeated the air .
they had known all along who 'd bitten her , but they kept mary from him , masking her scent so he could n't find her .
` ` you ' ve got a thing for my scent , do n't you ? ''
their scent would cling to her , and no matter what you did , zeke , you would n't get rid of that smell .
we believe the injections you were given were an attempt to mask your scent .
your scent drove me crazy .
his scent surrounded her , and in the last the few days she 'd found his scent calmed her nerves .
by the time he would have crossed her scent it would have disappeared , given how many people worked in the company .
the scent coming off debbie was the same as the big giant holding the string .
` ` i want my scent washed off her skin but keep the wounds fresh .
the women scrubbed her body removing all scent of chain and the pack .
that 's when he caught the scent of fear .
turning left , then right , breathing in the bitter scent , he followed on until he heard the faintest whisper of a whimper .
the scent of her humiliation had been too much for him to bear .
i ca n't help but think someone tried to wash the scent from her skin .
his scent covered her pu**y . scorch wanted his scent in her mouth , pu**y , and ass .
his scent surrounded her , protecting her from their malice .
the pain lasted a long time , but throughout it , the pack started to lose the scent of fear .
the scent of wolf drifted toward him .
clara 's scent and body did n't repel him at all .
nick wondered how far he could talk to get the combination of her embarrassment and the scent of arousal .
the scent of her need was n't dulled by the water .
he wanted to surround her in his scent .
` ` your scent was n't only on the shirt ? ''
the scent of their combined releases surrounded them .
his wolf wished to bask in her scent and to see her submission at his feet .
her fear and need had disguised the natural scent of the people around her .
the scent coming off them told her they were both wolves .
the scent of her arousal filled the room , and his wolf howled inside his mind .
it was such a strange scent to have around the house .
leaving the scent of her lurking behind the door , he walked into his bathroom , closing the door .
daniel 's scent was everywhere in the room driving her crazy with need .
the scent of her arousal filled the air .
` ` your scent , and my wolf is driving me crazy telling me to claim you .
` ` the scent of burning flesh , dawn .
how can you cover my scent ?
daniel stood to his full height , the scent of his wolf coming to the fore for all of them to know he meant business .
the scent of her arousal filled the room , making it harder for him to concentrate on the latest email .
the scent of her intensified , getting stronger with every step he took .
the mating scent came from him , swirling around them as they drank and f**ked .
the scent of whizz surrounded her .
the scent of her pussy was driving him crazy .
the scent of her was driving him crazy .
* * * * her scent would stay with him forever .
the scent of the coffee was making her want to run for the hills .
her musky scent and taste turned him on .
the scent of her had long since gone from his house .
the scent was to die for , and she was feeding for two .
i knew the scent of bacon would lure you out of hibernation , '' mary teased , sending holly a knowing smile .
her scent , her kisses , her beauty .
she stalked out of the restaurant , leaving the distinct scent of chanel no .
hopefully , if he presented it right , he could get janica off the scent of his actual nefariousness .
his wonderful but inquisitive mom would be like a bloodhound after a scent if she thought that simon 's interest was anything but casual .
he showered quickly , hating the fact that he was washing away her scent , and made his way to the kitchen , wondering if kara was still asleep .
his scent had n't changed , and it was still as tempting as it had been all those years ago .
forget what it felt like to lose yourself in maddie 's softness , her scent , the feel of her lush curves and deliciously eager mouth .
her scent , the feel of her body made him f**king insane .
his domination aroused her , his scent enveloped her in carnal desire .
breathing in the scent of him , tasting him , feeling that massive c**k against her core turned her wild , insane to have him inside her .
she 'd been in the very same position many times before , and she recognized his painful grip and the sweaty scent of his large body .
sometimes he even swore he caught her scent every now and then , a ghostly aroma of what she had smelled like in her arousal .
his scent intoxicated her .
` ` all he 'd have to do is smell your intoxicating scent and he 'd try to steal you away . ''
the man picked up his pint and jostled past me , and i absolutely did not notice the scent of his cologne .
as we glided past a throng of people , i caught a slightly familiar scent .
the unmistakable unique scent of man , of this man , so close to my nose , the natural musk of his body for once not overpowered with something that came out of a bottle .
there 's something about standing so close to a man like that , close to his scent , the heat of his body .
he does n't stop f**king my mouth with his until the scent of burning egg wafts through the air .
i need him to spread his feral scent all over me as he takes me as his to do with as he likes , because i want to be a part of him .
work , worry , everything except his scent , his body did n't matter .
it must have been enough to throw her off my scent because she breezed out of my office with a shrug , i dropped my painful grin and started freaking out .
` ` a familiar scent for you , huh ? ''
as if they could smell our scent , they turned in our direction .
the scent of exhaust fumes and asphalt did n't invade my vents .
she was like a hound on a scent and she was n't going to let him off the hook until he spilled his guts .
the sharp scent spike a fresh wave of arousal coursing through him and he could already feel the wet , welcoming warmth of her pussy closing around his cock as he rammed it deep inside her .
for example , he now knew what a nauseatingly chipper morning person she was , that she cooked the best breakfasts on the planet , and that she sneezed every time she smelled the scent of dish detergent .
i do a quick sweep of the furniture and walls , looking for any tell - tale trinkets , but other than hunter 's scent , there is no evidence that this room is his .
i get a f**ked up feeling when i come here , probably because the decor on the inside and the scent of cheap floor shiner remind me of rita ; she worked , for a time , as a secretary to the probate judge back in orleans parish .
a moment passes , and i notice her scent .
the familiar scent of him .
she 's sitting up straighter in her seat and leaning forward , looking from me to marchant like a bloodhound on a scent .
his skin and his scent .
i hope he likes the scent .
i picked up the envelope and caught the faint scent of mr . stone .
it was n't hard with his scent all around me and the recent memory of it to help me along .
he was a good head and shoulders taller than she was even in her high heels , and she caught the scent of him as she drew level .
dan considered her for a few seconds more , and then turned and opened the door , leaving sophie with just the scent of another woman 's perfume to remind her that her husband had been there at all .
the scent of him filled her head , making her want to lick his neck .
` ` i did not go to sleep , '' she said , nuzzling her face into his neck to get closer to the scent of him .
he 'd always enjoyed the scent of a man who 'd just worked hard .
it was as if brad had richie 's scent and he was on his tail .
the scent of your blood lingering in the air is not safe . ''
and then i stepped inside the house , and was battered by the heady , intoxicating scent of a female of my own species .
the scent of a frightened vampire moving at speed towards the thick woodland that lay to the north of the property .
i followed the scent until it disappeared suddenly in the middle of the barn .
a few empty bags lay on the floor here , but they certainly did nt carry that scent .
and when he d found oscars headless corpse , and smelled the scent of the male vampire who had knelt there and ambushed his coven , he had a pretty good idea of what had happened .
his scent was exhilarating .
there s no point in throwing her off the scent .
~~~ the days passed with no sight , sound , or scent of mare to tempt him .
crates and the scent of rotting fish surrounded him as his boots made a rhythmic clop , clop , clop , clop on the stones .
and you seem to be the very scent of the sea and the adventures that wait there , he whispered as he pressed his lips against her hair .
setzers grasp tightened on her arms -- the warmth , the presence of skin , the scent of passion , songs and laughter -- he pushed her roughly away .
it smelled of bleach and disinfectant , the too - clean scent of hospital linen .
there was , however , the scent of something citrus in the room .
somehow , the scent was stronger here .
anya could smell the scent of the outdoors on his shirt , as well as his own bodys scent .
i recognized torins familiar scent , his voice .
missed his scent .
his scent , his addictive taste , the feel of his hard , hot body .
i think you re mom would like to help us about this thing i caught the scent of myrtle .
her innocent scent .
to throw her off my scent , i turned the conversation back to her .
fake crying to throw dusty off the scent was nt the same .
as i neared the room i caught a familiar scent .
baxter 's sharp nose must have caught the scent of the food because he started to paw at janet 's legs .
find your scent and stick to it .
he subconsciously told himself to ignore her advances , knowing that he was correct in his assumptions , because the scent was so strong it was a good bet that it had only just been splashed onto her body just before he had arrived .
she did nt slow down , did nt calm down , until the cottage warmth enveloped her and the scent of something roasting momentarily triumphed over her rage .
it held nothing but the tinkers alcohol , and the scent of meat was nearly too much for her .
possibly rabbit , from the scent wafting to the rafters .
as the scent of my blood filled the hot room , aaron became uneasy , squirming around a little .
he sniffed viktors collar , his brows shot up , grigori snickered at the scent of silver that lined viktors waistcoat and jacket that assailed him , a tadimmature ?
he deduced that the vampire must have been on the island a long time , having to deal with the caribbean heat , in order to allow its body to pass along its scent so strongly to a human .
he growled , feeling savage , desperate to take her , to imprint her with his shape as well as his scent .
the faint scent of blood complicated the distinct smell of sweat .
her eyes widened and the scent of fear exploded in his nose .
it made sense now why his scent was so strong to me and how he was able to find me that day in the forest .
his scent , his belongings , all of it would be gone before she returned to new york or her name was nt paige frey .
paige wrapped the pile of clothing in the bed linens that still bore his scent and wrestled the whole bundle down the wide staircase , dragged it behind her through the house , out the back door and into the burn pit it went .
dr . strangelove , born on the fourth of july , daredevil , scent of a woman , and george wallace ; all movies with disabled male characters .
but if they follow our scent , the elevator wo n't hold them for long . ''
but if there was a strong enough scent to grab their attention , if they were starving or focused on a kill , they could be faster than any normal human being and more cunning than humanly possible .
the scent of a small animal filled its nostrils and it darted its head that way , tracking the trail .
the sudden scent of blood filled the air , a tidal wave of copper and heat .
underlying the overwhelming stench of blood , he caught the scent of something elsesomeone elsea scent he d not come across for several years .
the scent of wolfnot a natural packbut a member of his own kind .
hopefully , no one would notice them missing right away or haverly would be able to make some kind of excuses to throw them off the scent .
its ears were pricked for sound , nostrils flared for the scent of danger .
she stood close enough to smell the musky scent of wolf , to feel the heat of his breath against her skin .
ill try to put them off the scent .
his scent was somewhere between musky and fresh pine , all male , all familiar .
beneath that , coming from the closed room , he smelled things that should not have had a scent : sunshine and rain , moon light and a nights breeze .
her scent was starting things off again .
his wonderful but inquisitive mom would be like a bloodhound after a scent if she thought that simons interest was anything but casual .
she recognized her own scent and her mates .
an involuntary growl rolled out of her throat when she recognized the wolfs scent .
so ill have your scent while were apart .
his scent was completely obliterated .
but then jason had made a move that had put his chest right in her face , and she had made the mistake of inhaling his scent .
the scent of the coffee was making her nauseous again .
i was supposed to meet with mr . campbell , but - the scent of her sickness still permeated the air .
at first i thought maybe she noticed deans eyes too , but her nostrils flared , as if she was trying to catch a scent .
outside of the dorm , anita found the scent of her room and she scaled the side of the brick building and climbed into her open window .
the four of us used the stairs to go up to the fourth floor instead of the elevator , that way anita and dean could gage if there were any scents that did not belong .
once we made it to the fourth floor , the odor changed from antique texts and dust , to a mingling of the dry scent of vampires .
anitas fangs pushed out when she caught hold of the scent .
i hope i can find a trace of magic , or maybe dean and anita can pick up the vampires scent .
yeah , anita picked up the scent of more than one vampire in the library .
the sharp chill of the air even smelled cold , and not only because of the lingering scent of smoke , but the tangy smell of cold itself .
she did nt wear perfume , which allowed me to catch the barest whiff of were - cougar on her despite the cloying human scent .
there was no scent of anyone recently nearby , but it was hard to tell , since my property always smelled like wolves .
i had nt bothered to get rid of them yet , and at least they masked the scent of the garbage outside .
eventually , jackson was going to follow my scent and come up to bed and then what ?
jacksons scent wasdifferent .
once again , laundry was piled everywhere ( that s what happens when you chase everyone away and fall into a two - week - long - bout of grief and depression ) and my scent was appallingly strong .
he smelled like sweat and wolf and that spicy faint scent i was coming to identify as jackson .
we wrestled , chased each other , and then played a wolf version of hide and seek where you attempted to hide your scent trail from the others .
i bounded through the woods , lungs full of night air and the scent of the trees .
thought i d disguise my scent , roscoe drawled .
i smelled bathshebas scent as soon as we walked in - human female , covered by the thick scent of a feline .
i smelled bathshebas scent as soon as we walked in - human female , covered by the thick scent of a feline .
i was shocked at how many had turned out , and my nostrils filled with the scents of were - bear , were - otter , and some i could nt even name .
dan had gone out with jackson , spearheading search parties as they combed the woods , looking for the scent of a young child .
he d taken over things with brutal efficiency , handing out baby clothes for the others to get the scent , warning the alliance members about roscoe and the possibility of a fight , and returning every so often to caress my cheek and reassure me that things would be fine .
love the scent of you in my nostrils .
there was nothing quite like that scent .
` ` sometimes , certain creatures give off a scent .
you keepers give off a certain scent , you see .
you re apparently stitched together at the knees and do nt feel lust , so that scent was really hard to find .
i can only conclude you came because you stalked the scent of the keeper down .
and mikey , you could nt pick up his scent ?
its not just your scent either , michael continues , unfazed , almost as if he is surprised by what he s sensing .
the scent of blood was in the woods now .
josh glanced at randy then back to elizabeth and said , baby , it was hungry.it probably caught scent of the chicken you were grilling and then saw charlie.bears are predators .
the scent of blood , the chicken on the grill , and charlie running in the yard was the perfect combination to work that bear into frenzy .
we have to leave the scent here , or those wolves will be on us fast .
josh nodded silently ; the scent of death filled the garage with its pungent odor .
the smell of fear and uncertainty was a highly discernible scent among the hallowed halls of executive office suites .
and in the years since their first meeting , the very scent of it had never failed to grasp his attention .
she ran , her nose taking in the scents that surrounded her : assorted animals , the decaying undergrowth under her paws , the fresh green of summer saplings as she ducked under them .
she detected his scent as he approached ; he smelled of the forest after a rain coupled with just a touch of medical disinfectant .
he stiffened , testing the wind for a scent before deciding the newcomer was downwind .
they hurried through the thick woods until she could detect the scents of micah , butch , ellis and her father .
chase caught the scent at the same time and put his hand back .
there are no new scents in the woods .
inhaling , he could smell carson 's scent .
she has n't been gone that long , so her scent has to be close .
though her body was tired , her senses slowly sharpened and she could hear the heartbeat of someone in the corner , could even smell his scent .
her scent fades right outside the front door .
i do n't get it jeff ; it takes days for a wolf 's scent to fully dissipate .
i know this sounds a little weird , but i was curious if you knew of any reason why our scouts ca n't find carson 's scent .
no scent at all ?
nobody can figure it out a wolf 's scent stays for several days .
there 's no scent trail , so she 's in human form .
his scent filled her nostrils ; it was rancid like old oil mixed with decaying trees .
saliva and something else i did nt even want to identify dripped from her open mouth and the pure , undiluted scent of rotting flesh filled the air .
i immediately gagged on the stronger scent of everything rotten and frozen inside .
the minute our fleshy - blood scent wafted through the air , they would become a frenzied , teaming horde , intent on eating our faces .
as she moved , he caught a drift of her scent .
watching kevan hunt through the room ramped up their wariness and concern , especially when she caught the scent of something .
she remained serene and silent as if she repelled the darkness with her scent .
how hard it is to find your human thoughts in a brain filled with scent and sound .
the coffee pot dripped beside me and the scent of it started to fill the room .
you might want to sashay your ass out of here before some of the others catch your scent .
he stopped when the muzzle of the weapon prevented him from moving farther and took a deep whiff of her scent .
and , frankly your scent brings out the beast in me .
yeah , i ca nt get away from her scent .
the scent of her arousal engulfed him , and his animal started to yank at its leash .
el turned his face into wind , seeking out the slim thread of scent which would lead him to the errant lion .
the scent of her arousal had him adjusting his dick , human women were so predictable .
he claimed to have used his sense of smell to follow my beautiful scent through the city .
eugenia tried not to gag on the cloying scent of chanel no .
i could nt get the scent of you out of my head , or the taste of you off my tongue .
it had been her scent , but not that alone , there was something else .
i am not sure if it 's your scent or your energy .
what are you talking about the scent or energy ?
the whole book is dramatic tammy said , taking a massive lung full dante 's scent .
the scent that had drawn him originally to her .
the tray gage held in his other hand reeked so strongly of garlic that it overpowered any other scent within ten feet .
the smoky scent of the fire clung there still .
lizzie , you are a rare flower , and i am delighted to have the opportunity to care for you , if only for a few short hours until other single gentlemen pick up your scent , as it were .
the places where i d hit the werewolf with the fire spells only created small charred spots in its fur and left behind the faint scent of burnt hair .
the fire and scent of burning hair had been real .
the overwhelming scent of blood , urine , and bleach to a fledgling werewolf was nearly enough to make me vomit .
a scent so intense and full of memory she froze in her tracks .
the scent lingered .
the mighty horses nostrils flared as he strained to catch an unknown scent .
perhaps the wind had increased the wolfs scent and it had become extremely strong to the horse .
it looked back only once towards the human whose scent it now strongly detected .
samson , i m sure that your forefathers knew that wolf scent means trouble .
at last pete caught the scent he had been searching for on a path that led directly to the cattle pens .
the scent of an expensive perfume reached him .
the rhino snorted , adjusted its feet in a rude shuffle as the wind changed direction , and picking up their scent , lowered its head and charged .
she liked a man who did nt saturate himself with too much scent .
itstirred her , particularly his scent .
but then his own taste , his own scent came through , and she was lost in the sensation of him .
in the balmy spring of late april , windows were open on the suburban houses ; dogs barked and kids played in yards while the scent of cooking meat emanated from backyards .
alisha commented , what is that scent ?
dorian caught a scent on him he d never worn before .
there were so many of them , with their scents so strong and conflicting , and the cacophony was so constant , dorian had to steel herself from overreacting .
its scent was strong .
just the sight of her , the sound of her voice , her scent was more than enough to affect him in painful ways .
he was so fucking sexy : his scent , his voice , his words and his body , the confident way he moved , how he knew exactly how to please a woman .
i want your scent .
the smoke from the smoldering fire quickly dissipated on the brisk wind ; but the odor lingered , giving the entire area the scent of a cabin in the woods .
the breath i took at that moment was intensely satisfying with the exception of the menacing scent from the flames nearby .
they smelled of blood and death and she nearly gagged as the scent of them and her mothers blood surrounded her .
connor smelled it too , old blood and the faint scent of decay .
the scent of blood had the desired effect .
your scent is like a drug .
even though he could tell when a woman of his kind was fertile by her scent , he was determined not to take any chances .
the clerk , a gray - haired gentleman with the scent of tobacco heavy around him , took the card and turned away , apparently to take down the numbers .
john screamed , and liam smelled the scent of burning flesh , which gave him the dry heaves .
though thickened by fog , the scent was distinct ; it lingered .
all provided a scent that could be tracked .
her scent is so thick in the air , eugene menaced as he sniffed the air dramatically .
the scent of their death would be intoxicating , exhilarating .
the scent , dank and dense , mixed with animal spoor , became overwhelming .
now only the familiar faint scent of sweat and old tennis shoes remained to even hint at the activity of a short while ago .
she liked his scent .
the scent of the blood hit my nose and my nostrils flared .
although they exchanged pleasantries , gail melted away quickly , but not before ryan caught the scent animosity between the two women .
all of a sudden , jeromes face became serious and worried as angelica and thomas both caught the scent of smoke .
the barking and howling grew louder , and i knew the wolves had captured our scent .
the mountain lion had been frightened away by him , and he d told me it was because of his scent .
why are nt you trying to lie to me and get me off your scent ?
then he 'd caught her scent .
he 'd just been passing through town , heading for the woods in search of food , when he 'd caught her scent .
his reddened eyes latched on cassie , his lips pulled back in a sneer as he caught scent of what he thought would be the easier prey .
then , the scent of her blood hit him with the force of a wrecking ball .
the scent of her blood in the open air was the most enticing thing he 'd ever encountered .
devon turned as julian rushed past devon , the frenzying scent of her blood had taken control of him .
i kept a good distance , tracking the slight scent you were leaving behind .
` ` so ... can you disguise my scent ? ''
if i ' m close enough to you , i can mask your scent to a certain degree .
he was working hard to cover your scent completely .
it wo n't completely cover your scent once you ' ve evolved - or inherited your powers , rather - but for now , it 'll keep you safe .
only a slight bit of your essence escapes , however , i have n't sensed anyone close enough to track you , though your scent is still all over the woods .
bradbury 's have strong magic , so the scent of their essences are very strong as well .
she prayed that her scent was n't on jaslene .
` ` i thought a bodyguard had to cover my scent .
i had grabbed some of the talismans that helped to block my scent for the times i was n't in my car .
iris told me once that it was a special concoction that would strip you of your scent for up to four days .
your scent is far more appalling than the usual maggots i encounter . ''
after she was gone , the scent of his cologne seemed to follow her .
it 's really hard to explain , but i could feel her senses prickling with awareness , sight , scent , hearing , even touch probing the darkness .
i have n't seen or heard anyone , but i keep getting this scent , like someone 's here . ''
i was n't disappointed , his scent was every bit as spectacular as i expected .
there was the obvious , jason 's scent and my longing for his bloodthen there was the just plain longing for himobviously his mother was n't thrilled with me or the whole situationhow was i going to feedshe was lurking around every corner .
jason 's scent , laced with anger was over the tophis mother 's did n't help matters .
` ` humph , it masks your natural scent too much . ''
to the extent that no sooner had they thrown one follower off the scent , then another would pick up the trail and be on their heels .
she inhaled and reveled in the sensation of being enveloped in him , his scent , his strength and his love .
suddenly i catch the scent of smoke when the breeze shifts into my direction .
i wake in the morning to the scent of drake .
williams semiconscious brain attempted to sort the two scents out .
her sensitive nose caught a trace of a familiar scent , there and gone in an instant .
the scent of blood .
once the elevator door closed , the scent got suddenly stronger and lucian gave her a predatory smile as he walked towards her .
the doors opened to the suffocating scent of rot and death .
fritz stepped out , bringing the scent of evil back to the stables .
her teeth flashed in the darkness and fritz screamed , his fear adding to the delicious scent of prey .
he could tell by her scent .
i recognized you the moment i caught your scent .
the scent of baby powder told him one of them was carrying ethan .
but her attention was distracted from the task of putting a name to the scent when she heard a gentle creaking .
she caught a whiff of his scent .
she caught his scent again .
the house had a scent .
i could detect her scent in the hospital room even with the potent disinfectant filling the air .
her scent taunting him from the depths of his memory .
maybe with his scent on her pillow she would smell him after he left .
even when he could nt smell her scent anymore on his shirt .
by the time the last move was complete , the scent of her had slid into his memory , woven into a fantasy that would have shocked her .
inhaling deeply , i can not even detect a trace scent from any of the surrounding trees that is fresh .
i want them to know that i am there , especially because their mother could not be , but i do nt want to be so close that my scent will confuse them during the first few moments after the transformation .
despite our best efforts we are unable to catch up to them and lose their scent at the riverbank .
the scent ...
putting my hand up to stop him , i recognized the scent as well and i had nt forgotten about them , but i do nt think that they would be on the land now , if they wanted an encounter they would have stopped and engaged when we were chasing them , they are well aware of how much stronger they are .
they wo nt come back tonight , knowing that we caught their scent .
i hear gabriel explaining that we caught two scents from williams coven and their angry , growling responses .
gabriel told me whose scent you caught .
james is in the archway , probably realizing the danger if they should wake and only smell his scent .
cassandra , can you help mask my scent if i were to show up as william ?
if cassandra can mask our scent , maybe we can capitalize on the anonymity that our costumes will provide .
returning , we divide the room between damian , catherine , jackson , eva , francis , lucas , reginald , amanda , cassandra and i. cassandra insists on staying with me and said she could mask our scents easily so that we could travel amongst them without detection .
i bathed in the pool each time after seeing him , but they were becoming more able to cope with his scent , so it was n't as much of a problem as it had been at first .
i 'd been so wrapped up in everything that i had n't realized just how crowded the gym had become , but it did n't take long for the human scent to become overwhelming .
i picked up the heightened sense in her scent .
we also left our scent along some of their migratory routes which benjamin hoped would turn more in our direction .
we were n't alone , but whoever it was , was distant , only a faint scent on the breeze .
it was quiet outside , no sign or scent of our intruder .
i thought back to the nights i 'd spent in his house , in his room trying to learn to cope with his scent , but it was more than thateven theni knew there was going to be so much more to us than just predator and prey .
with all the activity , it was getting hot on the dance floor and the intense human scent finally forced me to retreat .
` ` your scent would only add to her agony . ''
` ` i know my scent will intensify her thirst , but i also know she can see beyond that primal craving and recognize that i ' m herehere for her and that everything is going to be alrightwe are going to be alright . ''
halfway up there was a strong scent of jason 's blood from the cave , but the boys accelerated and it faded behind us .
this was what , and whom i wanted , but the scent was weak , wateryit did n't matter .
if not for the sound of his heart , and his scent , i might have thought they had changed him .
my nostrils flared at the new scent when tink returned .
` ` i see , '' elizabeth said , ` ` it explains why your scent was not as strong . ''
we 'd gone about a mile when i caught the scent of a predator , perhaps the mate of hayley and tink 's previous kill .
they had obviously picked up on the scent of jason 's blood .
tink , melanie and nathan peeled away , retreating from the alluring scent of jason 's blood .
the scent filled the air again .
but there was that scent again .
it was replaced by a new unknown scent that filled his mind .
the scent of her gift , her blood .
he could nt get her scent off his mind .
you mean we have a unique scent ?
her scent trailed in the air , strong , pungent .
they covered their noses from the scent .
he could smell the scent of someone breathing inches from him in the darkness of the void .
there was a scent to him that she was entrenched in .
the scent still lingered even after the cleaners had done their job .
the taste , the scent , the heat of those lips , it was all turning his mind to a puddle .
thank god she did nt know where he lived ; otherwise , this house would be infested with her scent again .
i brushed past him , holding my breath in the hope that if i did n't breathe in his scent , i would n't be affected .
the entire hall reeked of that eau du guy scent already , and it was only move - in day .
her head started to spin , swamped with the scent and taste and feel of him .
once he d gotten her scent , tessa stroked the pretty white blaze enjoying the soft hair and skin of busters face .
i think they just wanted the money and emails to go through me to try to throw the law off their scents .
it stirred me in much the same way catching a whiff of his scent did .
she reached down to pet taffy , who nuzzled her knees , probably detecting the scent of two small children on their mother .
the fire snapped , and its scent made her nostrils burn .
he moves like a large cat , pacing back and forth inside a strange cage , perhaps leaving a scent in every corner , evidence that he exists , that he was here , that he knows where he is when in fact he is too hungry to know anything .
jeff gave a soft bark as he picked up the scent and began to follow it as tom walked with oliver and kit to olivers car .
the scent of blood andwas that some kind of deer ?
the scent of male and musk overpowered her .
she caught the faint scent of pine wood .
from him , or had the scent released from the nearby trees in the july heat and carried to her on the slight breeze ?
the scent of gasoline assailed her nostrils .
ever since she 'd died , cassie had n't really noticed much except the light scent of a ozone that came from whichever direction jeremiel was standing , but instead of gagging her the way ' old people ' scent usually did , it was somehow reassuring .
if you know what to look for , it is nt that hard to pick up the scent .
jess stayed an inch away from the man , catching the scent of his body odor .
he picked out five male voices and six human scents , with an overlay of pizza and fried beef .
staring through the small space between the duffel bags , he scoped out the layout , then focused on his own facial , scent , and voice recognition via good ole brain power .
by the walkabout gods , though , he had their individual scents .
damien 's on - the - hunt scent for the infiltrator , her , hit sulandra 's nostrils like acid .
unable to see , yorgo crashed about searching for her by scent .
` ` wolves know their mates by scent .
it showed up in his scent .
he caught a whiff of her scent at the head of a dim - lit corridor and risked a look inside .
one was one of the golden eagle twinsrafe , by his scent .
a she - wolf 's hiked scent hit his nose and a tongue crammed into his mouth .
snow had blunted all scent from the forest today .
damn , her body was responding to the look of him , the pine and sandalwood scent of him , the deep timbre of his voice .
i was about to dump them in the wastebasket when the scent assaulted my senses again .
ca nt say , he says , taking a big whiff of my scent .
the scent of a fine woman .
your scent can make a woman faint with longing .
we had to learn how to act like everyone else so that david would not suspect what we are and learn how to mask our scent .
catching her scent , i push forward .
gregs scent is so much stronger ; the other scent is barely noticeable .
i m going to see if i can find anything out or trace the scent .
we do nt know who it is or if they are still around , but it is definitely a human scent and we do nt want to draw too much attention .
the voice of the man speaking was nt gregs and something is telling me the lesser scent is important , but i ca nt really tell you why , its a feeling .
you are right about the scent , i smelled greg near where we found her , but as i followed the trace scent , it became stronger back near the football field but then disappeared by the parking lot .
you are right about the scent , i smelled greg near where we found her , but as i followed the trace scent , it became stronger back near the football field but then disappeared by the parking lot .
knowing i will encounter greg today and that his scent saturated the clothes of the man who kicked julianne , probably hit her from behind , and threatened her , i know i have to be very careful .
if you do , it will alert him that we know they are connected and may even have him taking a closer look at us because , remember , it is only his scent that made us aware that they are connected at all and humans can not detect such .
we even have the scent of the man who did it thanks to you .
i know that you are going to see if you can detect who it is or if you get that scent off of anyone .
by the time we realized there was more than one of them , last nights rain had taken away any trace scents .
taking in a deep breath , he is too far away and the smells around are too much for me to really get a good scent , but the voice , is unmistakable .
i tried to search for a scent , but it disappeared .
paul grabs my wrist and pulls me into the supply closet just as i catch the scent of principal walker .
i was supposed to deliver some papers she requested when i caught your scent .
when we arrive , jeff maneuvers us into the kitchen for a snack and to do our homework and i m surprised that mom and dad do nt come out to see us because i caught their scent as soon as we entered and know it is not from this morning .
as soon as mom tells dad about brian , he grabs me and we are off trying to see if we can detect his scent leaving mom and uncle gabriel .
although may i ask , how you are hiding your scent .
when we shook hands , she did nt feel hot , nor did i get the faint scent that i detect near jeff and the other wolves , so i do nt think that she is a wolf , but i did see shadows around her , but were they surrounding her because she is a witch or were they surrounding her for some other reason ?
the child on their plane is not far from the site , take their scents and track him .
when oliver left the room , i missed him ; and when he came back i outright savored his beauty , his laughter , his charm , his very scent .
the scent of sulfur was enough for everyone still in the chamber to know exactly what was going to happen .
the faint trace of the scent of him on the pillow .
the sight of him , the strength of him , even the scent of him drove her crazy .
instead he put just enough on so that a woman could sense a subtle amount so that she would want to move in closer to get a better scent of him , just like i wanted to do now .
he was trying to memorize the scent in case she decided to leave him again .
this man , his touch , his scent , the sound of his voice , his very breath at this moment eclipsed everything in her past and filled her with a longing to live sheltered in his arms .
it pleased to her to have the scent of his clothing among her things , but she was still uneasy with his invitation to her parents .
the causes were all present in her mind , but the scent of him , the nearness of him clouded the obstacles , which she knew was why she 'd avoided him all this time .
i realized then that i had even missed his scent .
usually just the scent of food drove their direction towards it , especially with kyle and liam .
the scent of the building an odd mix of stale air and cafeteria food was the same , the walls were painted the same shade of institutional mint green , and even the floor tiles were the same drab gray and green .
all are what i ve come to recognize as the scent of home .
he tried not to breath in her scent of onions and something worse he could nt quite identify .
her scent stops here .
her gaze narrowed as she picked up his scent .
the scent of his lust grew stronger by the moment and she - damn it al -was n't immune .
yet when he 'd researched her , he 'd heard the stories of her hunts- she was like a lycan on the scent when she pursued , dogged and unwavering , dependable for those who hunted with her .
she stepped outside into the chil y desert night and took a deep breath of air untainted by the primal scent of hardworking lycans .
agitated by the scent of desire , he shoved a meaty hand through his electric orange hair .
the stench of fear and pain stil clung to her skin , which might have been why she 'd buried her nose in his scent instead .
` ` elijah- '' tugging her closer , he gripped her nape and pul ed her face into the crook of his neck , where he knew his scent would be concentrated .
she was right on his tail , tracking the scent of him that seemed embedded in her senses .
elijah 's tail disappearing through a broken window directed her along with his scent .
he 'd goaded the chase that led to this ambush and then provoked elijah by attacking the woman covered in his scent .
the familiar scent that had sent her claws into retreat was elijah 's .
it was so similar to the scent she 'd loathed viciously for so long , yet none of her painful past touched him .
and i think it 's possible you recognized his scent from charron 's attack without realizing it .
` ` not typic - ` ` and then i caught a scent of something sharp and sneezed again .
his scent came as a mixture of alcohol and smoke , and the combination made her sick to her stomach .
nikki was gone and there was a trace scent of lycan dogs around the helicopter . ''
` ` lycans sense danger in the air before we catch scent of it , '' he pressed .
protecting her by not blowing the scent of lycan and angel around .
leaping over a fallen pine tree , she closed the distance between them - close enough to smell the fear underlying the lycan 's natural scent .
she caught his wrists , so lost to the scent and taste of him that she did n't realize they were moving until her back came up against a wall .
the cloying scents could n't hide the lush smell of sex from the powerful nostrils of an angel , but at least he could show respect by making the effort .
lindsay 's scent was all over him , and from the flaring of elijah 's nostrils , the lycan recognized that .
` ` how can you even presume to , after coming here with the scent of a mortal woman all over you ? ''
i did n't mean to put my scent on you .
neither did anything to disguise the scent of sex with him , which was skin deep .
the uncanny wind that always seemed to follow lindsay blew past him , carrying the blood - rich scent of vampire .
followed swiftly by the identifying scent of her guard dog ...
gaining his feet , he ran his hands through his hair , painfully aroused by the feel of lindsay , the scent of her , the sound of her voice .
the scent of the creature 's blood drove her wild .
i could smell the scent of freshly mowed grass .
his senses were still awash in the woman 's scent .
the scent of her arousal tickled his nostrils and the look of abject need on her lovely face nearly weakened his resolve .
he loved the smell of her , always , but especially when he 'd made love to her the night before , and she bore the strong musky scent of him between her legs .
grey helped himself liberally ; the scent was n't quite the same as what he had smelled earlier on the scout , but it was very similar , and he felt an odd sense of disturbance in its application .
the brimstone smell of slowmatch was thick , pungent above the scent of powder - smoke ; the artillerymen held their fire as well .
the scent of the dark grey powder in the vial held the ghost of something familiar - but it had been thirty years .
she did n't blink at his clothes , but her nostrils flared at him , as though she picked up the scent of the dives and alleys he had come from .
she drank in their scent and felt her blood pressure drop .
she pulled off the cheesy blond wig she 'd bought to keep photographers off her scent , and loosed her hair from its bun .
i used to catch your scent when you walked past me , and it made me drunker than a bottle of age - old whiskey .
he still raised his fingers to his nose and swore he caught her scent .
i turned a street corner in paris and caught your scent , but when i looked for you , there was only an empty roadway ... why ca n't i get rid of this hole in my gut ?
he could smell the scent of wolf blood on julia 's body .
it was a different world when she was in wolf form , a world in which sounds and scents were just as vibrant and meaningful as lights and colors , a world in which she could sprint faster and jump higher than any human could dream of .
there had been so many people coming through the woods recently that damien 's nose picked up a jumble of scents .
then she was a wolf entirely , her scent a wolf 's scent .
then she was a wolf entirely , her scent a wolf 's scent .
then he sensed something else , a scent that crossed his nose and made him stop in his tracks .
the scent was a bad scent .
the scent was a bad scent .
it was the scent of death , of danger , but it disappeared as quickly as it came .
` ` it 's alright , '' damien said again , but he could not forget the scent that had caught him by surprise in the forest .
damien started moving in the direction of the scent , as best he could gauge it .
the scent was slipping away .
then she could sense it - mara 's scent , familiar and comfortable .
` ` by scent , yeah ! ''
` ` sure , but the only scent here is from members of the pack . ''
the transformation was complete in two seconds , and the scent hit his nose before his front paws even hit the ground .
she gave off a different scent in wolf form , a coarse , earthy scent .
no sooner had he noticed this than a fresh wave of scent washed over him - blood .
finally , the pack and its captives slowed down as they approached a heavy concentration of wolf scent , presumably their den .
it had happened years ago , so many that the scent should not remain in the air , and yet here it was .
even when barbara was home for brief periods , the scent had never left her skin and hair .
that noxious scent of dog poop wafting through the cab , well , it came from my shoes .
and he 'd done it to make me feel better , i suspected , not to throw me off the scent of his bad behavior .
i loved- no , hated - loved - hated the way his scent and heat surrounded me every time he was near .
` ` none of the scents were right .
when he does it , he moves in closer to me and i catch his scent .
he would never tire of her scent .
she skimmed her palms over him and heard him groan , loving the feel of him and the scent of him .
her scent was driving him wild .
i want the scent of you on me .
now , to have the very scent of her filling his nostrils , the curve of her bare shoulder beneath his palm , the warmth of her body next to him , was driving him mad again with appreciation and anticipation .
he may still be lingering on her skin in that deep , sensitive part of her belly , and the scent of him might still be on her sweater - and maybe in the crook of her elbow , and behind her earlobe and - oh stop it , laura , just stop it .
the scent of both when they - ` ` how much longer ? ''
tipping her head down , she inhaled slowly , primally as she pulled up , the room filled with moist heat and the scent of three , the thought combining with her faster movements , her body f**king him now , the one who maintained the pace , who took the rising ball of lust inside her , which expanded and grew until - starbursts .
no matter how subtle her scent was , he could pick it out , even if she was in a room surrounded by over scented socialites .
he reached an open doorway and could smell her scent drifting out to him .
she laid there for an incredibly long time , desire churning inside her , his scent surrounding her in the most pleasant ways .
his scent was messing with my head .
she 'd immediately given them away , disliking the pungent scent .
his scent hit me and almost knocked me off my feet .
other than the scent of the stranger , i knew nothing about who was in here and i hated not being able to see what was coming at me .
at some point when i 'd been upstairs f**king hanna , or maybe when i 'd been madly washing her scent off my dick and my fingers and my face , her father had arrived home .
chapter 16 nothing like the scent of leather , sweat , and lube to get me hard , add a sprinkle of the sounds of flesh meeting flesh and a few high pitched moans and i ' m in heaven .
the sounds get louder still , and when the underbrush parts , a yellow colored golden retriever struts into our small clearing , its tail wagging as it chases some invisible trail by scent .
cars honked all around us and the air filled with the pungent scent of tires skidding on asphalt .
i know from the acrid scent of gasoline that 's stinging my nose .
i should have known ; he 's going to trample me and mark me and send me out with his scent all over me .
he could smell his own scent , feel the clammy dampness of his skin .
probably did n't notice their scent , either .
he could still smell amy 's scent in the room .
chapter five amy got in the car with lucas , immediately becoming engulfed by his scent .
i ' ve gotten used to your scent invading every aspect of my workspace .
more silence engulfed them , making her hyper aware of his scent .
alex 's scent was enveloping her and she was hard pressed to keep him at an emotional distance .
the dogs smelled the area and then immediately started pulling at their chains to follow her scent .
she breathed a sigh of relief , though it did n't help being enveloped by his scent .
she could n't stay with him , in his bed , surrounded by his scent .
any scent on kinsey was enough to harden him .
` ` your scent sets me on fire . ''
it had rained all day , leaving the grounds smelling fresh , washing away any scent of the city drifting over .
it also left cav 's scent all over the place , which would slow down the dogs if they used them to track them when they blew this place .
` ` even if they 're trackers , '' he assured her , ` ` both of us have left our scents all over this place .
as he 'd also hoped , it appeared the dogs had n't been able to pick up their exit scent .
they were always cautious , even if there was no other sign of wolf scent .
she has no scent , '' he said .
when damien and jordan began to smell the scent of blood and wolves more strongly , they almost turned back .
` ` the scent is strong , '' jordan said .
` ` that would release more scent into the air .
in one narrow passageway , the scent of wolves grew so strong that damien thought that he might bolt at the slightest sound .
normal wolves would n't want to come close to his scent anyway , and kyle and jordan had assured him that there were no other shifter packs around .
even in his human form damien could smell the distinctive scent , sense the intelligence radiating from the animal .
` ` scent , usually , '' damien said , pulling out a cell phone from his pocket .
no wolf scent ? ''
he had n't thought it possible for such a scent to come out of a human 's mouth .
he could actually taste the scent , it was so strong and pungent .
at least , hethe consoled himself , she seemed to find no more pleasure in the scent than he himself did .
more importantly , so much for the wedding night , she thought with an amusement impeded only somewhat by the misery her own scent was causing her .
without further warning , she tossed the fur covering her aside , once again fanning the scent out at him .
her scent , on top of the garlic that had been plaguing his digestion ever since he consumed it , made a rotten combination .
she had taken his order seriously and brought anything that might be thought pleasing in scent .
he began to scrabble at the door latch again as she started forward , her scent billowing forward in a noxious cloud .
he was sure that if it had not been for her rude scent intruding on them , he would have consummated the wedding last night - and with lady helen 's blessing .
if she had known she would have so little chance to inflict herself on hethe , she would have had joan fully remove the scent .
beyond that strip of wood waited a woman whose scent could curl a man 's hair .
her scent stayed behind like an invisible sulfur cloud and it 's effect on wee hethe was devastating to say the least .
` ` can you not wear something over your nose to dull the scent ? ''
` ` then why was my mary able to get rid of your scent , whereas your joan could not ? ''
the rend might even have been in it when she had first donned it , but smelling as she had at the time , she had n't wished to risk ruining any of her newer gowns with the scent .
her nose twitched and she began to salivate as she caught the scent of a mouse .
she 'd always been able to smell emotion , but the scent seemed sharper now .
she 'd found him by scent and she was n't going to be refused .
but then sorcerers could mask their scent with magic .
her keen sense of smell , vision , hearing , her ability to scent emotions .
her scent , her skin , the fall of her hair , the sounds two people made when they discovered each other .
` ` there 's a scent , can you smell it ?
her body , her scent , her energy .
the scent of her arousal served to make his desire more urgent .
his eyes narrowed as he caught a faint trace of willow 's scent coming from the other man .
` ` we need something to give bummer the scent , '' the emperor said .
to bummer he said , ` ` this is the scent , little one .
find this scent . ''
` ` perhaps we should find something else to put him on the scent . ''
` ` i was more confident about the scent of my cooking . ''
the scent of him , the feel of him , the incredible joy of watching him with their infant daughter ...
although she was n't hungry , the instant barbie stepped into the lobby , the scent of popcorn made her mouth water .
i could smell him , that same scent from last night - wind , trees , a certain wildness .
a statue poised for flight the instant the scent of danger wafted past a twitching nostril .
that wild scent i 'd noticed last night - not unappealing , but rather arousing .
only that scent that was his alone - earth , air , forest , man .
i should have done something to stop him , but i caught the scent of his skin and my body responded , going tight and wet without him touching me at all .
the scent of searing fur and flesh hit me as soon as i stepped into the clearing .
the scent , combined with that of horseradish , reminded me of the wolf pyre in the woods .
the scent of scorched hair and cooking meat filled the air .
as he shucked the rest of the costume off , she caught the faint scent of him - wood smoke .
the acrid scent was unmistakable .
once inside he moved unerringly through the darkened house , following her scent and traversing the galleries without light until he found her .
the scent was there , i swear it , olivia . ''
what she did recall was the faint scent of his aftershave as he collected his lunch bucket from the counter and headed out the door .
the scent of the tide going out filled her nostrils .
she rubbed her cheek against the hard muscles of his chest , loving the feel , the sight , the scent of this man .
she even thought she detected the scent of hay on him .
the scent of death was one a man did n't quickly forget .
when dan worked in the woods , he always smelled like a christmas tree ... i recognized the scent .
the golden retriever sniffed at her legs suspiciously , recognizing the scent of other animals .
she smelled of gin and something else beneath it , something dark and sweet , a bit like james carstairs 's scent of burned sugar .
there was only the faint scent of something dry and as cold as old stone , or paper .
coat still on , will fol owed the scent of magic down the corridor .
the smel of rot wafted from them , blotting out the scent of the trees .
the address magnus had given him was on cheyne walk , down near the chelsea embankment , and will could already smel the familiar scent of the river , silt and water and dirt and rot .
the scent of them pleasantly assaulted her nose while she tried not to fester in her guilt of just finishing her secret ` ` coffee date '' with gavin .
it was everything about her , right down to the smell of her flesh - the things he would do just to obtain her scent .
the scent of pine .
the suave shampoo and menthol cigarette scent of her will be gone again .
there is a strange scent in the darkness .
a rush of air , sound , the scent of evil .
then i smelled the faint , acrid scent of a cigarette .
the scent of burning flesh was n't helping .
the scent of her arousal marked the air and he knew she was going to come again by the way she tightened up around him .
the brimstone smell of slow match was thick , pungent above the scent of powder smoke ; the artillerymen held their fire , as well .
his gaze lowered to the gun , and i was distracted by the scent of him .
the scent of blood reached me long before i found the source .
i strained my ears but heard only the wind , sniffed the air and caught nothing but the scent of snow and crazy billy .
too faint to tell , almost as if the scent were a memory or a ghost .
i tried to pin his scent , but he 'd showered so recently i caught only a whiff of soap and damp hair .
the taste , the scent , only tempted me to give in to the wildness i kept trapped inside .
i heard things no man could hear , saw worlds beyond imagination , caught the scent of wolves that could n't be real , heard them , too , like a ghostly pack circling through the sky .
i headed north , trying to catch a familiar scent but having very little luck .
as i shook my coat , i could have sworn i caught the scent of werewolf .
the odd , faint scent of wolf distracted me .
i caught a faint scent and followed it to the trees .
but now i know why i saw wolf shadows at lydia 's and caught the scent of wolves when everyone else swears there are n't any .
nevertheless , i could see him inching closer , and the scent of desire , of danger , wafted over me .
maybe just a witchie wolf or two , i could n't tell , but i followed the scent into the forest .
i was on my own as i attempted to pick up the stray werewolf scent again , even as my mind mulled over what i 'd observed .
the scent i 'd tracked was gone .
i filled him in on my excursion , the loss of the talisman , the werewolf scent that came and went , and the free porn in the forest .
the scent of werewolf invaded my nose , and i leaped from the steps , then raced into the woods .
i did n't get very far before the scent of death overpowered that of wolf .
i took a deep whiff of nic 's scent , trying to clear any remnant of billy 's .
the scent of wolves washed over me , so strong i could distinguish it even in human form .
the scent of the air freshener was the scent she preferred , the soap was the soap she liked .
her heart sped and her nostrils flared to pull in his scent .
` ` she had your scent and the smell of sex all over her .
noelle 's world collapsed in on itself until it included only the space between them , the sounds of pleasure and the scent of david 's skin and her own arousal .
asked caleb , sniffing the air for the scent of animals - including the human variety .
he caught her scent as he passed , and something deep in his chest tightened .
the grogginess faded , but the scent of caleb 's skin was stil on the pilow .
the scent of her need rising up with the steam of the shower ?
her taste was in his memory now - the scent of her hunger for him .
jacob caught the scent of disinfectant and figured caleb was taking care of cleaning up the blood rather than leaving it to lana .
the scent of her arousal sent streamers of need shooting through him , but he held himself back , just a little longer .
the phone was suddenly too loud , the scent of the grass and asphalt too strong as he made his way to the building .
he crept forward on silent feet , mindful of his shadow and the scent of his body on the slow breeze .
he moved to where the scent was stronger .
not with her sweet voice filling his ears and the scent of her arousal filling the air .
even though it was january , a lot of the foliage was still thick and would help block her scent .
natalia 's scent was strong .
he 'd learned to mask his scent for almost a thousand years but now he had no control over the desire rolling off him .
she felt his possession straight to her toes and he was n't even bothering to hide his scent of desire .
the scent of your blood ... '' she took another step back .
even though she 'd fed from him , he 'd forgotten that the scent of his blood would still affect her .
the scent of her own blood tickled her nose and made her claws involuntarily extend .
it was as if the scent was embedded in the wood itself , she thought with disgust , then frowned as she realized that the smell was not of burning tallow , but- she glanced around sharply , eyes widening in dismay as she saw that the torch mildrede had set in the holder by the door had somehow fallen on the rushes piled in front of the door , and they were aflame .
he inhales the scent of me in before speaking again .
i hear the flick of a lighter , smell the menthol scent of her cigarette .
still on his stomach , with the scent of polish in his nostrils and the scrape of wood on his bare flesh , he snaked his way over to a storage compartment .
her stepmother 's ` ` signature '' scent .
` ` she can smell your scent on her cubs from the towel . ''
it did n't help that he was rarely out of sight , and even when he was she could hear the low baritone of his voice as he talked to pops.worse , she still smelled of him - of them - because she could n't sneak off to wash his scent away without making pops question why she 'd taken a second shower in the same day .
the scent of her arousal rose up to greet him , and his heart slammed against his chest .
then he moved out of scent range and opened the front door , giving her an opportunity to fill her tight lungs with fresh , cold , sobering air .
that f**king scent .
everything about the rain - its scent , its effect on the terrain , its purifying quality - would throw arriane off the trail .
when she reached inside her trench coat , a harsh scent of sawdust wafted out .
the scent on the air changed from rot to arid dust .
his scent , his taste and the way he felt against her .
her scent , the way she 'd felt against him .
the scent of your hair .
the thought of nik getting a hard on from my scent makes my legs shake and my core moistens .
that was the scent , i realized .
they had a weaker sense of smell than vampires and even dhampirs , so these scents were extra strong .
just enough to add an edge ... but not enough to drown your own scent . ''
the way he said ` ` scent '' made it sound like a dirty word .
adrian might have been onto something about the power of scent .
she breathed in the dark , musky scent of him , listened as his heart beat harder and faster .
the scent of unwashed flesh and alcohol assailed him , but he grew closer still .
he smelled of musk and sweat and beer , but julia ignored those distractions and focused on the scent that was gabriel , something very masculine and potentially dangerous .
his scent then had been more natural , wilder even .
this is the new scent of gabriel .
he held the fork under her nose , just so she could pick up the scent .
the scent of aramis was stronger there .
see if any of the scents are to your liking , and we 'll use them .
` ` you have no idea what that scent does to me . ''
the scent of satsuma and sandalwood filled her nose : the scent of their first time together .
blinking back hot tears , she wrapped her arms around chase and breathed in the scent of him .
` ` the scent comes from elizabeth 's rooms . ''
` ` sometimes i think i recall her scent or the tone of her voice , but i can not be certain . ''
disliking the scent , she put it down and picked up another .
pausing on the threshold of elizabeth 's boudoir , he caught the scent of illness , which lingered , defying the windows which were flung wide open to entice the air to circulate .
he moved , stirring the scent of his skin in the air .
the air changed , became charged , the scent of fear fil ing his nostrils .
as for her , she immediately missed the scent of horses and hardworking male that clung to colin .
the scent of christopher .
as for her , she immediately missed the scent of horses and the hard - working male that clung to colin .
the many beasts inside snorted and shifted restlessly as his scent filled the air and disturbed their equanimity .
every piece ... '' he was in her then , giving her pleasure with avid lips and tongue , eating at her , drinking her in , inhaling the primal scent of her deep into his lungs .
not the scent of cologne ; i did n't think he was wearing any .
i could smell his scent ; clean skin and beneath that , something rich and masculine .
i turned my head , breathing deeply , sniffing the air , trying to catch jake 's scent .
the scent of food was as good as gps though and i found jake in the kitchen making french toast .
when leslie got the scent , there was no getting her off the trail .
the scents of a barbeque drifted up from somewhere below .
she did n't know what the scent was .
she stepped close enough to smell him , a rich combination of the scent of his sylvia day - bad boys ahoy !
she hurried into the house and was immediately surrounded by the scent of cooking meat .
` ` if they 're well trained enough to tolerate the scent of a wild cat and a grizzly , why would a wolf be any different ? ''
i ' m not sure why i trusted him , why i felt as if i knew him , as if i 'd always known him , why the sight , the scent , the taste of him seemed familiar , but it did .
it was as if malachi and i had been trapped in a sightless universe where sound and scent , taste and touch were heightened .
` ` it carries his scent , his essence , so that when you met him , he seemed familiar and safe . ''
i 'd want to surround her with my arms , my body , and my scent .
silence gathered in the air , as bitter and rich as the scent of coffee .
all five of them , for she was mauling him with her scent , her presence , her body ... everything about her made him want to cry out in frustration .
` ` i would lick every inch of your skin , but very slowly as to burn the memory of your scent into my mind . ''
the scent of old wax and burnt wick rose around them .
` ` i ' m pretty sure you 'll be able to do it by scent , '' julia giggled .
nearby a deer must have died ; the scent of rot was carried on the wind .
and farther on , faintly , his pack - he could make out the distinct scents of each of them , their trails from days previous and also from that day .
the inner parts of this forest were familiar to him by now , although he always feared a downed tree when he was running - the scent of the broken wood might not reach him before he met the obstacle .
and the scent of the wolves grew stronger and stronger , until they were just over a hillside .
her scent was strange to him , new and not yet so familiar that he could track her without effort .
her scent was aggressive , but that might just be the play fighting that brought it out in her .
the first time he had met julia , he had heard her thoughts , but thinking back on it , he might have just sensed her emotions by nose - stress put out a powerful scent , and so did attraction .
` ` i ' m sorry- '' ` ` let 's search out , see if we can track her scent , '' damien said .
` ` her scent 's everywhere in this territory , '' katherine interjected .
the scent of one of mara 's trails hit his nose .
he ran into the forest , blind to everything except the scent of the trail ahead of him .
the territory they had already tracked was well - worn , and mara 's scent was indeed on multiple trails .
he loped through the forest , following the scent at an angle toward the edge of their territory .
out here he worried about competing packs , even though there was no scent besides mara 's .
mara 's scent was strong , and in one spot it branched into multiple directions .
then the wind changed for a split second , and the air in front of him resolved into scent so strong it raised the fur on his spine .
at that moment the scent struck him : uncertainty .
he started back at the scent .
the smell was strong , now , and he recognized dee 's scent .
the wolf bounded forward as damien struggled to stand , and then the wolf scent was gone and it was just dee .
` ` i tried to track her , but the scents were all mixed up .
then the scent of wolves in her nose , the cold forest floor under her feet .
the rain dampened the scent .
julia 's scent had grown fainter and fainter as he moved into trax 's territory , but now it seemed as though there was a straight path between him and julia , and he ran without thought of what he would do when he arrived .
he crested the hill and there was her scent , stronger than ever .
a rush of happiness swept through the air like music , and she did not know whether it was scent or sound or something else , but it was wonderful all the same .
` ` i was getting ready for work and i smelled the flames , followed the scent until i found you . ''
` ` you followed the scent of the fire through the forest ? ''
not too strange , especially around here , but the scent was hot , acrid - fresh .
the only thing left behind was the scent of smoke and the whisper of his touch .
the scent of predator after prey cascaded through the night - a sharp and gamy aroma reminiscent of fear and death .
just the scent of him , the heat , all that lovely pale skin and rippling muscle .
the scent of burning flesh and flame drifts upward and hector snarls .
` ` i 'd circle around , try to get a scent , but it would change .
his scent changed .
since i did n't know what i 'd be up against , i shifted , then kept following the scent of you . ''
the faint scent of gas wafted from the brass - sconced fixtures along the wall .
the harsh scent of burning oil filled the shadowy room , obliterating the impossible fragrance of lavender .
the bottle fell with a thump and released the sharp scent of liquor .
the harsh scent of sweat and the sweet| smell of passion filled the air .
her scent is long gone .
that way , i 'd have her scent for a while after she was gone .
that i ca n't stop thinking about losing myself in the softness of your skin and the scent of your body , in the heat of you ? ''
he scooped it up and sniffed her scent .
whatever it was , she woke abruptly , hereyes darting aroundthe dark room.thefirehad goneout while she slept , but the smoky scent of itwas still in the air .
and right now , with ricki standing there in the van 's doorway , he just could n't get wanda jane 's scent out of his head .
woody was a decoy , designed to keep us off the scent .
the men were talking and laughing together , and their voices carried on the wind , along with the unmistakable scent of barn animals .
everything narrowed down to rocky , and her warm skin , her soft br**sts , and her spicy , exotic scent .
minutes passed , and he became consciously aware of her scent and her breathing and her presence .
it was our scent , and i breathed a silent prayer of thanks that it had taken them this long to notice .
the scent of him mixed with the dash of liquor and the combination was heady .
her scent sent a pulsing rush of blood southward .
her scent would be in there .
but when the colonel opened the door , i caught the edge of her scent : wet dirt and grass and cigarette smoke , and beneath that the vestiges of vanilla - scented skin lotion .
the pavement was dark with wet and the air thick with the scent of oncoming snow .
he sniffed the air , but was unable to detect any telltale scent of death , above the waft of smoke , coffee , and food drifting from the club .
a single drop fell onto the table , its warm pungency a welcome relief from the cold scent of turpentine .
in fact , they seemed to have come upon a foraging party ; grey dodged round a bush and nearly collided with the group of donkeys whose scent had disturbed the horses , the small beasts heavily laden with nets of grass .
grey felt a sudden surge of interest pass through the stallion , his mane lifting and nostrils flaring as the damp , drifting air evidently brought him the scent of a mare .
the scent of charlie 's skin , sweating with heat and with illness .
he let out his breath slow , as he would when hunting , and drew it in again slower , nostrils flaring to catch a scent .
` ` feel your hand on me , and sleep wi ' the scent of you about me . ''
jamie had n't much noticed the word when doing his own translation , but at the speaking of it felt a prickling of the hairs across his shoulders , like a dog putting up its hackles at a scent .
grey wondered whether ` ` that '' referred to the hot scent of the pumping blood or the lack of a sanctifying word , but did n't want to risk stopping the story by asking .
taryn quinn stood not a foot away , her scent still fresh , her eyes still bright .
their frilly panties , their little manicured toes , the curve of a lower back , their scent .
the scent of ben was still on my skin .
he knew the taste of her , the scent , and wanted to have it again .
she was both aroused and comforted by the familiarity of his body , his warm animal scent , all the subtle details by which she knew her mate .
the scent of him was the same , the leashed vitality of his tall , lean body slamming against her like a blow .
lost in his scent , his touch .
he could n't do anything but wait for the next shot to hit the beautiful , friendly stallion , who had evidently caught their scent and pulled free so he could join the party .
she 'd known he would catch her scent on macneil 's clothes and go straight to him .
i knew he 'd go straight to you , that he 'd catch my scent on your clothes .
she reminded him of nothing so much as a filly when a stallion is brought to her for the first time , nervous and apt to bite or kick , while at the same time her scent was telling the stallion she was more than ready for his mounting and he was going wild trying to accomplish it .
he was as ready as a stallion , his thin nostrils flaring at the female scent of her .
his scent intoxicated me .
the only scent i pick up is rust and dust .
it 's hard to navigate the zigzagging halls , and the inclines make it a challenge to even walk , but the scent is overpowering .
julie 's scent grows more distinct , but its exact direction remains vague .
julie 's scent is still distant , so i know i should n't stop , but the pale light coming through the windows seems to prick some wordless anguish in my inner voices .
the intensity of julie 's scent doubles with each block .
her life scent is on everything .
she liked to keep her scent a mystery .
when the lawyers finally descended like a pack of vultures on the scent of blood money , nick thought the legalities would be easy .
the challenge drew her in like a pure - blooded gambler on the scent of a long shot .
the heavy scent of her arousal filled the air .
his aura pumped out a raw , male scent that caused a low moan to rip from her throat .
the scent of sex filled the air .
to bury himself in her scent and heat .
the scent and flavor of him urged her on , and she spent long minutes enjoying giving him pleasure .
his scent swam around her and made her dizzy .
did you really think dressing like a spinsterish schoolteacher was going to get me off your scent ?
and he smelled good , too - the musky scent of a man who worked with animals .
the scent of it burst forth , beckoning him with an aroma that reminded him of good sex .
her scent called to him on the cellular level , stirring his blood and then sending it straight to his cock .
her frame was stiff , her glare unwelcoming but the scent of her arousal permeated the air .
the scent of her blood drove him to madness .
as he stepped under the spray of water , the unmistakable scent of hard sex rose from his skin to dissipate in the steam .
so far he 'd been able to detect by scent that sable was using her own room and marius was staying the hell away from her , but how long would that last ?
despite all this , her body softened , responding instinctively to the scent of her mate and the pheromones he exuded in his battle to win her .
chapter nine derek 's senses were inundated by his mate 's proximity , his body recognizing her scent and adjusting to it .
that worried derek a lot , but not nearly as much as he worried about the scent of her blood .
finally he said , ` ` i have missed your scent . ''
she blamed it on the drawn - out foreplay of the day , his scent , his heat , his unique flavor .
his scent , a lethal combination of musky male and cologne , teased her nostrils .
or why the lady in yellow trailed him like a hound on the scent .
she switched scents according to the season of the year .
he caught gen 's scent before he heard her steps in the sand behind him .
having matt stand behind her seat so she could breathe in the scent of him was part of the thrill , of course , but she would have enjoyed herself without him being there , too .
she was close enough to catch the scent of his aftershave , and she realized that scent had been part of her recent fantasies about him .
` ` i could find you blindfolded , just by your scent . ''
it would carry her scent toward an animal ahead of her , maybe scaring it away .
no doubt the wolf had picked up her scent and had decided to circle back and check her out .
the interior of the rack and balls smelled comfortingly familiar - a combination of cedar smoke from the log - burning fireplace in the corner , the aroma of clam chowder on the stove in the back , and the acrid scent of beer on tap at the bar .
but borrowed or not , the scent of it made him think of where she might have dabbed it on her nak*d body .
but a valentine william had handled for only a few minutes might not pick up his scent .
he could blame powerful pheromones , that arousing scent that had reached out and captured him on a basic , irrefutable level as he 'd knelt in front of her .
he walked over toward the tv cabinet , bringing the scent of old spice with him .
his heat surrounded her , his scent .
' are you telling me that you had me tracked down at my club , with all the fervour of a pack of hounds baying at the scent of fox- ' ' do not be melodramatic , justin . '
and that impressive hardness , which had risen up between justin 's thighs , was the same as had been between the stallion 's back legs when he had caught the scent of the mare in season .
inhaling his scent , she found that same , steady mixture of musk and soap and now an aroma of danger , but not the kind that hurts .
some part of his brain needed this reflection to calm down , move away from the scent of her , her soft body , how she took those little gasps as his hands had brushed against her - ` ` mmmmmm - att !
as the elevator descended , he stared at the buffed , stainless steel backs of the doors and thought of his body pressed against hers in that elevator , the scent of arousal inches away , pulling him anywhere but here .
the scent of rancid beer and old , sticky drinks , of sweat , of nineteen kinds of cologne and forty - seven perfumes all swirling together with contraband cigarette and pot smoke made him nostalgic and a little sick .
the problem was that the room seemed infused with matt 's scent .
suddenly matt 's scent flew out from under the small crack in the door , the tiny closet becoming a great , cold , white light abyss and all traces of intimacy in memory or in real life faded at her sense of outrage and shame .
he was n't in a hurry , though , and was she imagining that he was drinking in her scent , too ?
mike took a step back , crossing the threshold , his brain mildly aware of the sound of a gunshot , of squealing tires , and of a new scent .
of their scent .
the scent of a woman in complete abandon on him , giving him full access , his hands finding her h*ps and lushness , letting him use his mouth and tongue to bring about her inner power - that was erotic .
their love was gone , simply gone , extinguished as cleanly as candlelight , with the sooty scent of smoke the only reminder that it had ever burned at all .
the scent of her arousal slammed his brain and his c*ck with equal force .
raine 's scent lingered here , driving him mad .
the men would never have detected them , but some freak of the air bore rollo 's scent to the mules .
still , i breathed shallowly ; the air was bitter with the scent of burning .
and from the wrinkled noses , they dinna care so much for the scent now , i think .
it was the scent of that , half - forgotten , but immediately familiar , that finally made me realize the difficulty : it was fear .
as it was , i often caught a wild faint scent of spirit through my open surgery windows when the wind was right and the mash was making .
i saw his nostrils flare , as he caught the scent of sweat and sem*n on my clothes .
a good color to her skin , no jaundice , no faint scent of kidney dysfunction .
when i opened it , a faint whiff of iodine floated out , but no scent of decay , thank goodness .
and for good reason : it was a hunting time , when the night grows dim , and the faint breeze that comes before the light begins to rise , carrying the scent of prey .
his hand went to the other side of his belt , where the pouch of taseng should hang : bear grease steeped with mint leaves , to hide a man 's scent while hunting - or hunted .
wolves hunted by wind as much as by ground scent , but no need to make it easy for them .
a tree branch lashed his face and blinded him , the scent of it sharp in his nose .
` ` if they go for him- '' he broke off , but his jaw was set , and i could smell the sharp scent of his sweat , even above the reek of tar .
rollo had come with them , but after several fruitless attempts to draw his master 's attention to promising scents , abandoned them in disgust and bounded off through the flurrying leaves to do his own hunting .
he turned his head , wrinkling up his nose and growling through his teeth , as the glutton caught the hunter 's scent .
without waiting for response , she set off back toward the house alone , hesitating only briefly at the fork in the path , steering by scent and memory .
the exclamation reached me together with the scent of singeing molasses .
and above the stale , heavy scent of the fire , he breathed the wild clean air of morning , and felt his heart beat with sudden urgency .
the lap of water and creak of oars , the sound of restless kine lowing to be milked , and on the rising breeze the smell of men , stale with sleep and empty of food , harsh with black powder and the scent of steel .
wisps of black - powder smoke floated in the air , mingling oddly with the scent of roasting fish , and i thought for an instant that i might throw up , but managed despite my nausea to set down the fowling piece for a moment and bar the door , my hands shaking so that it took several tries .
the sheriff looked quite taken aback , and his brow furrowed as he looked at his wife , but then he seemed to catch the scent of her happiness , above the gin .
his instincts were quite sound ; just before sunset , the scent of smoke came across the water , and we could just make out the antlike scurrying of men , piling heaps of flammable debris around the base of the fort .
several of the younger medical students had smoked it on weekends , and would come to the hospital with the scent of it in their clothes .
then he kissed me , released me , and i took a deep breath of cold air , harsh with the scent of burning .
the ghost of a scent floated out ; something indistinguishable , but plantlike in origin .
he lifted his head from the pillow and sniffed appreciatively at the scent of frying ham that filtered through the drafty chinks of the floorboards .
i was aware at close quarters of his scent ; he had bathed at the inn and he smelled clean and warm , with a faint hint of sun and dust .
but someone played games with this '' -the slender index finger stroked the counter - box- '' a lady used this '' -nudged the scent bottle- '' dabbing scent behind her ears , on her wrists ... where else do you ladies dab scent ? ''
he could n't have said whether it was the sound of a footfall , too close behind , or the sight of a shadow that should n't be there , or something less tangible - the scent of evil on the air , perhaps - but he had learned that the prickle of warning among the short hairs of his neck was something to be ignored at his peril .
his hair had the faint acrid scent of stale smoke and tallow , and his coat had completed its descent into total disreputability , but he was warm and solid , and i was n't disposed to be critical about the smell of the head i was cradling next my bosom .
how long had he sat alone in the dark of the bastille , alone but for the scent of blood and the empty husk of vengeance ?
` ` but if we 're going to sleep out in the woods , the ... er ... scent ... '' it was n't overpowering , but once away from the smoky reek of the tavern , a distinct odor was noticeable in the vicinity of the wagon .
a tidal wave of acrid scent cascaded into the room , hit the floor , and boiled up around me like a mushroom cloud .
without waiting for her groom , she turned her horse 's head expertly , and made off through the trees , toward the scent of burning .
he had lost blood - the scent of it was thick , overpowering the smell of sweat and fear - but not so much as to doom him .
above the reek of brandy and the faintly nauseating aromas of food , i could smell the earthy odors of his body ; stale sweat , grimed skin , a small tang of urine and the copper scent of blood .
perhaps it was the scent of blood that had made me remember the hospital .
the breeze had shifted ; i could smell it now ; a faint acrid cat - tang , and the stronger scent of blood .
` ` so the stag or the hare wilna scent ye . ''
i could smell jamie 's scent , a sharp tinge of fresh sweat above his normal musky sleep - smell .
howling and barking and the scent of blood hot in my own nose , running with the pack , running from the pack .
he could call that one up and smell the dry hay and the scent of manure , feel his own fingers chilled by the wind , and his heart warmed by the light in his father 's eyes .
he gave willie as reassuring a smile as he could muster , clapped the horse on the rump to start it , and turned toward the scent of burning .
a faint scent came to him on the summer wind ; the smell of burning .
it must be her natural scent .
the thought of the wicked creature with his body pressed to brianna 's , rubbing against her , leaving his scent on her like a dog who marks his ground - she shuddered in revulsion .
and then strong arms that lifted her with no sense of strain , but not the candlewax smell of the black butler ; the sawdust and linen scent of her father .
the deer saw them ; delicate heads upraised , dark , moist nostrils flaring for scent .
he could n't have come within a mile of a scottish red deer that had his scent .
she had a sudden memory of the smell of the hospital corridor , faintly acrid with the scent of disinfectant and floor polish , the babies lying bundled , plump as piglets in their bassinets , their blankets coded pink and blue .
brianna could smell the brimstone scent of the gunpowder in the priming pan .
nayawenne had told me that the scent of carnivore urine would keep rabbits away - and a man who ate meat was nearly as good as a mountain lion , to say nothing of being more biddable .
her scent was slightly different these days ; the tang of wild grass tempered with a light , sweet smell that he thought must be milk .
the night air was thick with the scent of woodsmoke rather than peat fires , but in many ways it might be scotland , he thought .
i caught the scent of laundry soap as one brushed by our clump of bushes , and recognized the garments as bedsheets , wrapped about the body and knotted at the shoulder .
in a moment he was back , bringing the bald man and the cold sharp scent of dark pines with him .
but never had i dreamed the scent of blood ; that warm , coppery tang that i could still smell on the man behind me .
the sharp scents made my throat ache .
` ` you rub your oxter over the beast 's nose a few times , to give him your scent and get him accustomed to you , so he wo n't be nervous of ye . ''
the same pungent scent that pervades all watercourses was there ; a sharp mix of tangy greenness and rotted leaf , fresh water , dead fish , and warm mud .
the scent of turpentine was suddenly sharper .
the corridor itself would be not unlike their stone - floored barn , including torches and the scent of humans .
the faint scent of sulfur bit at my nostrils .
the smell of searing blood and flesh was just the same as the scent that rose from the barbecue pits .
roger crouched beside her , intent as a hound dog on the scent .
i sighed and closed the cupboard , adding the faint perfume of dried lavender and the skunk scent of pennyroyal to the ghosts of lye and rotted apples .
mr . beardsley 's spirit had presumably got the idea by now , and whether or not mrs . beardsley had any interest in the house and its contents , it did n't seem right to leave it at the mercy of marauding raccoons and squirrels , to say nothing of anything larger that might be attracted by the scent of mr . beardsley 's final exit .
birth is a messy business , and i was thoroughly familiar with the ripe scents of it .
some anonymous child had spilled one bowl ; adso had knocked another onto the floor , maddened by the scent of goose broth , and had lapped up the contents , mold and all , with every evidence of enjoyment .
above the pungent scent of dr . fentiman 's wig , which had evidently been treated with nettle powder and hyssop against lice , and a strong fog of ancient sweat and tobacco from the doctor 's body , i caught the sharp copper scent of fresh blood , and the older reek of caked , decayed blood from the inside of his case .
i thought i ought to eat something , but with the smell of the attic and the scent of toilet water still lingering in the back of my sinuses , i had no appetite .
a second sleepless night was telling on me ; i felt cold all over , numb and disembodied , and the various horrors i had seen and heard had begun to fade into unreality in my mind , with nothing save a lingering strong scent of burning to bear witness to them .
i saw his nostrils twitch , though ; evidently he had caught scent of the coffee .
for a disorienting moment , i was no longer on the lawn before the house , but in the dark confines of the shed , the scent of death heavy in the air and the proof of murder gritty in my hand .
he also did n't bother saying that perhaps it would n't come to shooting ; the air was thick with anticipation , acrid with the scent of spilled black powder and nervous sweat .
a puff of gray - white smoke drifted through the nearby trees , acrid with the scent of black powder .
he did n't know what it was called , or even for sure which plant it was , but he recognized the scent .
after a certain amount of cross talk and sorting out , i got it established that the word seemed to mean none of these things precisely , but rather to indicate a strong scent of some kind .
even as high as we were , the smell of burning stung the nose , mingling oddly with the scent of rain .
no scent in his bed now save brianna 's , the earthy smell of woman - flesh , a faint , sweet cloud of sweat and slippery willingness .
seeing jamie load and prime his own gun , roger had done likewise , feeling mingled excitement and misgiving at the acrid scent of powder .
the smell of the gloriana 's bilges seemed suddenly to rise above the scent of burning wood .
no scent of pus .
beyond that , though , the unmistakable scent of pigs wafted from her skirts .
i drew a deep breath , caught a faint scent of decaying blood , and let it out again , quick .
jocasta 's long nose twitched , obviously picking up the scent of decay - which was faint , but distinct .
the wind had dropped , but now rose in a small gust , wafting a much stronger scent of death around us .
strange , that instinct went so deep and lasted so long - would i come one day to a point when nothing in me stirred to the sound of a crying baby , to the scent of a man aroused , to the brush of my own long hair against the skin of my nak*d back ?
inside the car , melanie became more aware of the scent of drew 's aftershave .
but under that scent he detected a sweet , womanly aroma that sent an urgent signal to his groin .
the scent of a fungus , the vein of its growth squirming its way in slow curves through the ground .
he had been hungry , and followed the scent of deer to where the severed haunch was laying against a boulder .
the scent of other shifters around it should have been a warning sign , but he thought nothing of it .
` ` it was only his scent .
the scent of wolf made him tense , even though he recognized the smell as being from the dead shifter .
` ` i can smell his scent , '' jordan said .
` ` you do n't have a scent .
then , just as suddenly as it had come , the scent was gone .
they kept the windows cracked open to make sure they did n't miss a scent , and the night air rushed past his ears as she told their history .
the scent of wolves was strong , and they knew they had found the right place .
` ` do n't you smell the scent of death ? ''
damien sensed the wolves next to trax beginning to shift , their scent growing stronger .
he could smell the scent coming off of the wolf 's pelt , a mixture of sweat , fear , and fight .
he whimpered , his scent overwhelmingly that of fear .
the scent of blood was overpowering , and damien did not even smell the other wolves coming until they had already emerged from the trees .
the door opened slightly and kyle eased himself inside , the scent of guilt on him .
the scent of burning paint and wood filled the air .
the scents of ash and burning carpet , wood and plaster filled my nose .
the scent of burning leaves filled the air .
the scent was fresh and sweet .
dizzy and confused , she lifted her hands to push him away , but the scent of his skin intoxicated her .
she was surrounded by aidan 's scent , even though he was no longer in bed .
i could even smell the moldy scent of the old shack . ''
perhaps the scent of desperation will lead me in a new direction . ''
the scent of him , the pheromones he puts out , spins me into a frenzy .
a thousand fuzzy things flutter inside me when i hear him inhale again , longer and deeper this time , like he needs my scent to calm down and find his center .
her scent works me into a lather .
i need to find the source of that scent .
i hesitate , then the thought of her leaving her scent all over my room makes me nod like a true masochist , and she follows me .
the scent of her arousal hits me as i tell her she 's so f**king pretty and smells so good .
he murmurs , raising his dark brows , and i ca n't believe how his voice affects me , how his touch affects me , his scent , how another human can have such power over me .
i love that he rubbed his scent on me , that he licks me everywhere , that i get to feel his teeth , his calluses , his skin , the bite of his blunt fingertips on my flesh .
her mouth seemed to part of its own accord , her nostrils flaring in awareness of the deliciously hot , musky scent of him , so fresh and so arousing .
teeth snapped as it reached his neck , the scent of it was fetid and harsh .
his eyes flared red as the scent of her blood hit him , something dark flickered over his face .
he could smell the fresh blood from the bites on her inner wrist , but it was nowhere near as sweet and potent as the scent of aria 's blood on the rags covering her arms .
the streets echoed with screams , the scent of blood hung heavily in the air as the creatures stalked through the town , looking for more victims .
but at least she would impair two of them , and perhaps the scent of blood would help them turn on each other .
her heartbeat had increased ; the scent of her fear assailed him .
maybe it was only natural to be attracted to the scent of the opposite sex .
his c*ck jumped at the scent .
missed his scent , his warmth and just having someone else to share little things with .
and do n't get her started on his scent when he arrived home from the gym , skin glistening , and gym shorts hanging loose on his hips .
the scent of bacon frying quieted his worries for the moment .
she could smell the scent of his after - shave and the not unpleasant effects of the day 's labor .
the scent of sex was what woke him .
she heard a soft footfall to one side and then the other ; she smelled him as he passed by her , and then the scent was gone with the breeze of his passage .
he was gone again , and then jamie heard a zipper , cloth rustling and falling to the floor , and then she caught his scent and felt his presence in front of her .
the scent of her arousal flared his nostrils , and if his erection had been threatening to bust his fly before , the situation was twice as dire now .
it was in the smell - even the scent of the brewing coffee .
gabby 's scent could make him drunk all by itself , but when coupled with her smooth body beneath his fingers , his mouth ...
for a moment she wondered if this was merely an excuse to put her off the scent .
his scent taunted her .
stand there and rave about the scent of book bindings , and he 'll be all over you .
he associated her with coffee , maybe because they 'd spent so many mornings surrounded by the scent of it .
jamie heard jason 's voice as he came in with veronica , a clerk working the morning shift in heaven scent .
jamie counted the number of customers , including the two who had been in heaven scent and the group of four guys in the cafe downstairs .
she had a scent all her own , not based on per - fume but on the wondrous chemistry of her own sleek , soft skin , warmed by the coursing of her blood , and it wafted into the air with every breath that lifted her breasts like a tanta - lizing offering .
she stepped close enough to smell him , a rich combination of the scent of his skin , horses , and the wild outdoors .
how could just her scent make his dick so hard it could rip a hole in his pants ?
the world faded , the crowded sidewalk disappeared , the traffic noises ceased as he buried his face in her hair , breathing deeply , inhaling the scent of the woman that drove him wild , the scent of the woman he loved .
she curled against him , inhaling his masculine scent and the scent of their sex .
royce sucked in a sharp breath as he caught his first whiff of her scent .
her scent said she was his mate , but it was her being a mortal that made him want to resist the mating urge that had risen up inside him .
billie 's scent was doing a real number on him .
it was hard , especially with her scent and the smell of her release thick in the air around them , but royce managed to roll away from her .
he was about to tell the girl behind the front desk that he was here to see billie when he detected the scent of another werewolf inside the building .
curling his lip back in a snarl , he followed the scent trail as he battled to keep the wolf inside him at bay .
that billie 's scent was mixed in with the other had the wolf rising up , wanting to battle the other who was with his mate .
not caring that he probably looked pretty threatening to the people he passed , royce followed the fresh scent to the bottom of the stairs that led to the floor above .
` ` when a male werewolf meets a female who is his mate , her scent sets off his mating urge .
when i saw you that first night at wulf 's den and i got a good whiff of your scent , i knew you were my mate .
he was about to start up the stairs when he caught the scent of another in the room .
i ' m getting off track with all that , but royce knew i was his mate the first time we met and he smelled my scent .
her nose zoned in on royce 's scent .
by her scent he immediately had known it was billie .
royce growled as the scent of her desire filled his nose , and as he tasted it on his tongue .
her lungs expanded , pulling in the scent of the man who had her trapped .
helen could smell the scent of burning flesh - just like in her vision .
the scent of blood running down zach 's arm was going to ensure that this was one of the first places they stopped .
the scent would draw demons from miles away .
the scent of their blood would no doubt draw synestryn from whichever dark holes they hid in .
a musky animal scent filled the air along with something she could n't identify .
although everyone knew the sanguinar had bloodhunters among their ranks - men who tracked down bloodlines by scent alone - no one knew who they were .
whatever magic they used to mask the scent within the blood became a genetic trait that was passed down through the generations . ''
he could smell her skin , warm from effort and the sultry night air , and the scent of whatever laundry soap the gerai had used to clean her clothes .
she held her breath and imagined pushing the air so that her scent was carried away from the monsters .
the scent of burning flesh filled her nose , making her gag .
paul wet a paper towel and cleaned his sword , then flushed the towel down the toilet , where the scent of blood could n't draw any trouble .
` ` her natural protection should mask the scent of her blood from the synestryn , '' said paul .
they 'd found his scent and would be here any minute .
run water over it to drown the scent .
the scent of her heated body made his head spin and his mouth water .
when he got close , andra caught the faint scent of a forest in winter coming off of him - clean and cold .
he could smell the scent of her need and it served only to heighten his own .
the scent of combat clung to his skin , and dust coated his clothing .
sibyl 's scent .
especially not when it meant that his blood would be spilled , the scent drawing every synestryn demon from miles around , leaving lexi unprotected .
i hid us in a trash bin and the stink of rotting garbage masked our scent .
your scent , alexandra .
his scent calmed her nerves .
he could smell the blood of the sgath mixed with the scent of his own .
the synestryn had caught the scent of madoc 's blood .
the longer he waited to finish this , the more likely it was that the scent of his blood would draw other synestryn to him .
worse yet , it was entirely possible that it had been a trap - that the creature he 'd fought tonight had been sent here to wait for his arrival and had caught steve 's and pam 's scents as they 'd passed by earlier .
the scent of lumber and musty animals filled her nose .
` ` there is a scent trail . ''
logan followed the scent trail into the basement of the run - down furniture factory .
he followed the hall to where the scent of blood was strongest .
not to mention the fact that he was bleeding and the scent would eventually draw other synestryn to him to feed .
nothing mattered but the scent of logan in her lungs and his strength surrounding her , keeping her safe .
if she was blooded , every nasty within scent of her would be on its way here .
his scent grew stronger and darker as the fever between them increased .
the magical disturbance bounced some of that energy back , and with it came the scent of hope 's fear .
beneath that scent was a cleaner one .
he gathered some power and breathed in through his nose , seeking the scent of blood .
logan sifted through the streams , searching for the ones that matched the scent of jodi 's blood or the dorjan who 'd taken her .
logan feared for nicholas 's life , but even more he worried about what would happen to hope if she no longer had his sword to fight off this dorjan and any other synestryn who would be drawn to the scent of nicholas 's blood .
even blinded , even without her blood flowing through him , he 'd be able to find her by scent alone .
the smell of her skin was intoxicating , but it was the scent of her growing arousal that pushed him to the limit of control .
the growing scent of her arousal made his head spin .
along with the scent of sex . ''
` ` with fire like that , it could be a handler , and if this krag has sent one after her , its hounds will have her scent .
if the handler has hope 's scent , he also has jodi 's . ''
it was the scent of his blood that was tugging at her memories , making them roil to the surface .
you could use magic to mask your scent , and to protect yourself if one of the demons did find you . ''
he dragged the scent into himself , trying to figure out what it was , and why he found it so compelling .
and if some brave little soul was n't afraid , the distinct scent of synestryn blood would be seeping out of their pores .
clothing , blankets , hair - whatever he could find that still held the scent of those who 'd been stolen .
right there was the scent of the blood of his kind .
the scent of her blood made his hunger that much worse .
it would n't be long before one of the demons picked up on the scent .
he took a step closer , catching her scent on the night breeze .
there was no wind down here to push the scent of her blood around , but that hardly mattered .
the scent of burning hair and rancid demon filled the tunnel .
that damn head injury was drawing them out , temping them with the scent of her blood .
hot , pink flesh greeted him , and the scent of her arousal was nearly more than he could stand .
last night 's hunt had brought him to this area , but the trail the scent of her blood left behind had grown cold .
the demon that had been with the pregnant woman had left its scent behind , near a house where a strongly blooded newborn had just been brought home .
for now , his focus was on the malignant scent of demon leading away , toward a nearby nest .
that should cut off the scent trail of her blood , at least for a time .
` ` i obscured your scent trail , but they wo n't leave the area until dawn .
` ` perhaps i could detect the scent of her blood within one of the creatures , but it 's too close to dawn for me to go out hunting . ''
it knew his scent as well as that of several others .
he studied it , memorized it as he would a scent .
he should be able to track that scent back to the demon . ''
he did n't know how strong the wards on this gerai house were , and whether or not they 'd keep the scent of his blood contained .
synestryn would be drawn to the scent of it , and with rory here , he did n't want to take any unnecessary risks .
your scent ... '' his eyes widened in recognition and flared pale blue .
rory 's scent was one that it was seeking , and recently found . ''
his scent curled around her , making her dizzy .
his scent , his taste , they were part of her now - the knowledge buried so deep she was sure she would never forget .
the urge to also join their thoughts hit him hard , but he ignored it and focused on the physical - the scent of her arousal , the pretty flush of her skin , the increasingly loud cries filling the cold air .
she slipped past him , dragging in the scent of his bare chest and leather jacket as she went .
the scent of the sgath 's black blood pooling beneath them was like ringing a demon dinner bell .
the boy looked completely human upon first glance , but his scent gave him away .
his scent . ''
the scent of possession filled the space , marking this area as his .
the sound of scratching , chittering creatures grew louder as the scent of blood sent them into a frenzy .
the scent of his blood had them nipping at his heels .
the scent of the ocean drew her attention back to the industriously noisy west india docks .
despite her distraction and tear - clouded eyes , she knew it immediately by scent .
` ` hateful witch , '' roanna muttered , waving her hand to disperse the too - heavy scent while she stared resentfully at her cousin 's slim , elegant back .
a scent that strong would have been noticed .
there was a slight breeze blowing into her face , which was why buckley caught the scent of jessie 's mount and gave a soft whicker , alerting her .
the hunger to touch him , to be close enough that she could smell the unique , never - forgotten male muskiness of his scent , was so strong that she was almost paralyzed with need .
roanna 's scent was lighter , sweeter , and was strongest when he was sitting at the desk .
it would pull him from his wife 's bed at all hours of the night , luring him into deadly situations while the scent of his desire still clung to her skin .
i was heading across the quad , toward the commons , when i detected the scent of clove cigarettes .
the scent of alcohol radiating off of him gave me a convenient way to change the subject .
she knew the way to her father 's office and she hoped his familiar scent , still lingering there , would bring her a measure of comfort .
she had instructed everyone to stay out of the office , including the cleaning staff , because she needed to be able to find his papers , but , truthfully , she did n't want to part with the scent of his pipe that permeated the furniture and his jacket .
the dogs were acting frenzied now , picking up the scents , rushing toward them .
in addition to their general hideousness , demons often carry with them a scent of death that can be very strong .
they are blind and do their tracking by scent .
the hydra can be distinguished from other multiheaded demons by its animalistic intelligence level , the presence of heads on stalks , and its blindness - the hydra can not see normally and relies on sound , scent , and its sheer number of large mouths to catch its prey .
this scent will not fade with time .
my nose caught a scent from inside and i stiffened .
we bypass stall after stall , the scent of lemon oil clots up the air from the wash i gave the walnut doors a month ago .
though he couldsee no one was in the chamber with him except for the woman in bed , still he prowled the perimeter , trying to detect a scent , a whisper of sound , anything .
his scent was raw and hot and wild , that of a man aroused beyond control .
naught moved before them , but the wind brought a scent , faint and unmistakable .
she nearly retched at the scent of searing flesh in the smoke - filled air , but she strode with her head high .
smelled the clean scent of his male flesh .
and the scent turned her on .
the scent of the fish frying made his mouth water .
the air carried the heavy scent of blown exhaust .
and besides , your scent will be fresh out that way .
almost immediately flies caught the scent and descended on the feast , buzzingover the food and landing on the burgers .
her body was different , her shape was different , and her scent was different .
he 'd been in her house and inhaled her scent but it was n't enough .
flashing lights and the overwhelming scent of smoke .
the scent of cigar smoke always encircled him .
lissa could smell its scent , but the distant and troubled look on his face told her that his thoughts were n't on nature .
within a couple of hours the scent of the roast filled the cabin .
she jumped , and he caught her musky scent of arousal .
even his scent screamed animal mating , like smoke and musk and earth rolled together .
or maybe that was the scent of money ...
joe appeared focused , a dog poised on the scent .
it would n't be long before the media picked up her scent .
they reached brighton by lunchtime - the salty scent of the sea greeting them before the town itself came into view .
her scent was driving him insane .
a guilty look flashed across nathan 's face about the time she caught his scent .
` ` you disguised your scent .
changing your scent .
it smelled like onions to him , but there was no good reason that he could think for the room to reek of the scent .
the clothwas saturated with the scent , as if the meathad been rubbed across it .
` ` i am feeling violent , and your scent is making me lustful .
it blocked his scent and his touch and the hunger in his eyes - things she should not want .
how the scent of our combined lust arouses me further , and keeps me hard despite the many times i come on her . ''
` ` you have this scent about you , my lord .
is your scent altered ?
burying my face in her scent , i sat watching the window ... waiting .
beyond him , the forest was a living thing ; the air was briny and thick with the scent of rotting wood .
the hardware store would be open for another hour still , and the longer he could stay away from the tantalizing scent and sweet presence of the witch in his cave , the better .
his scent had made the cave feel protected .
he had a tight hold on her hand as he led her through the forest , finding his way back to the cave by scent .
` ` he left a scent trail , but it disappears into nothing .
anthony 's nostrils flared as the scent of his mate 's blood hit the air .
fire seared across his scalp , and he smelled the unmistakable scent of scorched hair and blood .
i never quite caught his scent again .
for the first time he noticed her scent .
he moved closer , close enough to feel her body heat and catch her scent .
she blamed her strange reaction on not being ready to face him when she 'd washed off ryan 's scent only a few hours ago .
the close confines of a cockpit made someone 's scent easily identifiable .
his scent grew stronger , headier .
she moaned low in her throat and aidan drank in her scent , punch drunk like a vampire about to feast .
they were looking in all directions , excited like dogs on a scent , and suddenly another line of poetry came to cassie .
the scent of strong perfume made nina sneeze .
the scent of her lingered on his shirt from the brief brush of her br**sts against him and left him aching to explore .
with the scent of her still all around him , he knew he was n't giving up .
hank 's darn near swallowed her whole , wrapping her in warmth and the scent of him .
was his head tipping to catch her scent ?
talking to hank , the harder she 'd cried , the more she 'd gasped , the more each breath hauled in the scent of him .
so she simply sat , holding on to him while she said prayers for her child and drew in the steadying scent of this vital man who 'd charged into her life again .
he had n't known kelly was behind him until he 'd detected the scent of her perfume .
the air bag deployed , spreading white dust and the acrid scent of gunpowder throughout the car .
she knew his scent , she knew the warmth of his skin , and the velvet softness of his lips , but she did not know his name .
he watched with interest - and , to be honest , a fair bit of amusement - as she alternately sipped the brew and breathed in the scent of it .
and that scent , that autumn woods scent reached out and grabbed him by his .
and that scent , that autumn woods scent reached out and grabbed him by his .
mitch 's scent .
he muscled past her into the apartment , and even though he did n't physically push her aside , his size , scent and presence had the same bulldozer effect of knocking her off balance .
she concentrated on the seam between the doors and tried to tune out the scent of the man standing two yards away .
and then his scent , his heat and his nearness converted embarrassment into awareness .
his taste filled her mouth , his scent her nose , and his big body seemed to surround her , making her feel protected and desired .
` ` the scent garden behind you was originally developed for the blind . ''
she could n't quite identify the scent , which was sweet but sharp .
i can smell jake 's scent across the car .
his masculine scent .
i can smell his scent close by .
` ` i know how much you hated touching me and i may have been a virgin when we married , alessandro , but i knew enough to realize that a man who has to drink himself into a stupor before touching a woman , a man who can barely exchange a civil word with her and has to scrub her scent and touch from his skin as soon as he 's capable of getting up after sex ... a man like that has to be repulsed by the woman in his bed . ''
the scent of her arousal hit him , charging through his system , making his c*ck twitch and ache .
her scent and taste filled his every sense .
the sharp scent of chemicals assaulted burke .
he took a deep breath - trying to control himself - but her scent was everywhere .
she rarely let anything stand in her way when she was on a scent , so of course she 'd had to ask him about the murders .
but even before i 'd opened my eyes i 'd known , whether by some weird skin chemistry or subconsciously recognizing the scent of him ; my heart did that crazy dance .
desire to touch her , to move in close enough to catch her scent .
i just need to adjust to the scent . ''
i rolled up the sleeves of cohen 's shirt and tried to avoid inhaling the scent of it .
the drinks had caught up with me , and that , coupled with cohen 's presence and familiar scent , was f**king with my head .
` ` that 's probably a good idea , '' he agreed , telling himself to back away so that the scent from her hair would not be able to reach his nostrils , but his legs seemed unable to obey the command to move .
it was n't just the tickling sensation they caused , but the scent , as well .
she sucked in her breath as the scent of blood , dirt , sweat and death filtered through her nostrils .
the face to go with the name and the voice , the gentle touch , the sweet and elusive scent .
his scent was on the fabric .
i know the scent of arousal .
his mysterious scent , his growled words - they 'd intrigued her .
his scent hit her with the force of a battering ram - spice , sweat , swamp , and pure mystery .
erasing the memory of her scent , her reactions - morgan herself - was n't going to be easy .
with a sharp inhalation , she took the scent of him into her nose .
his scent never failed to work through her bloodstream like heady wine and drug her with desire .
her scent lingering in the room told him she had n't been gone long .
the brush of his lips , the sensual dance of his tongue , and suddenly her head swam with everything jack - his scent , the hard breadth of his chest , the flavor of his mouth , the way he held her , as if she was ... everything .
jack hovered close to her , so close she could smell the mystery of his scent blending with the whiskey he 'd been guzzling .
the scent of female arousal now hung heavy in the air .
his heat and musky scent were getting to her .
she needed to bury her fingers in it the same way she needed to bury her senses in his scent .
it was her scent , but she could n't be here .
the scent he sought had weakened , so hunter turned , wending back the way he 'd come , until he found a hallway .
likely , he 'd find it empty , and this strong scent the work of a candle or something , but ... that did n't keep his heart from beating like mad , his hope from soaring .
the scent of her arousal still lingered in his nostrils .
she could tell from his scent .
she knew by the touch and scent that it was logan .
the musky scent of him rising toward her seemed more concentrated and mysterious between his legs .
there was no way to describe how goddamn incredible she tasted or smelled , her scent making him light - headed , while the taste of her skin just made him f**king hard as nails .
an empty room where her scent would linger and haunt him ?
as callie 's scent registered in his brain , boiling blood filled his cock .
he sucked in the scent of her skin .
she could n't see him clearly yet , but his scent was disturbingly familiar .
her glossy hair smelled like wildflowers , but he also caught the scent of arousal .
following his scent , she entered a mossy clearing and paced around the perimeter .
his scent was close , but she could n't quite ... gotcha !
she caught the scent of his arousal and whined low in her throat .
yet desire waylaid him each time he caught her scent . ''
she did n't wear perfume , either , which al owed him to pick up her true scent .
next you'l be marking her front door with your scent . ''
he gazed at the smal screen and forced himself to concentrate on the words there instead of al owing her scent to pul him into a sensual whirlpool from which there would be no escape .
he caught her scent before he saw her , but then , there she was , striding toward the gate in three - inch black heels and pul ing a wheeled computer case .
yes , his actual scent , which she stil could n't identify , despite al these close encounters .
he was operating completely on visual stimulation , which did n't stir his sexual needs nearly the way her natural scent would have .
the scent of her drove him to nuzzle her br**sts .
chapter 12 aidan had caught emma 's scent long before she 'd rapped on the door of the bedroom he 'd designated as his from the outset .
when her scent threatened to affect him , he 'd switched to breathing through his mouth and even then , not too deeply .
the reason was far more basic than that - her scent drove him insane .
the scent of her drew him like a moth to a flame .
chapter 17 aidan had stuffed towels under the crack in his bedroom door to block out emma 's scent once he 'd realized that she was intent on hanging out in the living room and he 'd be able to smel her easily there .
even through the towels he 'd stuffed under the door to block emma 's scent , he picked up a musty odor , like that of a werewolf shifting ... shit !
she was standing close to him , close enough that her scent had begun working on him again .
her scent telegraphed her readiness and gave him a trail to fol ow .
but her scent ... how could he ignore that siren cal ?
` ` i can pick up a were 's scent immediately .
` ` to block your scent . ''
the scent that drew her could be a blend made up of his natural element - deep woods and moist earth , combined with the primitive essence of a powerful male wolf .
when you become aroused , your scent drives me crazy . ''
his flavor was different , his scent was different , and as she made slow , deliberate love to that most male part of his human body , his groan became a low growl .
emma could n't ignore al the references aidan had made to her scent .
` ` howard chose me on scent alone .
he also liked the way i looked , fortunately , because that has a bearing on how the children will turn out , but my scent is what closed the deal . ''
first there 's the attraction of scent , and then there 's the sexual exploration phase .
she was no werewolf when it came to scent , but she 'd grown fond of his , and she picked it up immediately .
aidan had caught emma 's scent the moment she 'd stepped out of the chamber where she and her mother had finished preparing for the ceremony .
absorbed as he was by her scent , he was n't immune to her visual appeal , either .
she had her pictures , and she might want to leave now , before the wolf caught her scent .
she could feel it on her face , which meant it was blowing toward her , carrying her scent away from the wolf .
apparently it had caught the scent of something upwind .
or rather he had caught the scent of something .
if that was the scent he 'd picked up , he might have already found the mated pair that grandpa earl had seen .
from the first time he 'd caught her scent , he 'd understood on some level that he was in trouble .
not only did that add to his lusty thoughts , but the sensory overload from abby might prevent him from picking up the scent of the sasquatch .
your scent is interfering with my ability to track the sasquatch pair . ''
` ` no , that only makes your scent more arousing . ''
when we first met , i 'd recorded your scent and found it pleasing long before i paid attention to how you looked .
modern - day humans were so conditioned to rid themselves of their natural scent that most of them did n't understand what an aphrodisiac it could be .
because he was so involved with thoughts of abby , he nearly missed the faint trace of sasquatch scent that came to him on the gentle breeze .
the scent of arousal grew stronger as he applied gentle , rhythmic pressure .
roarke said he 'd picked up their scent and she trusted him to know what he was talking about .
to be more specific , his scent made her think of lying nak*d on a bed of moss underneath the hot body of one roarke wallace .
` ` we still have another hour of daylight , and i think the scent is getting stronger .
ever since we left the trail , the wind 's been at our back , carrying my scent to whatever 's ahead of us . ''
if they did n't , they 'd never be able to pick up each other 's scent . ''
` ` do you find my scent ...
he was upwind of the harmonica player , which was why he had n't caught the scent of another human in the area .
he 'd i d 'd the interloper and recorded his scent .
partway there , he caught the scent of food warming .
carrying that in my pocket all day will keep your scent with me .
he needed to focus on the sasquatch scent , and he did n't want any olfactory distractions .
okay , now he could recognize that the faint scent was growing imperceptibly stronger .
nudging the plastic bag under a bush with his nose , he turned , caught the scent of the sasquatch , and headed back the way he 'd come .
roarke put on a burst of speed as he caught abby 's scent on the breeze .
keeping donald in the dark was ... roarke paused as another scent drifted toward him , a scent he would have caught immediately if he had n't been so focused on abby .
keeping donald in the dark was ... roarke paused as another scent drifted toward him , a scent he would have caught immediately if he had n't been so focused on abby .
her scent still clung to the area , but abby , the producer of that lovely fragrance , was gone .
the were scent was stronger by the flattened grass , but the wolves were no longer there , either .
he knew that scent as well as his own .
roarke glanced over to see if knox had caught the scent .
the scent of sasquatch might just become his favorite aroma .
his scent and body heat were unbelievably distracting .
the tantalizing scent of him stalled her thought process for a second .
she held her breath as she walked past him because his musky scent was liable to draw her into another catatonic state .
she did n't know what the scent of heather was like , but logically colin would bring the aroma of scotland with him .
along the way she caught the scent and sounds of night creatures - the soft hoot of an owl , the scurrying feet of raccoons , the sour smell of a skunk that had crossed the path .
the scent of her was an aphrodisiac that never failed to arouse him .
the scent of wet wool and warm male surrounded her from behind , while cold , damp air blew in through the broken window .
she picked up the heady scent of arousal .
he 'd been telling himself for the past few years that human females had a more exotic scent , and that might be true .
she held a mug in both hands , and from the scent of it , she was bringing coffee .
as duncan consulted a large brass placard on the wall to find out which direction he should go to sit in on that panel discussion , he picked up kate 's scent .
he could smell the food , although her scent was the most important one to him at the moment .
the scent of her arousal drifted toward him , exciting him even more .
the ability to shift , along with an identifiable were scent , did n't show up for at least eleven or twelve years .
part of it was her scent .
rachel 's scent was already familiar to him - too damned familiar , in fact .
but the minute he 'd walked into his house and discovered it was filled with rachel 's scent , he 'd become hungry for something far more complicated , something a simple dinner would n't take care of .
her scent had changed subtly , too , ever since he 'd confronted her .
so he looked away , but he could n't block out her scent , her body heat , or her soft breathing .
earthy and primitive , the scent of her arousal was more than he could take .
` ` the biggest difference is your scent . ''
but i would by the scent . ''
` ` plus each individual varies in scent .
he did n't smell anyone 's scent but hers , but he was n't at his best right now .
your scent drives me crazy right now , but i ' m going to wait . ''
the smell of it is lost in the overwhelming scent of the city burning .
it still smells of sausage and my stomach churns at the scent of it .
something about the numbers felt off and i buried my nose into the laptop , trying to catch the scent of what bothered me .
your face , your scent , your voice .
he rubbed his seed into her porcelain skin , determined to have his scent upon her , hoping it meant to her all that it did to him .
` ` shit , when liam brought you here the first time , you should have seen hammer curl up in bed with your clothes and inhale your scent , like that would bring you back .
` ` the wind was blowing our scent away from them . ''
she moved to his side again and stepped close , drinking in the sight and scent of him .
he headed down the narrow stairs of the old victorian and heard the sound of something sizzling in the kitchen , just before he caught the scent of bacon .
he could bottle that scent .
i ' m not supposed to be leaning against a wall of muscle in a bespoke suit , the scent of my own rose corsage from my prom date ... er , business associate making me tingly and open .
this is the scent of mind - blowing sex .
the scent was strong and distinctive , but her whole body was reacting to touch , not smell .
the scent of her essence filled the space between them .
okay , she would need a couple of states between them to disperse the tangy scent of his aftershave .
the air between them grew thick , the scent of him and the fire , the intimacy of the conversation all too much .
kelly scrambled to follow the conversational thread with the scent of him filling her tiny cubicle .
he advanced a step and ignored the perfume of kelly 's shampoo mingling with perspiration , so close to the scent of sex .
with the scent of her still on him , not that he could ever erase it from his memory , he would be damned lucky to get out of here with his pants zipped .
if only she had a disguise , something to throw people off the scent .
the scent of him was stronger in here , and she could n't resist breathing in the soapy aroma clinging to the air - patchouli , perhaps .
seems like less than that to me , because i swear i can still catch a whiff of your scent on my skin . ''
she knew the sound of his footsteps , recognized the scent of him on the breeze .
` ` scents do tend to anchor our memories more firmly . ''
she stepped closer , drawn by the scent of him , the deep ache in her belly to have his lips on hers .
jayne 's scent already drifted toward him .
to inhale the scent of him until it filled her senses .
the praline scent of her .
she caught the scent of his aftershave in the close confines of the sports car .
elliot was showering off the scent of gasoline .
with each panting breath , she drew in the scent of them .
god , she wanted to believe he could , but right now with the scent of smoke clinging to his clothes and the adrenaline still crackling in the air , she could n't see any other way .
as he brought kit along for the ride , she was helpless to do anything but follow him , so addled was she by the closeness of him , the scent of him , the heat of him .
somehow the scent was both wildly inappropriate and strangely suitable for him .
and when she did , her nose and lungs were filled with the scent of schuyler kimball .
he remembered the way her scent had taunted him , and the way her soul had beckoned to him .
she told herself she was only imagining the way she could feel the heat from his body mingling with hers , but the scent of him ... that was all too real .
near enough to inhale his scent .
` ` the so - called relationship with eve was just a smoke screen , a way to throw the paparazzi off the scent .
` ` i 'll say this for her , '' noah continued , ` ` that woman has a nose for gossip like a bloodhound on a scent . ''
` ` or it could just be someone trying to throw us off the scent and point the finger elsewhere . ''
and , as we suspected , kendall was throwing us off the scent by making it seem as if the threats were coming from a run - of - the - mill hood . ''
she breathed in his musky male scent , kissed his shoulder , and rubbed her br**sts against his chest .
picking up her scent and testing his endurance even more .
he moved next to her then , driving need stamped on his face , heavy on the scent of his skin and etched in the tension of his muscles .
there was the scent of sun and surf .
` ` i ' m trying to determine your scent . ''
` ` surely they wo n't mind if i try to distinguish my wife 's scent from among those intermingled in the air . ''
` ` i do n't think you 'll be able to pick up my scent in a place as aromatic as this . ''
belinda 's mind swam as she was quickly surrounded by his scent , his touch and his taste .
` ` i want to taste your flavor and learn your scent . ''
she hoped her appearance had also served to throw him off the scent .
he knew that scent , knew it better than anyone .
i 'd know that scent anywhere .
she 'd never taken time to appreciate a man 's smell before , but with rafe , she could find him by scent alone .
something feral inside him wanted her drenched in his scent , warning every man in the room that she was his .
i want my scent all over you . ''