emerson stands beside her , and i take my place next to dad .
the caterer was finishing up with the last of the meal , the dining room was set with places for twenty people , the technician had the music all set for the evening , all she had to do was press a button .
it was lovely with elaborate place settings and a delicious smelling buffet set out with steaming dishes and gorgeous fruit .
she set two places with a couple of chipped china plates , and cloth napkins she 'd found who knew where .
she counted 18 places and wondered how ethan 's small family had kept from feeling overwhelmed at such a large table .
since she was the only other remaining member of the cruz family besides ethan , and the marriage was taking place on the cruz ranch , it was her place to keep this shindig going smoothly .
claire moved stiffly to stand by ethan 's side , with teresa and lily leeds taking their places next to autumn .
jamie grinned at her as he took his place and she scowled back .
she flicked the envelope across the table so it slid to a stop in front of his place setting .
` ` i 'd sure like to hear what it 's like to be a sheriff , '' maddy said , taking a place next to cab .
as soon as you 're ready i 'll take my place up front .
ellis took the coffee out of evan 's hands and led him to his place .
she monitored her feelings as she began the descent , hearing nita and paul take their places behind her .
bella reached the altar herself and took her place beside the man she loved .
the rest of the players took their places at the tables with much jostling and joking .
she 'd made a choice to secure a place for gladys and she could stand two weeks of holt 's craziness .
she set the brand new tablecloth she 'd purchased over jake 's dining room table and carefully set four places .
she 'd better set three more places then - for ned , luke and the mystery guest .
he opened the ring box again , pulled out the ring , slid it onto hannah 's finger , and the place erupted in cheers .
lisa took the pan of brownies they 'd brought and shooed them in to take their places .
the rest of her friends found places at the tables and in the booths as fila watched them , clutching her hands tightly together .
` ` morning , '' he said when he took in the table set with two places , the pitcher of fresh orange juice and plate fixed with his breakfast .
they stood in the foyer of his parents ' house on sunday evening while the rest of the family took their places at the large dining room table .
when fila finally took her place she unfolded her napkin , draped it across her lap and sat in silence , only moving to help herself to small portions of the food .
the tables , chairs , and extra place settings for the dinner would be delivered any moment .
if his father did n't want this wedding to take place , he 'd do everything in his power to prevent it , no matter what bet he 'd made with lisa .
rose looked regal in her form - fitting white dress as she took her place at the top of the aisle .
she looked at the name tags on the place settings and almost stomped her foot in frustration .
just as i was about to start pacing again , the minister told us to take our places .
the distance between the front pew and the podium felt endless , and by the time i took my place behind it , my heart was rattling in my chest .
noah , standing in as my best man , walked behind me as we took our places in the front .
she waved her hand at an empty place at the table .
i 'll set a place for you . ''
she 'd been given a place of honor , the seat right next to reed , a place she wished she could have for the rest of her life .
she 'd been given a place of honor , the seat right next to reed , a place she wished she could have for the rest of her life .
when they got to the dining room there was a free place between nonno and nonna and they insisted that arie occupy that chair .
ridge sat at the place she 'd set for him across from her but then , like he could read her mind , like he could tell she was wanting him tonight , he got up and shifted his plate and utensils to the place right beside hers .
ridge sat at the place she 'd set for him across from her but then , like he could read her mind , like he could tell she was wanting him tonight , he got up and shifted his plate and utensils to the place right beside hers .
the ladies from the sewing circle had pride of place in the front row .
logan was right behind me as we exchanged places with the other guests .
i smile as i take my place across from logan .
` ` she 's the one who suggested it , '' caleb said , taking his place beside the preacher from the local methodist church .
he carried the platter of pot roast over to the small kitchen table while callie set another place .
` ` gentlemen , it 's time to take your places , '' the wedding coordinator reported , motioning for them to follow the minister .
when the double doors opened at the back of the room and the bridesmaids came down the aisle to take their places on the opposite side of the minister , his breath stalled and luke could n't believe how stunning haley looked as she stepped onto the satin runner .
deciding to concentrate on something besides the sexiest man she 'd ever known , she pointed to the two elegant place settings filled with delicious - looking food .
emily walked over to the only place available other than the floor .
dinner with edmund took place at his or her parent 's homes , or in restaurants .
when she got to the car , she realized there was no place to fit that many groceries , let alone the pizzas .
chapter twelve the party to celebrate jake 's father 's sixtieth birthday was taking place in a hotel in the center of london , and there were five hundred guests , so it was hardly a typical birthday party .
turning to her housekeeper who had been hovering in the background , she said with as much dignity as her strange emotions would allow , ` ` beth , would you mind adding another place to the table ? ''
she patted his chest once again , then moved into the dining room to find her place .
when they arrived at the museum where the benefit was taking place , zoe noticed that there was a huge crowd outside , all of them flashing pictures at the people as they entered the building .
isla took her place in front of sidra , giving her future sister - in - law a wink for encouragement .
` ` nice dress , '' brett said , noting that another man stepped up to take the previous one 's place as soon as the music changed .
he guided her to their place in the receiving line and she did n't have a chance to answer since the guests were now filing out of the church and each wanted to say hello to either laci or the man next to her .
she flew into the conference room with a large cup of coffee in her hands , smiling her apology to jeff and peter who were already settled in their respective places at the conference room table .
cairo demanded as he took his place next to his older sister .
a collection of crystal fairies danced along the length while a framed print of hale 's the crimson rambler held a place of honor above it .
there were twenty - five tables set up with twelve place settings per table .
guests swarmed around the table , taking their places .
` ` when will the french wedding take place ? ''
` ` will our u.s . wedding take place this evening or tomorrow ? ''
when they landed at the small airport on the california side , a car was waiting to take them across the state line into nevada - where their american wedding would take place .
his heart thumped with the shock of finding her place vacant .
each place was set with a plate , cup and saucer in delicate bone china , accompanied by brilliantly polished silver cutlery and a starched white linen napkin in a silver holder .
she zinged through the morning , booking the table at level 21 - no problem to fit cole pierson 's party in at short notice since he regularly used the restaurant for business lunches - then lining up everything necessary for her to take joyce hancock 's place on the tour .
she could hear them taking their places behind her , shuffling into the pews , greeting each other in muffled tones .
he nodded , as though she 'd given him the reaction he wanted , then turned away , moving to the front pew on the other side of the aisle , seating himself directly opposite her mother , where amazingly there was a place vacant for him and none of her father 's top executives queried his right to take it .
before they could take their places , jack maguire moved out from his pew , positioning himself beside his father 's widow , leaving them no option but to pair up behind them .
she handed ari her camera and swapped places with him .
we take our place in one of the boxes .
the pretty flower girls take their place in front , and blake 's sister , who seems barely able to contain her excitement , takes her place behind the flower girls .
the pretty flower girls take their place in front , and blake 's sister , who seems barely able to contain her excitement , takes her place behind the flower girls .
i take my place and sigh with relief .
as they took their places a man brought a birthday cake and deposited it on the stage .
a few people applauded as cara and maura took their places beside each other , then , laughing together , the donohue sisters leaped into action .
goblets of wine would have been raised and more toasts offered in celebration of a grand and noble wedding such as the one which was about to take place here in the south of scotland .
for the sake of the six hundred guests and three hundred vassals and serfs in attendance , it had been decided that this part of the ceremony would take place in the bailey , rather than within the chapel .
instead he merely glanced over his shoulder and nodded curtly to the servant hovering in the doorway , indicating that another place should be set at the table .
there was just time for whitney to flash an astonished , grateful look at him as he led her to her place at the table .
whitney was next to the duchess , and stephen took a place opposite whitney , beside vanessa .
clayton led her to the altar , to her place beside him , the place that would be hers for all eternity .
clayton 's place across from her was still set .
her father 's voice sounded strong and brisk as he strode into the conference room and took his place at the head of the table .
parker walked over to her desk while meredith spread pale pink linen place mats on the dining room table .
fresh pink roses reposed in an ornate bowl in the center of the table , and the antique silver flatware looked lovely against the pink linen place mats .
ever since she graduated from college , she 'd felt as if she was standing just off the stage where her own life was supposed to take place , waiting in the wings , waiting for someone to give her a cue that it was time to step on that stage and do whatever she was meant to do .
victoria moved back and forth between the shelves and the table , feeling ill at ease and sick to her stomach , but when she took her place at the table , the hostility she felt for her mother slowly began to give way to pity .
after the ceremony , a wedding celebration will take place at wakefield for your close friends and some of the villagers .
charles asked solicitously from his place across from her .
an empty place , reserved for charles , was vacant on the first bench on the right , but the rest of them were filled with guests .
` ` your wine , my lady , '' he said and swept a glass from the tray , plunking it on the table with a queer , exaggerated flourish that inevitably tipped the glass and spilled wine all over the linen tablecloth in front of her place .
during that long , trying hour elizabeth repeatedly had the strange feeling that ian was watching her , and toward the end , when she could endure it no longer , she did glance at the place where he was seated .
a cream linen tablecloth covered the crude boards , and two places had been set with blue and gold china , obviously borrowed from charise 's house .
at the front of the church she saw jordan townsende step out and take his place , followed by ian , tall and dark and overwhelming in stature and will .
other staff members are slowly filing in , taking places at tables around the room .
if all that was n't enough to make lauren aware of how out of place she was , each place setting at the table had enough utensils to fill her silverware draw at home .
i ' m called to the stage next and i take my place at the piano this time .
we 'll swap places at the last minute . ''
finally , musicians begin filing onto the stage to take their places .
my american girl takes her place behind a mic and then i notice the guy next to her and how crazy all the chicks in the audience seem to be about him .
they 'd already taken their place at an improvised stage in the terrace garden that had been cleared for the dancers , evidently all of rodrigo 's family .
he vaguely remembered people scurrying to empty a place for him at the front row .
as if she needed more heartache , to know he 'd been welcoming them in the place reserved for his future family .
dazedly , she turned to eleni , who 'd already taken her place by alex .
vincent squatted down on his heels and gave brady a big hug as the man following him took his place beside giselle .
` ` we just got it installed , '' my aunt added , taking her place back at the table .
your place settings are in their normal places in front of you , forks on the left , spoons on the right .
i reached out toward my place setting , and felt dried petals , a whole dried flower , then another and another .
adam took maddie 's place while beaumont climbed behind the camera .
it weighed on her as she made herself a plate from the catered buffet and then looked for a place to sit among the tables the crew had set up in the docking area .
he 'd thought at first that her interest in him might be solely based on the fact that he was her boss - that he could get her places .
on cue , millie set two more place settings and hudson pulled two chairs closer to the table , mira and adam already occupying the loveseat .
he led me to the dining room where the table was set with a bouquet of white orchids , two lit candlesticks , an opened bottle of wine , and two place settings at one end .
i scanned the faces as the host set up an extra place setting for me , the unexpected guest .
then stacy finished her speech , the crowd applauded , and it was time to turn around and walk back to my place along the back of the stage .
` ` i would like to ask that defense counsel declare a conflict of interest for the record , '' i said as i took my place again .
an hour later , after the most argued game of two - on - two in history , lexi and vincent were finally ready to leave julian 's place .
she had worked her ass off and earned a place beside vincent in front of the marradesis .
she took her place across from me and i winked at her .
adalynn and daniel went and greeted their guests while we took our place at the bridal table .
i walked around and said hello to the guests that attended the wedding and then took my place where the beautiful floral archway stood .
finally the director and cameramen took their places and a woman handed the actor a black leather paddle and it looked as though the scene was about to start .
ferruccio cast an indulgent look at his wife , then raised an eyebrow at glory , clearly approving the comeback that bundled him and vincenzo and put them firmly in their places .
it disturbed him so much it had him on his feet , just as farooq stood to vacate his place for her .
as soon as everyone took their places around the semicircular tables , affording everyone the best view of the action , mohab gestured for dinner to be served , and hundreds of waiters poured from every opening of the tent holding huge serving plates under brass domed covers .
people rushed to make a place for him at the table closest to her , flipping rabid curiosity between them as if watching an unfolding candid - camera show .
everything else was ready to go , from the starched white linen tablecloth to the small gold - rimmed bread plates to the left of each place setting .
as the rest of the family started to take their places , brant had put his arm around her , steering her toward their pew .
i looked down at my place setting .
` ` they 're going to sweep it before the place settings are laid out .
alec takes his place next to me , then fishes in his pocket and pulls out a knotted lace handkerchief .
when adam had designed the boathouse for his brother , he 'd never envisioned a wedding taking place in the space , but it had worked out great , with more than enough room for family and close friends to witness their vows and have a little party afterward .
a flickering candle shone from the center of the table and two place settings were set out - complete with bubbling champagne flutes filled to the rim .
they all settled into their places and smiled .
stuffed animals sat at each place setting .
for the past few days , he 'd brooded over katelyn 's tea set and those two empty places .
ryder took his place in the lineup at driver 's introductions on sunday and watched all the cameras focusing in on elec monroe , who was four down the line from him , tammy standing with him .
bryan ceded his place with an eye roll that alex ignored .
he glanced around at the linoleum floors , the blue vinyl seats and paper place mats printed with various advertisements .
when i was finally done , i got out and we switched places .
it was a delicate dance of switching places without falling , or tripping over the other 's feet .
once they reached the convention room , ollie - as chairman of the cosmetics house - and richie - as vice president of it - took their places on the presentation podium , keeping jaxxon hidden behind the curtains at the rear of it .
there are three empty places .
i already spoke to the manager of a complex over on west street , and he guaranteed me a place . ''
` ` i get to seat you in your place first , so shall we , dear mum ? ''
then he 's stepping off the stage , the mic in hand , and coming to our table , his voice filling the place , even rising above the claps and catcalls from the patrons who are loving every second of this spectacle .
i 'd walk in the door , and everyone in the place would just stop what they were doing and rush at me .
` ` take your places and let 's get the hell out of here . ''
lin wondered as the bartender put place settings , lin 's salad , and kam 's milk shake in front of them .
what sounded like mozart piped overhead as patrons took their places .
the wedding was taking place on the property of one of nate 's hotels in the maldives .
he took his place next to cassian and began to talk to him , and i noticed my potential new boss looked similar to this second man , even though this younger man had lighter hair and brown eyes .
the two of them pushed past me into my living room and took their places on my sofa .
nearly everyone had arrived already , so i took my place behind the front bar with lola and hoped stefan would assign me there for the party .
red and white checkered tablecloths covered the old square formica tables and at each place setting were paper placemats with red , white , and green maps of italy and cartoon drawings of major tourist attractions , like the leaning tower of pisa and the coliseum , on them .
she looked around the room as the place began to fill up and turned to smile up at me .
sighing , i hung my head and pulled out a chair at one of the empty places .
i took my place next to gage in the mirror and whispered words of support .
tristan took his place behind his desk , and i stood beside him as each of the men in front of us waited for him to begin .
jordan piped up with a comment that put him in his place , and i saw gage smile at her , probably wishing he had said it .
` ` still have a place for me at crowdednest ? ''
` ` have a seat , quinn , '' mitchell says , as he and chuck settle into their places .
genevieve rushed to the small two - person table , which was set with two place settings but the food had yet to arrive , all set up on the rooftop of one of the highest buildings in manhattan .
once he 'd entered his place , holding the door open as tierney walked in , dalton fell back on etiquette .
` ` switch places with me , '' he said .
he had set our places and there was a silver coffee service waiting on the counter .
kwan took his place in the fully enclosed chauffer 's compartment in front of us .
the others were taking their places .
george sat at his right hand and archie at his left , kwan and hoc filled the places beside george .
it was almost curtain time and i rushed through the stage door and took my place .
i took my place at stage left after i checked the line - up of props .
instead i walk over to the long table , where now i see a single place has been laid at the head .
i have n't heard the song in ages ... karissa strolls through the deli , taking the place at the back of the line .
i push it back in , offering ray a polite nod as i sit down , taking my place between them .
collins points at one of the places made up at the end of a table long enough to seat twenty .
he added a scoop of risotto from a pan on the stove and slid the plate onto the bamboo place mat .
amery barely had time to clear off a place for him to sit before all six feet four inches sauntered into the room .
risa found her seat next to max , leaving one unoccupied place between her and heath .
i did n't have room in my heart for it , but i made a special place for sophia , isaac , and alex .
would it be petty to point out neither colby nor cord offered up their places for him to crash ?
ava let her head fall back into the headrest and muttered , ` ` give me a minute and we 'll switch places . ''
casper and joan claimed one place and i took the other .
` ` only six place settings , liebchen .
while the gravy thickened , she stacked the place settings and delivered them to the table .
i drop the plates on the table and sit on the place he pats next to him .
maybe i should look into changing places with himerus .
` ` you have no one here to change places with . ''
nykyrian removed his own helmet and took his place at the head of the table .
he immediately put the place setting in front of her and returned to his seat .
` ` i 'll just go set another place at the table for you , mr . burdette , '' rebecca said .
over to her left , a table had been set up with two place settings and chairs .
storm and evalle did not understand that she could not sit in one place and risk being caught by grendal .
lothaire followed ivana 's gaze to the seat at stefanovich 's right hand - a place of honor usually reserved for her .
atop the extended table were silver - covered dishes and two place settings - with enough utensils to confound the girl .
inside , thronos took his place at his rough - hewn desk .
she had a place inside the famous eldorado building on the upper west side .
simon watched as they took their places in chairs across from camille ; she did n't look up as they seated themselves , but the white lights that had illuminated the garden went out suddenly - not one by one but all at the same time - leaving simon staring at a disorienting square of darkness , as if someone had switched off the stars .
they reached the pavilion of the speaking stars , where the brothers took their places behind their black basalt table .
she heard the murmur of the others as they took their places at her side , and then the cold rush of air as the door slammed shut behind them .
luke 's old pack - maia 's now - had pitched in to decorate the grounds around the farmhouse , where the reception was being held , and the old barn where the ceremony had taken place .
bat had taken his place at the dj booth , but there was no music yet .
he looked down at me , brows rising , and he opened his mouth , but the snack aisle threw up all over the place .
i went into the office and sat on the first available place to sit .
after putting down four place settings , i went to get the mason jars and fill them with ice and sweet tea .
i glanced back at dean , who was sitting with blaire , then saw that the rest of the band had found places to sit .
instead of my chest hurting with the memory of a little boy who looked so much like this one , strutting around the basketball court like he was king , i felt an empty place inside me being filled .
we trade places , ben wandering around to the front of my desk , while i keep my distance by circling around the other side to take a seat in my now vacant chair .
the slaves wailed as they huddled together behind the low railing , and the driver had already taken his place while the cart was surrounded by mounted soldiers .
the coach itself was open with two velvet upholstered seats , and the master handed the mistress up to take her place as a smartly dressed youth pushed me forward to complete the third and last pair nearest to the vehicle .
and it was a great honor really that she had been given this special place , that she was not in a row with others .
four fresh ponies were driven out from the stables and harnessed in the front places as we waited .
though the entire long dining table was draped with white linen , only one end was set , with places for five people .
gift waved at me cheerfully as i took my place behind the wheel , and then the two were off , heading east toward monroe ... at least while i could see them .
on our way back into shreveport , mustapha took my place in the backseat with warren 's head on his lap .
tara was sitting behind the places saved for lawyers .
i find my place in line , between an abnegation girl and an amity boy .
i do n't feel nervous as i walk down the aisle to the bowls , though i still have n't chosen my place .
her eyes touch mine with peculiar force , and i stare back , unflinching , as i take my place among the bowls .
when she reached gamboa 's table , she found cindey had taken her place beside him .
behind her , the kitchen table was empty of all but one place setting .
he drawled , his cigarette - rough voice holding a hint of worry as he glanced at the unused place setting .
no , his lost shaker of salt , according to the paper place mat .
people were watching , and onstage , the last of the coven members had assumed their places .
i said , uneasy , but seeing two empty places at our table .
the demon was used to being listened to , and the last of the demons hustled to find their places .
there was an empty place beside trent , but that was out of the question with ellasbeth smiling thinly at me .
` ` morning , '' he said , pointing to the eat - at bar and two place settings .
she nudged a place for herself between the devyn - bride tangle of limbs and one of the in - training brothers before anyone could tell her to get lost .
she found a place at the end of the line , noting the way every female there watched mckell .
` ` take your places , everyone . ''
viola had taken her place in the center , shifting eagerly , ready to say her piece .
kane pushed a vampire out of the chair he wanted , and claimed a place at the bar .
belle , sherridan , switch places . ''
that was why he 'd wanted me and sherridan to switch places , the diabolical bastard .
the elevator is crowded , so my father volunteers to give a cluster of amity our place .
the members whoop and pump their fists and form a line , sometimes shoving one another out of the way to get a better place .
i sit down in my usual place , next to uriah , with will and christina across from us .
the room is chaotic for a while - people rushing in and rushing out again , our factionless guards trading places , new people in erudite blue brought to sit among us - but gradually everything gets quieter , and then i see him : tobias , walking through the stairwell door .
chip waved us in as we walked to our places in line .
` ` there are eight places here , but only five will move on to the next round of eating .
off to one side , the voting booth was set up , and camera - men took their places as we sipped water and waited .
sawyer found a place for the three of us , and as soon as i walked in , i knew it was home .
the remaining gods took their places , and penelope turned on her ipad with a heavy sigh .
everyone took their places and the music started .
she indicated a comfortable looking chair as she took her place behind a massive desk made from dark , shiny wood .
and apparently they did n't either , so they moved on down the aisle , finding their place beside maggie .
he had spoken with dr . todd and they could arrange for a place for me in two weeks .
shameus took his place in the love seat across from us .
i filled a bowl with cereal and milk and took my place next to erin .
instead , it was as if a place at this table had been sitting empty while this family awaited my return .
marcie looks doubtful , probably because she was spying last night at dinner , too , but she drops the curtain and takes her place at the table next to caroline .
i look at her , wondering what i would have done if our places were switched , whether i would have taken the time to give the competition a heads - up about the new deadline or about the fact that she 's the victim of vampire rumor - mongering .
dad and blake looked up from their places at the table .
she graced me in that same consuming smile when i accepted her gift , tiny teeth exposed , dimples drawn , leaving my heart in my throat as i watched her dance away and take her place at the smal children 's table .
sucking in a deep breath , i forced myself to walk around to the opposite side of the car to take my place next to lizzie .
three pairs of eyes watched as i settled into my place , natalie as if she 'd always believed i belonged there , matthew cautious , and elizabeth with a hint of red on her cheeks .
the wedding we 'd missed almost a year ago was supposed to take place in a large church overflowing with all the people we knew - friends , family , and acquaintances .
i turned my head , closed my eyes , and continued the hail mary i 'd started , just as everyone around us shuffled in their places and began to sit back in the pews .
the seat mirroring mine was the only empty one at the table ; a place the king would sit when he returned , or , according to my people , when i took a new husband .
the sweet , spicy scent of butter chicken wafted away as a plate of custard and apple pie took its place .
mike wandered back in and took his place beside david .
i take my place next to her at the table and we hold hands .
dee and i drink lemonades and find a place in the back corner of the dance floor .
we take our places in the middle of the group , unfurling a ten - foot - long banner and joining in the chant .
the woman finally moved off , and another mourner took her place .
grace waited until they were gone , then took their place at the table .
back in santa barbara , i share a place with morgan - it 's tiny but in this fun block with other students , super - close to the beach .
` ` but my place is taken already .
i ' m finally adjusting to the size of this place , with cavernous lecture halls full of earnest film geeks and slacker students .
` ` i think you 're over here , next to james , and i ' m across with ellen ... '' holly reaches the long dining room and takes a quick look at the seating chart before ushering me over to my place .
holly is out of talking range , seated on the other side of the table and three places down ; mr . talkative himself , james , is next to me , and on my other side is a super - skinny blond girl in an ice - pink dress .
holly gives me a thumbs - up sign , and i think i see will sitting in a place by the back .
she swiped in with her shiny new card , laced up her slim trainers , and took her place , unnoticed , at the back of the dance class that ella had been attending for months .
alice marked her place with a paper napkin and stretched .
alice pushed through the doors and took a place behind him in the busy morning queue , close enough to touch .
only those at the very far end of the room near the throne remained in their places .
then i ascended the steps to the high - backed chairs and took my place at the far end , so far along the curved wall that the king of athenea sat sideways to me .
jo took her place on the bench below me , next to alfie and fallon , whose arm reached back so i could take his hand .
flynn lands next to me , lying over two chairs as he fans himself with a place card .
i step away and take the place in .
` ` junior council has places to go this evening . ''
a perennial ball is taking place in the grand room with corpses in dresses with their skeletal remains , translucent bodies swirling in a frenetic circle .
would the junior nobility of the evening please step up and take your places as we announce the victors of tonight 's festivities . ''
i hear names whispered all the way down the long hall as logan , gage , and i try and find a place to sit .
you would think i 'd be used to the nothingness of it all by now , but my heart has foolishly saved a place for you , and all i have to fill it is grief .
i smiled back and gave him a small nod , before taking my place next to adrian on the ride .
he set two places , and each is filled with delicious - looking pasta , salad , and bread .
finally jules , sam and stacy make their way toward us and take their places and the music changes .
` ` i already set you a place at the table . ''
jax leads the girls to the stage and i take my place in the audience , standing near the stage so the little ones can see me .
` ` hold a place open for us . ''
we walk into the kitchen , past the dining room where i notice there 's an extra place setting at the table and i wonder who else is coming .
with a practiced hand , even though benny and i were both leaned into the table , he set it by my place setting and whisked himself away .
they 'd just been told by a member of staff that it was time to take their places at the gazebo by the lake .
that was when he set a diamond ring at the top of my place setting .
he was good because rocky was leaned into him the same way and had been since they took their places outside the locker rooms .
colt clapped ryker on the shoulder as they switched places but his hand came up to layne , layne took it and looked in colt 's eyes .
someone got me a fresh coffee and everyone resumed their places .
` ` amber , babe , put another place setting on the table . ''
i also found that amber knew where everything was and put another place setting on the kitchen table that i 'd already prepared ( i felt a family dinner should be consumed in the kitchen , not made formal in the dining room , so that was where we were to eat ) .
jake filled his place and when he did , he declared , ` ` it was a good night . ''
jake took his place beside his son and turned his eyes to stone , the old man standing next to him and terry .
when i was settled , gunner and kell took their places , gunner at my left back and kell at the right .
frey 's men and alyssa 's family and friends moved to their places and stopped .
to my utter delight , delight that meant my head whipped around and tipped back so i could aim my beam of happiness to apollo , chris took his place beside me .
` ` dig in , folks , '' julia announced , taking what had naturally , over the weeks , become her place at douglas 's left side while monique sat across from her on his right ( the table was far too long for douglas to take the head and monique to take the foot ) .
the table was covered with a white damask cloth and the finest china , crystal and silver were laid out , only two places , hers and douglas 's .
` ` yes , '' she admitted , leaning back to allow the young man access to her place setting .
then his head turned , he caught her gazing at him , she felt the warmth hit her cheeks and she immediately looked down at her place setting .
` ` but trixie has n't arrived yet , '' mom said as everyone started to take their places at the round table .
not unless every single response card has been counted , the caterers have been cal ed , we know where every ass is seated at the reception and those places have handwritten place cards and boxed and bowed truffles on their goddamned plates , '' tod snapped then pointed at indy .
the band took their places and plugged in while i went to the mic .
` ` twelve place settings , '' i went on .
he moved to my side , keeping his and my arm behind my back and marched me out of the ballroom at the denver performing arts complex where hank and roxie 's reception was taking place .
` ` i have been hoping to speak with you , '' sir bryan whispered as they took their place in the dance , ` ` concerning the lady , cristina . ''
hunter followed and then took his place at the head of the aisle , next to the vicar .
i guess the grad students have had to fill the empty places where my brothers and sisters should ' ve been .
once at the tilbury , gideon lifted her onto the leather seat and took his place beside her , taking the reins from the coachman .
gideon paused to help her into the carriage before taking his own place and urging the horses down the street .
kept busy pouring drinks and washing glasses , darcy did n't notice when the latest arrivals took a place at the bar .
then all of the sudden , there 's a blinding light on us , and the whole place erupts , and there are wolf whistles and cat calls and someone starts shouting : get on stage !
i smiled at him as he caught my eye and took his place in the front .
he said , and everyone laughed as he shooed us off stage to our respective places .
i watched them scramble to their places .
everyone was rushing about , trying to reset the stage for the bigger scenes , which took place in the second half .
on shaking legs , and with amy 's help , we climbed the staircase in the lobby , taking our place on the balcony .
as i sat in my place at the great dome , in preparation for claudia 's trial , the one emotion that still connected me to my humanity was the guilt .
eli , who was to head the proceedings , nervously shuffled on his feet as he took his place beside claudia .
my former place was reserved for him as a show of respect , but he never showed up to any of the meetings either .
eli lazaroff , usually the presider of all of our council meetings , took his place at the stand , in the middle of the dome .
gregor novak entered the dome , cued by my question , to take his place beside felix at the stand .
sofia then took her place beside aiden , holding his hand .
everyone returned to their places just in time before two burly young hunters came staggering down the steps .
michelle left the table , and elizabeth sat in her place .
not just because he still sometimes felt like a kid playing in the sandbox of the rock - and - roll playground with jagger and bowie having earned their places on the swings - but also because he had no interest whatsoever in strangers digging into his past .
fortunately , he had an ally in tatiana , who found her place card at his table , as well .
as she took her place on the set beneath the lights the photographer began taking pictures of her .
when they finally drew back from each other with bright eyes and flushed faces to take their places before the priest , the crowd was quite happily scandalized .
one by one , they took their places on the darkened stage and when the lights slowly came up , the audience saw them not as dancers , but as beautiful wildflowers in red and orange , yellow and purple .
everyone else moved past them to go take their places at the surprise wedding set up in the middle of the open field .
when tatiana went to take her place on set , smith felt valentina touch his arm .
* * * valentina 's hands were clenched so tightly that the skin on her palms was shredded by her nails within minutes of smith and tatiana taking their places on the set .
ryan slid into the large booth and pulled her in beside him , holding her hand in his on top of the table as everyone else settled back into their places .
ellen caught sight of him and waved him over to his place by the bridesmaid he 'd be escorting .
gabe and megan , who were walking up the aisle in front of him , impeded his view of sophie for a few seconds and he had to crane his neck to keep his eye on her as she took her place beside lori beneath the rose covered arches .
the last thing jake saw before taking his place beside gabe in the lineup was sophie 's soft mouth turned up into a sensual , utterly feminine smile .
it seemed as if every pair of eyes in the whole place were trained on her and the towering black stallion .
there were three place settings clustered at one end , with linen napkins folded stiffly and silverware metastasizing out from stacks of china that bore the sutherland family crest .
everyone in the whole place was applauding the singer up on the stage , and he was so gracious about it , nothing arrogant in his bowing .
but abruptly , she found herself walking around on her linoleum , making a tight little circle , eyes lighting on the hand towels that were neatly hanging off the handle of the oven , and the napkins on the table in their rack , and the two place mats she had out even though she always ate alone .
racing into v and butch 's place .
i want him seated in the morning parlor when those aristocrats arrive so they do n't see him relying on anyone to find his place .
errant guest , indeed : rehvenge , the council 's titular leahdyre , strode in like he owned the place , his full - length mink coat sweeping after him , a red cane that was not an umbrella , helping him along .
trenton stared at me for a minute , and then motioned for olive to trade places with him .
i did n't need a boy distracting me while i tried to find my place at qt .
the place hummed with news as scientists whispered and gossiped in small groups and people sprinted back and forth like they were on serious missions , their faces pale and shaken .
i stood there tensely , waiting for the ball to drop and for greyson to stand up and push me against the wall and put me in my place .
anyone brave enough to risk it could find a place at one of the clubs scattered around the city , and even though it was highly illegal , everyone knew that the vis who made up the governing body of society frequented these places .
as he walked away to take his place at the end of the pew , the look greyson gave him sent a jolt down my spine .
she moved forward with the grace of a deer and gestured to a place at the foot of the table .
everyone in the wedding procession took their places .
brianna sat directly across from him , twirling the fork at her place setting and glaring at him .
` ` i set a place for you in the dining room , but- '' she gestured at the table where he was sitting ` ` -if you 'd rather eat in here , i can move your plate . ''
she returned callie 's smile as she accepted , and even though callie slid over , making a place for her , she sat on matt 's side .
she was hoping to put several place settings between her and noelle .
besides , oliver was no longer that small for his age , and he 'd managed to find places where he could fit in .
georgia slid into lucky 's place as lucky headed to the restroom with her daughter .
when i first held the auditions ... '' the place was packed to overflowing .
stepping away from her , he put his quarter on the side of the table behind bobby west 's to save his place in line .
the divorced mary thornton , who 'd been captain of the cheer squad in high school , sat with her crowd in the corner , but the place had n't filled up yet .
he took his usual place at the table with roy , grady , ben and isaiah , who were each cradling a cup of coffee while waiting for breakfast .
the organ burst into a crescendo behind him , rebecca hurried forward to take her place on the opposite side of the altar , and millie and his mother found their seats .
she was alone and had her nose in a menu , but a second menu lay near the place setting across from her .
rachel sat in a place of honor in the front row .
little boys dressed like shepherds were carrying baby goats and taking their place at the front of the room , but it felt like i was in a trance as i eased away from ethan and his family , clinging to the shadows before i slipped outside .
i 'd only met him a few times , but as i found a place at the edge of the group , he offered me a warm smile .
once all of anne 's councilors have taken their place , the assembly rises and the duchess herself comes into the room .
i return the smile and take my place next to the duchess .
the duchess and isabeau take their places at the high table on the raised dais , and the privy councilors join them .
as i take my place at the table , julian sends me a look of warning - tread carefully .
they were promised a place at our table , and i would honor that .
there was a dog in there somewhere , and neal 's mom talking about setting an extra place at the table .
i stroll over and take my place next to hunter who gives me a handshake .
when jaylinn reaches me she smiles and winks , and cooper , just like jackson , nods as they both take their places .
he spent pretty much the whole night staring at his place card , as if he 'd never before realized how fascinating the spelling of his name could be .
that night , jael did n't ask for a reprise , so tam and einar took their places in her quarters , as usual .
rule and i shared a chuckle , and i took my place next to the archer brothers .
asa was watching them with careful eyes as i made a place for myself among the grizzled war vets that sat sentinel at the scarred bar top .
the cabinets had food , the fridge was full , and she had put place mats on the little dining room table .
but when i walked into the library , the only person in the whole entire place was alice franklin .
` ` i ' m not going to bike any triathlons but it gets me places the subway ca n't , '' the girl responds .
so i left the house without telling anyone and got in my cherry - red chevy nova , the car my dad left to me when he died , and drove it to the church where my dad 's and landon 's funeral took place .
no one seems to notice that i have n't joined them , and they have n't set a place for me at the table .
i set the table for four , and at the last minute , my mom had me add a place setting , which could only mean one of two things .
she walked over to a nearby conference table , and one by one , the other eight cheerleaders took their places , filling all but two of the seats .
i watched him , and when hayley hoffman sauntered up to me , i devoutly wished i could change places with noah .
i thought about just sucking it up and taking my place at the center table , but i could n't quite bring myself to turn the other cheek , because the fact that hayley was using that particular term as an insult meant that her words were n't just insulting me .
driven by my desire to get off my feet , i turned and walked back toward the central table , and with one last deep breath , i sat down , taking my place between bubbles and tara .
we switched places at the next bridge and i got as comfortable as possible in the passenger seat .
i found my place back in colt 's arms .
once i was showered and dressed , i made my way into the kitchen to find rick sitting at the table , with two place settings .
guys , you need to take your places and everyone else needs to find a seat .
we took our places and stood there waiting in anticipation .
chapter 57 the funeral service for bobby did n't take place until five days later , being that his body had to be transported and then prepared .
chapter 23 ramsey i 'd found my place again , thanks to vessa .
i took her places , and people knew we were more than friends .
the spartan , along with oliver and kenzie , was in an honor guard that had been assigned to watch over the band members , since the concert was taking place at the aoide auditorium and not here on campus .
kate took arilyn 's place next to kennedy and shot her a worried look .
i ' ve got a place in seattle , a ticket to seattle .
my arms are yanked behind me , and i ' m suddenly shoved and pulled out of my place and down the aisle .
the gala celebration was going to take place at the family compound , copper beach , on legacy island .
` ` he said he could find a place for you at madison commercial . ''
` ` and do n't you dare tell me that a business partnership will fill in the empty places , '' she added icily .
he took a place to her right , while liza sat down at her left , next to alasdair .
she walked briskly back to her place at the table where ( he others sat stupefied by the small scene that had just taken place .
there was a tiny flower in a miniature bud vase positioned between the two place mats .
according to the schedule , the first event took place in a little under an hour , which left enough time for a quick drink at the bar , if he hurried .
graham had pushed aside his place setting , his elbows where his fork and knife would be .
matt and kyle abandoned their places and licked - clean plates to barrel toward misty .
misty said , sliding into the empty place at the table .
she walked over and took her place between two ` ` slave '' women .
he was sweet and sexy , filling up the place at the table as though he belonged there .
they took their places on the leather furniture , and leem launched into a long overview of the facilities .
audrey took a place on a white love seat with a soft blue cushion .
elizabeth walked into the kitchen to find rebecca setting seven places at the table and ronan hunched over the stove in jeans and black t - shirt , cooking what had to be five packages of bacon and four cartons of eggs .
scott had vacated one place , though mabel and connor remained , sitting firmly together .
a mackenzie family dinner was taking place at the duke of kilmorgan 's mansion on grosvenor square several days after their return from newmarket .
jeanne looked up , gawked , and lost her place .
liam caressed the back of kim 's neck and led her to her place at the table .
other shifters down the line might fight among themselves to move up a place or two , and a series of fights could happen until the pecking order settled again .
the new shifter cubs ran around screaming with torey and other shiftertown cubs , already finding their places .
isabella sat down at her place , fingering the card , which she 'd slipped into her pocket .
mac took his place in the chair , with six - year - old aimee on his left , and isabella standing at his right shoulder .
eleanor stood at hart 's right , and lord ramsay , who now called himself grandfather alec , took a place on hart 's left .
at his place were pewter plates , scrupulously clean ; a goblet and tumbler also of pewter ; and thick glass decanters of water and whiskey .
as long as you thought you were a viking , you had a place at their table .
daniel steered violet firmly downstairs to the cart and helped her onto the back of it , taking his place beside her .
celine took her place at the head of the table , and violet , garbed in her peach gown and the dark veils , stood a little behind her left shoulder .
violet sat down at the table this time , pulling on gloves as she took a place between her mother and the older madame lanier .
the wedding of daniel mackenzie and violet devereaux took place in may at kilmorgan castle .
mrs . hill sat down in bertie 's place , and bertie hurried to her room , her legs weak with exhaustion .
he could n't help thinking that maybe he reminded them of the son they 'd never had the chance to know , that maybe that was the only reason they ever asked him over , or set an extra place for him at the dinner table .
as they slip into their places , hadley notices violet smiling at monty across the table , and he gazes back at her for a beat too long before ducking his head again .
the whole place is transfixed by the couple on the floor - the way they lean into each other , laughing each time they pull apart again - yet they might as well be dancing in an empty room .
once her own place setting is cleared , hadley pushes back her chair and leans forward to pick up her purse .
in fact , the place went absolutely silent when the officiator stated that if anyone objected to our union , they should speak now or forever hold their peace .
i sat in the place indicated .
soon i was surrounded as the rest of them abandoned their places , too .
the band director called through the megaphone , telling us to return to our places and run the drill again .
nick had squeezed onto the end of the bench next to gavin , which left only one place for me .
he 'd set two of the places with knives , forks , spoons , and napkins .
he slid his arm around my shoulders , and we walked to calculus together , where i took my rightful place in the desk behind his .
automatically i took my place at the wing , like i 'd done a million times with mr . hall .
she took her place at the bar beside erin , who was trying and failing to suppress a self - righteous smile .
they took their assigned places at one of the tables and played for three tedious hours , with their opponents rotating to new tables every so often .
my heart sank as i drove near barry s house and saw how far away i 'd have to park to get a place on the side of the road .
she stood and walked around the wagon wheel table to switch places with him and give him some distance from the other restaurant customers , for the third time in the hour they 'd been eating .
she skipped forward and ooohed her approval at the two places set at the kitchen table , the plates heaped with chicken casserole and roasted vegetables .
i scanned the van for an empty place .
i heard the name mrs . donovan called out to fill chrissy 's place .
he was aware of yvette 's furtive gaze as she hurried to set a place for him , of nan 's wide - eyed stare as she poured him a cup of tea .
reverend paul took his place at the pulpit .
rafe took cagin 's place on the sofa .
savanah felt her cheeks flush with heat as she took a place in the circle , with her father on her right and another man on her left .
when mara nodded , logan wrapped his arms around her and willed the two of them to his place .
if i 'd agreed he would probably have had me a place by the end of the night .
a bag of cheap crackers with a juice box beside it took the sandwich 's place .
` ` how do you think i get places ? ''
bill took his place beside them , but as i moved to join him , eric spoke again .
a few years ago the japanese had invented a synthetic blood that satisfies the vampires ' nutritional requirements , which has enabled the undead to come out of the shadows and take their place at the american table .
as alcide and his blond counterpart took their places in the pen , i noticed they were both gloved .
i moved away , and the were couple that had entered after quinn and me took my place .
the principal at the school where halleigh taught had given the couple some perfectly nice place mats , and the assistant principal had gotten napkins to match .
without a word , sigebert had moved into andre 's place beside sophie - anne , a half step back .
we took our places behind the queen .
late in the afternoon , i was deemed capable of tossing the salad , and i got to put the cloth and the little bouquet of flowers on the table and arrange the place settings .
four place settings .
no one suddenly announced that he was a gargoyle and wanted a place at the american table .
` ` so you think the wedding will take place ? ''
she claps her hands twice , and everybody goes in search for their place on the barre .
looking down at the menu card that is placed on the center of my place setting , i let out a sigh of relief that this year they are actually serving turkey instead of the dreadful duck they had last year .
i ask as we switch places , and he lies down on the bench .
drew and i take our places near the altar as the doors are closed once more .
delores stands beside my sister , and matthew takes his place to my left .
a place at the table had been left for her - on the far side , away from the door , and smack in the middle .
he led her to her place at the table , but she felt too restless to sit down .
a place will be set aside in the library for any other documents or work from shalador nehele that you want preserved outside of your land . ''
jaenelle 's eyes brimmed with amusement as she took her place beside him .
are we going to talk about the wedding thatwill take place or the one thatdid take place ? ''
and sometimes she found herself sharing a place with sadi when he slipped away from whatever court he was serving in for a quiet evening .
` ` change places ? ''
lane asked , elbowing jack in the ribs as everyone found a place at the table .
the small pitcher of nonfat milk sat by my place setting , holding exactly a half cup of gray , watery , not - so - much milk .
which fell as soon as i saw a brand - new iphone sitting at my place at the table .
i pushed the phone , and my place mat , away .
first sophia realized that while they were technically at different tables , her place card put her directly behind neil 's chair .
as she took her place across from her husband , i asked her if there was anything i could do to help .
` ` hey , monica , can you run this by the nelson 's on your way to drop off the place settings ?
simon ushered purina into his place , telling her softly to find something in his room to put on .
study hall took place in the great hall , the big room with all the tables where i 'd first gotten a glimpse of the plaid army .
i took my place at their sides , scout squeezing my hand when i stood beside her , ready to take on evil in the second city .
jeff nodded and took his place on the other side of the aisle .
at the motion of his hand , i took my place as the twelfth addition to cadogan house , standing directly in front of amber .
his tulips were in the vase and the accessories of fancy dining - place mats , cloth napkins , silverware , and wineglasses - lay on the table before each of the four chairs .
we drove to university village , parked along the street , and took our places in line with the thirdshifters on lunch breaks and the uic students needing late - night snacks .
i rushed back into my place just as the door to the stairwell burst open and men filed into the hallway .
from the front of the line , i caught a glimpse of kimber glaring at the three of us as we took our places in the back of the line .
the moment he took his place and nodded to her , she sealed up the disguise .
as the warriors took up their places , he realized grace had grown very still next to him .
as she took her place to the right of marguerite , an order that seemed fitting because fiona had been the first to discover the nature of her power , grace began to gain some confidence .
as soon as the fold took place , and because of all the training that seriffe has demanded of his militia warriors for years , all two hundred thousand of the parade troops , as well as the warriors that held civilian places in the grandstands , started folding to prearranged barracks around the world .
white ceramic bowls , filled with spaghetti and the promised sausage , sat on maroon silk place mats .
marcus resumed his place next to havily , but she held him back with a lifted hand .
she moved to take her place in the white diamond , her back to the supreme high administrator .
an event was taking place at night , a kind of fair , she supposed , with tables laden with food , trinkets , musical instruments , stuffed animals , the usual kind of carnival - ware .
he led her there and she took her place , but her heart had set up a racket .
only then did the troll take his place beside vojalie .
i felt neatly put in my place , but at the same time , i felt like he was complimenting me .
riley had insisted on printing our mustache shot , since he said it was my hard work that was saving his ass , and i deserved to be on the wall , but now it felt out of place .
she suspected it was no accident and she wondered why his place versus hers .
they both take a seat after setting them in the middle of the table and i notice there 's an extra place set .
` ` why are there five places set ? ''
'' if i could , i 'd swap places . ''
pale pink roses sit between two place settings and two wine glasses are full .
stella took a place at the long table , chairs , and a smart screen with a map of the region running feed in all four corners .
she motioned to the two place settings at the bar stools in front of the counter with small glasses of orange juice and a boxed pastry .
rex stepped behind the podium while everyone else settled in a place at the long table .
vince entered the plane first , ever aware of the gun too close to shay , and took his place up front .
` ` there are still a few places near the back , sir . ''
sterling was curled up in ginger 's lap , looking like a little prince , completely unfazed by the mayhem of children cannonballing into the deep end while a volleyball game took place on the beach .
they settled into their chairs , bronco and crusty suddenly opting for a new seating chart that left only one place for dr . keagan .
eleven children and their parents filled every inch of floor in the overcrowded room , the only place available for the newly founded group led by rena price , a civilian counselor from family advocacy at the base clinic .
gray made quick work of the umbilical cord and traded places with lori 's or while the pediatrician checked and wrapped the newborn .
they took their places five rows back , not conspicuously in the front .
the place filled quickly and he appreciated how many people remembered lilly and stopped to talk to her , making her feel welcome .
after taking his place next to carly , mike nudged her in the ribs .
two places were set at the table , and the delicious aroma of pancakes surrounded him , making his mouth water for a hot stack with warm maple syrup and steaming coffee .
a wicked gleam lit her gaze and suddenly he wanted nothing more than to change places .
she added the salad bowl and tongs to the table , set with two places .
he held her arm and moved her around so he could swap places with her , taking the brunt of the glare .
lola finished with his place setting .
there were no place cards and no official rsvp was required .
he was also sitting in the backseat and the only available place for me in her tiny datsun that zan had given her was next to him since zan was in the front seat .
but still , it never hurts to hit a few balls , if you know what i mean , '' simon said with a wink as we took our places across from each other on the court .
someone had already set out the plates , and there was a place set for me , with a card sitting on the plate , and yes , it was handmade .
although avery had n't arrived , dixon was sitting in his usual place next to hers on the other side of tanner , at the very end of the table .
when stu saw his brother standing on the other side , though , he nodded to brenda to switch places with him , and it was he who served up tanner 's order .
the gardens , clearly , would be where the dual nuptials took place , since a sea of folding white chairs had been set up for as far as the eye could see .
greaves nodded gratefully and led the ladies to their places .
footmen scurried under the eagle eye of the butler to set another place for her .
she patted the empty place beside her .
` ` please ask mrs . butterman to set another place , '' isabel instructed the butler .
` ` that 's yer place , '' harry said and nodded his chin toward the head of the table .
silence lifted her chin and made her way up the table , conscious that all eyes were upon her , until she stood beside the empty place at the right hand side of mickey o'connor .
they were on the dance floor now , and he pivoted to face her as other couples took their places around them .
he had already found a place at the table .
helen glowered from beneath her brows as she watched sir alistair round the table and sit at his own place .
i used to have a place in new orleans , but i sold it after katrina . ''
she wants to offer me a place , but she wo n't give me a free pass .
he leaves me to take his place on the brightly lit stage , and just like that , the make - believe is real .
` ` sit , please , '' maggie says and gestures to the remaining place settings .
jaimie moved through the immaculate expanse of lawn toward the roped - off area where the newest landscaping was allegedly taking place .
skyler and dimitri took their place next to him .
branislava switched places with gregori to cushion hemming 's head in her lap so that his head was at a higher angle .
a special event was taking place on the summer evening , some kind of greek festival complete with special food and picnics on the grounds where guests could enjoy the sunset .
rick always made his way to zach 's house before she retired , but there was a place setting for him at the table tonight in case he came earlier .
he led her up to the front and held her hand briefly before letting go and taking his place beside blake .
chairs were set up in rows of ten separated by a middle aisle , giving the capacity of over a hundred places for an audience to sit .
she signed , placed her room number , and moved away so another needy conventioneer could take her place .
mrs . dawson moved from her chair to hug helen before amber switched places with the older woman .
` ` when is this wedding to take place ? ''
` ` i want two more places set for dinner at our table .
he beamed his approval , then took his place with lora to watch the ceremony .
i gulp and find a place in line with the other travelers flying coach .
eddersley and brickbank found their places across from him , and he rapped on the ceiling .
bonfires blazed in red - orange pockets as spectators waited , reserving their places for the morning 's executions .
randy , dave , leonard , and scott sitting on my right , take up the remaining places .
he gestured for her to sit in the place he had just vacated which was across from candi 's parents .
making my way from the front door to the farthest seat in the entire place reminds me of a recurring nightmare i have , where everyone in the room stares at me and says nothing .
by the time she comes to take to the seat i saved for her , it 's the only one left in the whole place .
mick looks down at me as if we 're the only ones in the whole place .
she hurried away from the trolley , wanting to find a place with as many people as possible .
i watched as long as i could , watching the blood pour down over my shirt , the skin split , only to lose my place because of my shaky hand .
the halls are empty , but i hear a spirited game of cards being played in the leisure room , new members taking our places .
my parents look disappointed , but then my mother reminds me to clear my place .
` ` how do you get places ? ''
jaime swapped places with dante so that she was then sitting by nick , winking at shaya when he stiffened at her proximity .
chase had a special place there , reserved just for him .
i looked up and realized the place had gone silent , everyone watching me talk to tim - which i ' m sure just looked like me talking to myself .
dardennes raised his arms up , standing in the front of the room behind his council seat , calling out to everyone to take their places and quiet down .
there were four empty places at the far side of the table , next to becky .
karzac , curmudgeonly physician that he was , found a place at the island and settled down to eat his crepe .
crystal champagne flutes and water glasses were added , in addition to polished silver place settings .
plates and chargers came next - grish 's place settings would impress just about anyone .
` ` you have a place in seattle already ? ''
we take our places .
i admire the small white place card with fine silver calligraphy that bears my name as a waiter lights the candelabra with a long taper .
well , that accounts for the number of crystal glasses in every size that crowd my place setting .
christian places the white bowl in between our place settings and takes his seat beside me .
i flush as i take my place at the breakfast bar beside christian .
i glance at the two places set on the breakfast bar .
marcus took his place behind mrs . stone , who sat with her back to the entrance .
we cleared the places in front of them at the same time , and i walked toward the door already in routine .
i sat his dessert down in front of him and took my place .
take your places , gentlemen . ''
i smiled , pocketing my cash and taking my place next to jack .
agent savola resumed his place on batelli 's left , arms crossed over his chest .
the council members stood as soon as he entered and , when he 'd taken his place , they bowed .
lorenzo sat in the place of honor at his right .
lorenzo took his place at the front of the hall , holding the staff of the city out to his side .
principal bringham was introduced , and after a lot of talking by a lot of people , our school song , and the speeches given by the valedictorian and salutatorian , the superintendent and principal took their places .
chairs were lined up in rows toward the back of the stage , and i took my place next to kiki .
` ` yes , but , '' he said with a sheepish grin , ` ` my place is right above yours .
she stood like an unfeeling statue as the shaitans worked , and when they were done , she numbly allowed them to lead her through the palace to the ballroom where the ceremony would take place .
` ` why do n't you take a place in the crowd , white .
my tears started to flow freely as i found a place in the crowd of mourners near the front .
tony turned to greet rae and mike , and simon took his place beside me .
tomorrow evening , the king 's funeral will take place at the estenzia arena .
chapter eighteen tony took his place at the head of the somewhat makeshift long table his ranch hands had put together while he and sarah were in town .
rook and owen have switched places , and they smile when i raise my eyebrows .
after one or two changes , mr . graham found his place beside me superseded by mr . wallace , a plump young lawyer , returning to edinburgh after seeing to the disposition of the estate of an elderly relative in inverness , as he explained to me .
52 a wedding takes place there was nothing to be done , but to repair the artemis as quickly as possible , and make sail for jamaica .
william found a place among the staff officers , standing respectfully back against the walls of the big tent .
i whispered to jamie , as he came back to take his place beside me toward the end of the funeral procession .
he 'd gone in with ian , taken up his place beside laoghaire in front of old father mccarthy .
my attention drifted back over the table where the gaudier viands were displayed : the peacock , tail feathers spread in a huge fan , occupied pride of place in the center of the table , but it was flanked by an entire roast boar on a bed of cabbage - this emitting a smell that made my stomach growl - and three enormous game pies , decorated with stuffed songbirds .
it was time , and jamie , i , and the grey brothers made our way inside and found our places .
just like the halloween party , i saw her the moment she entered , taking her place at the back of my line .
when they switched places , i felt her panic from across the room and feared she might hyperventilate and pass out .
they 'd give me a place , but i ca n't stomach the look of disappointment .
i push her chair in when she 's seated then take my place beside her .
when i take my place at the front of the line and the noise on the other side of the doors quiets , the energy and excitement and significance of the day finally seeps in to take over everything else .
` ` mornin ' , '' i return , sitting in front of the place she has set for me , the place that used to be my father 's .
` ` they can all get their places in line . ''
kyle looked up at liz , who took a place next to victoria .
liz was anxious to have everyone in the same place , even knowing that brady was incredibly charming , because her father in particular still had reservations about liz dating brady .
the second - to - last act finishes butchering u2 , and kylie and oz take their place in the center of the open area .
he stared up at the picture of the king , which took pride of place on the wall , then took his place next to jones , preparing to file out of the wardroom .
the white plastic table sat in the middle of the threadbare lawn , with two place settings of stainless - steel cutlery and a candle in a wine bottle in the middle .
if she 's not in her place in thirty seconds i ' m afraid we 'll have to start without her . '
i had been staring at his place mats , with pencil and watercolour views of london landmarks , which he still put on the table for every meal , as jean would have asked him to .
' oh , great , ' she mutters to herself , as she takes her place at the back .
he was sitting at a table laid with two places , a candle flickering between them .
we 'll have an extra place at our vip table with jake not going , '' aj offered .
even from my place down the aisle , i could see his deep blue eyes sparkling in the twilight .
` ` i reserved a place for you . ''
the next thing i knew the guys had taken their places and began to warm up .
abby and jake found places at the head of the table .
i had just retaken my place at the head of the altar when the organ began the introduction to ave maria , for mia 's entrance .
* * * my father has taken his place at the table 's head in the conference room while mitch and i sit opposite abram and jamie .
the ceremony is taking place at my parents ' country estate outside of edinburgh .
we regretfully return to our table and take our place next to my parents for our catered dinner .
* * * everyone has taken a place around the table for the emergent leadership meeting .
` ` ladies , we 're going to get started in a minute , why do n't you go take your places . ''
yet i smile all the same as i take my place in the seat he motions for me to sit in .
she winked and went to take her place among the class .
she had just returned to alexander 's place when she turned on the news to see what had happened at the finish line .
emmie took her place , and i finally dropped down between her and drake .
at ten minutes to three , i got a text from him and put everyone in their places .
the owner 's wife discreetly offered me a tissue as i took my place behind emmie , and i dabbed at my damp eyes .
shane stood and harper took his place , his hand grasping and squeezing hers for a moment before stepping away .
i rushed to take my place before the rotating stage turned .
i let both the girls get in before i finally took my place by the window with dallas tucked against me .
kenzie 's chin trembled again and dallas moved from our side of the booth to take a place next to the girl .
i gave him a happy smile and took my place .
while everyone else got in , i made sure the driver stored our things away carefully and then took my place beside marissa .
when natalie climbed in she did n't even look in my direction , just took a place right beside rhett fucking tomlinson .
you 're about to be announced so go take your places . ''
once they were all settled , i climbed in and took a place in the back , scooting over so that devlin could climb in with me .
she was sent down alone one day , not escorted by a priest who would have found her a place with somebody .
and one thousand warriors roar their approval and thump their chests in salutation and bowing again before the chief god of valhalla , i take my place at the high table .
* when lady sophia , the mother divine , takes her place on the sterling throne at the head of the hall , the rumblings of conversation dwindle to instant silence .
* lady sophia once again takes her place on the sterling throne and instantly the courtroom falls silent .
robert takes his place back on the couch as claire gets up from her seat .
mortal men once again took their places at the end of the column .
she had seen the old man take his place in line , but he was too elderly to make a difference .
her lips parting in an awestruck stare , she leaned against the glass handrail and took her place next to the retired admiral .
beyond the tree - lined avenue , a massive crowd had taken its place at the foot of the councils platform , awaiting the delayed arrival of the final members of the cradles governing body .
calico could nt be sure , but when she mounted the steps up to the stage and took her place behind the microphone , she would swear it was the moon talking .
they stared at him as he strode past and round to his place , but he knew from their faces it was only because it was better to watch something than to patiently wait for hazel or samson to give an update .
set an extra place this evening , please .
did you see him light up when we all took our places .
as he ate his pork , stuffing , mashed and roast potatoes , mixed vegetables and gravy , the tension between his hosts burrowed into him , and he felt a queer splice taking place insidemoroseness with a kind of morbid curiosity .
blake and reggie were staring at michael now , like scientists waiting for a chemical reaction to take place in a beaker .
people turned to watch him as he took his place next to michael against the wall .
fritz and edwina glared at him from their places farther back in the pecking order .
the families and the brightboxes came , one by one , and took their places around the room .
after waiting near the front door for a table to be vacated , the inn keeper eventually indicated a place quite near the centre of the busy room which had become free .
as i approached my place a servant again in house livery stood forward and withdrew my chair from under the table , smiling and bidding me to sit .
soon everyone was in attendance and had taken their place at the table , so sally brought her attention back to the purpose of the meeting as adrian started speaking .
when the tribe 's elders saw that the off - worlder , had been given a place of honor , it made for whispered conversations in their tents .
when andra sat down , there was a grumbling from around the talk - stone , they were not , happy about having an off - worlder sitting in a place , meant for a tribe leader .
again there was a great shout , then the nomad kings , came forward and took their places around the dark stone .
he was a fool but a believer in the gods , he will find a small place to sit in the golden hall .
the line broke up and people surged forward to find a place at a table .
each place was set with a plastic box and each box had the word lunch stencilled on it .
i was telling karen about how the watchers used angela , she told mort as they took their places around the table .
she patted the empty place next to her on the settee .
there was no warm greeting , just an exchange of nods as number one took his place next to number four .
the places left by the dead cadets had been replaced by a mixture of first and second - class cadets .
unsure how i would explain to her mother if robyn came down with some kind of odour - induced illness , i offered to swap places with her .
waters ordered pond to switch places with her and told spark to keep his stun gun at the ready .
chases and riddicks discs switched places so the lawyer stood before the wrekkio family .
the only place left for her to go was into the seating .
mike stood and trixi took his place .
as henry watched a group of men come through a gateway , then took a place at the back of a long column of soldiers dressed in black coats standing two across heading through another gate .
keryn stepped beyond the elevated seats until she reached a set of stairs that wound through the audience and that would take her to her place among the already burgeoning crowd .
it certainly looks like the ni - perchta are happy to see you , and they offer you a place on their rough carpets stretched out over the soil .
the table was covered with a silk cloth and each place setting had been set with the councils finest dinnerwear .
each place setting was meticulously arranged to perfection , seating ten on either side .
she stretched out her arm in the direction of the table , directing the party to take their places .
she continued to stand , as if a statue waiting for all the guests to find their places .
there were two places set at the table .
usually , he crouched or kneeled next to , or behind , the warlord who occupied a place at the centre of the table full of haskars , his slave ready to come forward in response to the snapped fingers of a master .
the arguments and battles over who had places on the ships continued until the final days , and then one year before the meteor was set to hit the planet , the ships took off with as many people as they could carry .
veniche of every race and tribe queued for hours in the early morning to get a place on one of the construction crews .
there were places for each occupant to sleep , as well as for them to be seated .
lujan took his place near the head of the table and returned the others nodded greetings .
graid then took his place at the throne behind the alons , as polintin , the alon who was the keeper of tradition , stood before the podium .
drop back , so i can try to pry off its cover.^ they switched places , and soon they were at the entrance .
the grates came down and four new people took their places .
she hurried to her place while her elder sisters ended their babble of conversations one by one .
` ` the entire place was set against him from the moment we walked in .
he climbed into the van and took the indicated place in the farthest back seat , beside two girls with bruised , puffy faces .
greer took his place at the center of the table , where rachel noticed the empty chair had been removed .
ditton took his place before a grey - marble piano and proceeded to play , tenderly and talented .
i took my place at the back of the line , swiped my card when it was my turn , and pushed through the revolving door .
the inspectors will be arriving shortly and our friends should be in their places by then .
it looked like even when lives were at stake , royalty could nt be ignored , but a few parents with children clinging to their sides frowned , disinclined to lose their places .
each moment the night grew lighter , and by the time the brothers were ready to take their places in the chamber of flora , the moon had risen considerably .
we dined and celebrated with the court , artileon and i were seated with the king and reem in a place of honor .
i looked at my place setting .
that night , pan noticed the master 's look when he saw the additional place settings .
the men took their places at the table as coxen addressed them .
he took a seat to his designated place among the silver generals and admirals across from his father , and he waited for the man himself to speak first .
her mind joined with the others in rationalising the situation , creating an image of a large room , with cats of every variety arriving from all parts of the country and taking their places .
but before i can get back my place , the other dozen bobs behind me close up the gap .
i took my place beside her .
derrick took a place , cut off a piece of the cobbler , and put it on his plate .
rei threw himself into the competition , just so he could find a place .
nevin took his place next to berl , the others crowded into the box with the injured soldiers as the wagon creaked away .
with a glance at the classroom teacher , the little girl hurried back to the front of the room and found her place beside her classmates .
on entering the hall , steve and maggie stopped , looking for their places .
so she graciously showed us her place and the rest is history really , john said .
soon they took their places at the royal table , hedron motioning the others in the room to be seated before beginning his remarks .
ayron paused as tieran and malicai approached the dais and took their places behind him , privileged to see the passage from which the prophet was going to read .
you re constantly moving around , having to hustle to get the best next place in line before someone else does .
barns , clapping , rose to take his place .
janet 's reply , if she had one that she cared to give , was postponed indefinitely by the arrival of bates himself , who came striding powerfully and confidently into the room to sit at the final remaining place at the table with janet , jane , and mel .
kalen said and indicated the two places that had been set for them .
it was a tradition with the team and the owner of the restaurant had opened up his place for them since the schools inception in 1964 .
they sat back to their place , people turned the tv cameras back , dinas head was so much trembling again , because she had to appear in a live broadcast , that she also felt embarrassed because of her trembling .
serina , seated two places away from adama , leaned his way and spoke .
the rest of us were gathering ourselves up , trying to take our places beside her .
* * * the wedding took place at saint giles with john knox officiating the elaborate , ostentatious ceremony .
as we took up our places around the stump , on seats crafted from river - reeds , the bow and quiver of arrows strapped over ruzzells shoulder made another statement .
the poorer classes are not allowed inside its hallowed wallsthe third tier is nt the poorest class ? the poor who live in the villages outside the great city of zika would kill for a place at our table .
all together @ long silent processions , shining with the lights the inhabitants hold in their hands , moving towards a single destination , the main square of the town , where the ceremonies are taking place .
they were wondering why they were standing around when everyone else was seated , and they quickly took their places at the table again .
okay , i thought i could pick my place out of a lineup now .
zachary , the blogger , computer wiz and learned man was yielding his place to zachary , the hypochondriac , another frequent fixture of his personality .
as a graus shed often been offered a place at the captains table during mealtimes and had been given the ships tour on the flagship of the calderan fleet .
it was n't long until she heard the shuffling of feet from a hallway off behind the larger table , and sat up when several older meregals took their respective places .
that done , the stage managers and rohrig arranged all the cast in their places and jacy was amazed to find out that he was right : the small room did hold an incredible number of people .
the table had been draped with a lace cloth and each place setting was perfect .
curiously um never asked why its physical attributes were so different from the others ' , a perpetual child among scores of children who grew up and left allowing younger ones to take their place in sarah 's chemistry class .
i took my place on the bus .
daniel had once insisted we find a place in stirling , out near the wallace monument and in the enclaves of suburbia .
oh , of course , i said , feeling more embarrassed , as john and i exchanged places with her .
will the players please take their places at the central table .
she settled into her seat , a sense of completeness washing over her as richard and stephen took their places on either side of her , as ian and sean resumed their watch from behind .
jon waited until the rest were in their places before taking the open spot at nicoles right .
brick aimed his words at other brick as the foursome took their places in the booth , snugly .
the table was glass and aluminium , which was disconcerting because amelia could see her knees under her place setting .
he gestures again to the other seats , and this time we find places and sit .
that was years ago , she replies , as she straightens a place setting .
when all were called and had received their gift of life , they each returned and took their former places in the crowd , and when the last had returned , ira watched as the young man stood and walked away .
alex took her place at his left .
thank you , she said , sitting back down and offering fin a place opposite her .
as their squad leader kicked in the flimsy door , i took the next place in line , pistol in hand .
we were in the domed meeting room once more , commander frakes had relinquished his seat at the head of the table and lieutenant burns had taken his place .
important meetings take place in marble - white buildings in connaught place , not in back street restaurants in chandni chowk .
the three of them more than overfilled jeremys single and only place to sit in his apartment .
here built - the hall of the gods ; solarus , infernus , exortus any deity previously recorded , and remembered by history or believers had a place .
they jostle for a place on the ferry they think will save them .
one by one , the doctors arrived , and took their places in the stations around the table .
suella had been standing behind tonis shoulder , but dr . allende said would you like to switch places ?
when suella received natalie back in her arms , she took her down to the enclosed stadium seats section , a place where she had never sat at the cincinnati stadium .
she could never get used to the huge , communal christmasses that took place at waldheim .
there s a lot in the back with a couple of guest places in it , for you to park .
with the food and beverage ( hopefully real water and not some mushy clear stuff ) , i move through an aisle between the tables , searching for a place to sit .
he managed to find a place by a display cabinet with a small scale model of a competitors drilling rig inside .
gidget the droid rolls over to an avocado workstation , as the young mongoose operatives don their third eye patches and derringer visi - goggles , and take their places behind master kane .
the great pie in the sky , the big banana , and an honored place at the table with crazy prince eddie winzer , the duke of york , and soon to be king edward ix .
the night crew already taking their places .
she steered me into a shining plastic dinette where shed set the table with bamboo place mats .
when she stops for breath he makes an inviting gesture toward the table with the new linen tablecloth , the bamboo place - mats , her favorite port , cut - glass dishes with radishes , toothpicked cheese - cubes , black and green olives , celery , also the gigantic bouquet , also the neat stack of papers , the two pens and the fat worn treasury of great poems edited by untermeyer .
becca makes her way to the center of the building , looking for the i d place .
after all the crews were in the back of the truck , fat jack pulled a lever to remove the safety locks on the gate then he took his place in the passenger seat of the trucks cab .
he kissed me on the forehead and i took my place behind the dais .
they had scuttled to the back of the room when the fighting had broken out , and now quietly took their places back at the benches .
i d expected the place to erupt with cheers and smiles , but the news only brought silence .
rei stood up and rome sat down in his place .
well , thank you , jeff said , laying the book on the table next to his place setting .
the rest of them found places among the four double bunks at the end of the common room .
the others came up on deck and found their places in the two dinghies , both considerably larger , but less maneuverable , than the cutter .
of course , i reassure her as blythe leaves her place at the table .
we have to warn the professor about the rejects , blythe says as she takes her place at the controls beside jenica .
the nurse comes back in with her assistant and each of them takes a place beside us .
tom and cody took their places .
a man took his place next to me .
hershey , who had followed us the whole way , took his place beside me , but rather than lying down at my feet , he sat and watched as the people filed in .
behind him , he heard the audience begin to file out through other exits so they could assume their places in the triumph or along the route .
the council of five took its place behind a table fashioned from carved stone .
she strode past the man , all the way to the bar where there was a free place beside two vandals in black .
he sat upon his chair , crooked smile to go with his crooked spine , boney hands extended towards the prince who had taken a place at the table .
mike gave the orders to move , tom , i need for you to climb up the shaft , so that rob can take your place on the elevator .
as soon as the doors opened , dozens of clan members entered the hall , some soldiers and some dressed in more normal garb , taking places at tables that seemed to be pre - defined .
then all three walked over and took their places at either side of krynos at the main table , with max alone on one side and jennie seated with draagh on the other .
all of the lycans , krynos , jennie and max looked at their place settings .
your efforts and successes have more than earned you the privilege , '' to which max and jennie looked at other with grins , and then bounded up the stairs to take their places with the lycan king and their teacher .
resigning himself to take a place among the quickly disappearing seating on the main floor , he suddenly heard krynos call out to him .
she would n't even claim a place at the dining room table .
do n't leak on my place mat .
owens reluctantly moved to the table and took his place opposite duval .
after a massive struggle , the management had got everyone in , a feat accomplished by the expedient of ejecting all the robots and giving places to the overflow crowd .
kresh , fredda , and donald walked into room 103 at the terraforming center and took their accustomed places at the console nearest to dee .
he seated himself in the place indicated .
but now , first - i must find you a room , arrange to have you assigned a lavatory , a place in the dining room , and clothes , too .
she ignored a cafeteria line where a place was being made for her .
the second supplicant had taken his place below the twin thrones , his advocate at his side .
when he arrived at the last car he found that fay and elsie had already found places .
the coachman closed the door and climbed into his place .
` ` it has come to my attention that we 're two places short at the table tonight .
the moment the servant returned with two others to start moving seats and adding place settings , nylan 's wife came running out to challenge them .
` ` emperor , we need you to leave now , and i 'll have the ladies and gentlemen resume their places . ''
miss much resumed playing , and the children , at the sound of the rhythms coming from the piano , straggled back to their places .
each doctor - thomas assumed they were doctors , like rat man had said - took a place next to one of the beds .
' did he , ' eric said , setting a place for himself at the table .
i drop down in one of the empty places and fold my ankle up on my knee .
if they got an influx from a failing colony somewhere , they 'd soon start filling up all the empty places on station .
regardless , as a good proxy , i take my place in the pilot 's chair , even though i ' ve got no clue what i ' m supposed to do .
i went to hidden rue , expecting to take my place on the stage .
with a little shiver of pleasure , i settle into the nav chair and invite him with a gesture to take his place beside me .
i gesture at the place across from me .
once they 'd taken their places , kaladin commanded the men to lift .
he rose from his place , bidding farewell to the king , then began mingling .
shallan was surprised to see them set a place for her .
roshone waved to a serving man , and within a short time , new places had been set .
they ' ii already be putting down the tablecloths and setting the places .
it had become an occasion for somber celebration over the years , with a place left empty at table .
her companions took up their places at the closed door and along both flanking walls .
to accent that , the blue metal box from the running phylum occupied the honor place on the bench in front of the judicial panel .
what they did was invite someone up from the audience to make sure that the place from which the rabbit or dove or bare - breasted cutie or the whatever was to appear was perfectly empty .
igan took his place beside boumour , said .
his hand rested on the arm of a couch , inviting her to the place beside him .
moz and minerva came out of the shadows to take their places , trembling in the cold .
my place was with two other guys , and there were three girls in with pris .
they saw a polished wood dining table , with a place set for one , silver and cut glass .
he went back to passing out books , and the girl scanned the classroom for a place to sit .
father mattingly got a cold bottle of jax from the bar and took his place on the bench at the end .
four more priests , i know not from where , also filled the topmost places in the stand , and a small band of armed men stood at the very foot of it , these constituting the local authorities , or so i presumed .
charlotte had now taken her place not at the end of the table , but at her husband 's right , just opposite my place , so that she might feed and assist her husband .
charlotte had now taken her place not at the end of the table , but at her husband 's right , just opposite my place , so that she might feed and assist her husband .
immediately , i found myself led out onto the darkened gallery by the fair charlotte , so as to look out over the front garden with its melancholy lanterns , the two of us quite alone as we took our places on a wooden bench .
rowan and michael slipped into the long backseat , while aaron took his favorite place , with his back to the driver .
he had hoped at least some of the department 's regular officers - ' eat up , ' thibodeau called from his place on the steps .
jewels , parlin , and the lifeless took up places outside , as usual , and vivenna and the two male mercenaries walked in .
jewels and clod took their places outside the building , guarding vivenna 's escape route .
however , her accent had earned her a place .
then he thought of the way her legs had flashed as she slid from rusher 's back ( also the glimmer of the undergarments beneath her briefly raised dress ) , and his hot half and cold half changed places .
what he could not forgive , in spite of his attraction to susan , was that awful smile on olive thorin 's face as she watched the girl sitting in what should have been her place .
ahead and to the left was a table with places set for two and a cold supper in place , but no one in either chair .
but he is the biggest , and so there should n't be fighting , the general rule is that caves go by who is strongest , if there is any quarrel ; and no - one is allowed to take a place out of his class , or others will get jealous and squabble . ''
he knew some of the faces : men from his own crew , some of his former officers ; he was glad they had found places here .
he put his head up over the squirming of dragons : middle - weights trying to fit themselves between and around him and requiescat and ballista , and armatius , who smugly had claimed a place , with the other heavy - weights , thanks to gentius drowsing yet upon his back .
the light - weights and couriers were perched up on the walls and battlements , waiting for the outmatched middle - weights to give up before they began their own squabble over who would have a place .
returning to the courtyard , laurence found temeraire in glad convocation with maximus and lily , also freshly returned from the coast : the two had unceremoniously displaced several disgruntled yellow reapers and a much - offended ballista to claim places on the warm stones beside him .
the french embassy was leaving : a small sheltering tent in domed shape was put up on the papillon noir 's back , and talleyrand was handed into it , clambering cautiously and slowly into his place ; but murat went up like an aviator to the life born , and latched himself on at the neck .
at the black table , among the tuscan potted flowers , a man had taken his place and appeared to be staring at us .
jerome told everyone sternly to make way for isaac , son of solomon , and the old man rather fearlessly took his place near to lady margaret and across from the door .
he had his students laughing riotously at some witticism when i found a place beneath the arches of the cloister , and against a stone pillar , and then he demanded of them that they remember some very crucial quotation from st . augustine , which any number called out eagerly , and after that , it seemed he was going to launch on a new subject , but our eyes connected , and he stopped in mid - sentence .
i was led to the far right where several men were already seated , and we quickly took our places .
` ` hullo , mister s , i was just thinking , after all we ' ve been through in the last two days , seems silly for me to leave a plate out for you , so i ' ve set a place for you .
gary went off to the men 's room , and the girl from computer services came and sat next to richard , taking his place .
the ne'er - do - wells took their places and lifted their instruments .
when the men had left , david 's soldiers took their places at the consoles .
maggie and sam took their places in line before the stove .
as nate turned to return to his place in line , he found kelly 's eyes on his , tears glistening .
kowalski , a former seaman , gladly took his place , rubbing his palms in anticipation .
when the meeting 's attendees had shuffled back into the room and taken their places around the table , bobbie raised her hand .
ashford sat in the place of honor , another beneficent christ painted on the wall behind him .
there was even a place for it in front of the congregation .
painter waved schmitt to take his place .
the booths and tables were filled , and a crowd loitered in the doorway , scowling at the waitresses , the diners who had gotten tables before them , and the empty place reserved for burton and whoever he chose to have near him .
the breakfast rush was in full swing , aliens of half a dozen different species pushing and jockeying for a place to stand .
a few people were starting to take places at the tables scattered around the room , and han suspected the speeches were soon going to begin .
his place was in the bowels of the falcon , or the pilot 's seat .
brad fisher was in the dining room , arranging the last of four place settings at an elaborately candled table .
he stepped down , and a woman in a strapless dress took his place in the firelight .
they had no idea we 'd switched places .
still , she felt good about the day as she entered the women 's sitting room , her guards taking their places in the appropriate waiting room .
i took my place beside him as four black harc shuttles dotted the clear blue sky and soared straight for us .
he nodded as he took his place next to me .
that place was taken up with callum , and my chest kept tightening as i wished i 'd given him a better good - bye .
she cooked the usual meals , and she always set a place for darral at her table .
daran took his place in the seat of judgment , and an anticipatory silence fell over the crowd .
he pulled his chair up into the place the other fishermen made for him , and then he spoke , politely , of course .
then she took her place beside the ageless woman , and the two of them stood for some time retching over the side .
polgara more than a little ungainly , was setting places for garion and her mother at the table .
thus , when they took their places at the table , he rather deliberately sat at the opposite end from the mallorean .
' do n't bother to set a place at the table for the bastard lycheas , ' ulath said bleakly , testing the edge of his axe with his thumb .
' all right , gentlemen , ' sephrenia said then to the surviving knights , ' take your places . '
' of course , makova , ' dolmant replied , stepping to the vacated place .
there was a stir at the door , and two frightened - looking patriarchs crept into the hall and then scurried to places on the red - cushioned benches .
as chance had it - or perhaps not entirely chance - the circle of prismed light from the large round window behind the thrones fell full upon the throne of elenia , and ehlana took her place surrounded by a blazing halo of golden sunshine .
after the monarchs had seated themselves , the others in the chamber resumed their places .
we all want to be in our places before the archprelate is escorted to his throne . '
the maag town of weros stood at the head of a narrow inlet , and the seagull 's oarsmen took their places without the usual grumbling , despite the weather .
the royal wedding , of course , took place in the hall of the rivan king , and everyone was there .
the best stories , of course , were saved for the dining hall when , after the evening meal was over and the plates had been pushed back , the old man would rise from his place and carry his listeners off into a world of magical enchantment .
king fulrach greeted each of the other kings in the formal language that seemed to be customary , and then he took his place beneath the green banner with its golden sheaf of wheat that was the emblem of sendaria .
the delivery carriage pulled out from behind my vehicle , and middy waved as he took his place back in the driver 's seat .
their place was unoccupied and long since emptied .
a few nights later , at jon 's urging , he joined them for the evening meal , taking a place on the bench beside halder .
ser rodrik found them an empty place on the bench near the kitchen .
sansa and septa mordane were given places of high honor , to the left of the raised dais where the king himself sat beside his queen .
as he saw robert to his place , he noted that cersei lannister had chosen not to appear ; the place beside the king was empty .
as he saw robert to his place , he noted that cersei lannister had chosen not to appear ; the place beside the king was empty .
khal drogo had offered him a place in a cart the next day , and viserys had accepted .
it was left to bran to fill his place at the head of the table , and act the host to lord karstark 's sons and honored friends .
harrion karstark , the oldest of lord rickard 's sons , bowed , and his brothers after him , yet as they settled back in their places he heard the younger two talking in low voices , over the clatter of wine cups . ` `
ser mandon moore went to take his place under the throne beside two of his fellows of the kingsguard .
` ` my pardons , '' he began , taking his place on the bench beside his uncle .
bran hated that ; it made him feel as if the freys were trying to steal jon 's place .
yoren had them fix the woman a place in the back of a wagon .
catelyn was assigned a place on the dais between red - faced lord mathis rowan and genial ser jon fossoway of the green - apple fossoways .
sansa visited each of the seven in turn , lighting a candle at each altar , and then found herself a place on the benches between a wizened old washer woman and a boy no older than rickon , dressed in the fine linen tunic of a knight 's son .
harridan and seahorse had slipped into their places now , and lord celtigar 's red claw beyond them .
when the song was over , jaime rose from his place , commanded tyrion to kneel , and touched him first on one shoulder and then on the other with his golden sword , and he rose up a knight .
he greeted each in turn , spoke a quiet word to varys , kissed the high septon 's ring and cersei 's cheek , clasped the hand of grand maester pycelle , and seated himself in the king 's place at the head of the long table , between his daughter and his brother .
tyrion had claimed pycelle 's old place at the foot , propped up by cushions so he could gaze down the length of the table .
lord commander mormont took the place at the top of the bench to his right , while the brothers crowded in knee to knee ; a dozen remained outside to guard the gate and tend the fires .
sam found a place between grenn and orphan oss , his stomach rumbling .
some guests had gone inside to find their places on the benches .
ellaria sand among the dornishmen ( cersei had placed them at their own table , just below the dais in a place of high honor but as far from the tyrells as the width of the hall would allow ) , laughing at something the red viper had told her .
no sooner had tyrion taken his place before the judges than another group of gold cloaks led in shae .
cersei waited until the rest were in their places to make her entrance , with tommen at her side .
brienne took her place behind some turnips .
margaery was on the other side of tommen , in the place of honor .
at table men fought for the place beside her , offering to fill her wine cup or fetch her sweetbreads .
he buckled on his swordbelt as the rowers took their places ; his longsword rested on one hip , a dirk upon the other .
instead , he chose a place by ralf the limper , the captain of the lord quellon .
the crow 's eye had claimed the place of honor at his lordship 's right hand .
as they set the fish before him , she leaned across her husband 's place to touch his golden hand .
jaime glanced at his cousin 's empty place .
my cousins would find a place for me at harvest hall , i knew , but i had no wish to bring joffrey 's displeasure down upon them .
the best places , up near the dais , were occupied by ramsay 's favorites , the bastard 's boys .
ser marlon claimed the place of honor at his lordship 's right hand .
` ` move along , woman , '' shouted a man three places back .
qarl the maid , no horse rider , took his place between grimtongue and lorren longaxe .
she slipped back into her place without a word , and sat there sullen and scowling , neither smiling nor speaking .
the human prune in the place of honor was evidently the yunkish supreme commander , who looked about as formidable as a loose stool .
` ` then there is an empty place amongst the kingsguard .
ser justin found them places on the bench and fetched supper for the both of them - ale and chunks of horsemeat , charred black outside and red within .
i sigh , then turn back to where anden has already taken his place on the front stage , flanked on both sides by soldiers holding up republic flags .
he 's eyeing the lines of forks , spoons , and knives at his place setting with an uncomfortable frown , trying to figure them out without asking for help .
wealthy families like ours always have elaborate funerals - metias 's takes place inside a building with soaring baroque archways and stained - glass windows .
` ` take your place , please , mlle de la croix , '' he said .
the musicians took their places .
the violinist found his place .
marie - josephe took her place in the pew behind madame 's .
monsieur and lorraine took over the place next to yves , on the left of his majesty 's caleche .
cardinal ottoboni and the rest of his holiness ' delegation conducted pope innocent to his place of honor in the royal box .
` ` take your place in the royal box , father de la croix , '' his majesty said .
marie - josephe took her isolated place at the farthest end of the banquet table , grateful to be out of the gaze of so many people .
one after another they entered the hall of mirrors and took their places at the high table .
yves seated pope innocent in his own place and took the new chair in the no - man's - land at innocent 's right hand .
while the guests marveled in horror at the pope 's breach of etiquette , servants rearranged the high table , whisking away innocent 's place and leaving the king 's gold setting in the center .
glass returned to his place across from fitzgerald as the major continued .
` ` thanks , '' said jack , taking venkat 's place next to tim .
as venkat took his place in line , teddy filed in behind him and scanned the terminal for a convenience store .
captain smek stepped down from his stool and left the podium , and a little man took his place .
redhead left the podium and stepped down , and my mom took his place .
` ` chief 's gone , '' i said as i reentered our place .
i did nt find a place there while devils attention was diverted , the fire touched devils finger .
they descended the stairway into the plaza to take their place in line among the other couples who were waiting to check in at the head table .
then they took their place in the grand march line .
they arrived at the prom , not surprisingly , before darius and libby and quietly took their place in the grand march line , which was alphabetical by the females last name .
the kids on the previous ride have disembarked and new riders are taking their places , laughing and shouting and trying to claim the best cars .
after fighting with the boys to get them to clear their things from the table , i finally managed to get place mats , napkins , and silverware in everyone 's spot .
everyone remarked on how wonderful everything look as we took our places .
keira and josh arrived , and we took our places in the living room .
palva did nt look at the alpha as she slipped into the den and found a place beside mluma .
the famous speech is spoken by daddy who amuses us each night at suppertime around the dining room table then i nosily scoot my chair into my place , chatting about the pretty white clouds and yellow big sun .
a beautifully trimmed blue and yellow table decorates in first place , holding nine platters , consisting of white and dark meats , assorted grain breads , and steaming colored vegetables .
the biggest , bestest , mostest , and grandest event takes place , tomorrow , the conqueror tournament .
tall male hovers over her table as his eyeballs scan her from hair roots to table surface then smiles as priscella smiles and finger points her manicured coral index finger at the empty place across the table , offering friendly .
she saw tristan and simon take their seats , and she willed herself to her place and sat down , doing her best not to look at the viking .
angelica stayed by my side until i found my usual place .
i turn and fire again at the nearing walkers , two go down but immediately five take their places , eager to tear us apart .
i moved back as they came up along side me and then i took my place in the rear with zack .
the committee members shuffled back into the meeting room and found their places , the senators on one side , the soldiers on the other .
more guests were filling the place ; more dancers were appearing at the center of the room , spinning in waltz , polonaise , or quadrille .
after several leaps through hoops and walking on large balls i heard him bark commands to the lions to take their places as he turned to address the audience .
i knew he moved back to the place at the table by the sound direction his voice came from .
and the pigeons , too , and all the cats and dogs and the humans and their childrens children as well , with more and more behind to take their places .
there was half - hearted applause from the audience as finnick returned happily to his place .
just as chelsea resumed her place beside danni , justin appeared at the edge of the aisle .
tyler and i dispatch these with relative ease , but have to fall back as more pour in to fill their places .
solstice took his place behind her , drawing a few crumpled notes from his pocket to pay for the petrol and beth sighed with relief .
we held our places in the quiet as the elevator shot upward , opening to a level that looked not unlike my own .
sylvester and arnold took their places , and the rest of her guests settled in for the evening .
evver walked me toward the end of the table then stepped aside , so i could take my place in front of the vile king .
she gathered the folds of her velvet dress and slipped into her place at the table .
we all take our places , and that s when we hear the whistle .
we take our places at the front of the class , my hands are sweating bullets , and joe looks my way and smiles .
the clerk in the second store recommended a place , and i was waiting outside the fitting room trying not to laugh .
tristan comes for emily , and the two , with selected guests , leave for the beach house , where the after - party is taking place .
he stutters and his face reddens as he 's put in his place for the second time in less than five minutes .
we go together to pick up connor 's little sister lillie from class , then head over to the cafeteria to secure our places in line .
as hal looked for a place for himself and renora at the head table he learned that one had n't yet been set out for them .
` ` if you all would be so good as to take your places at the table ?
people scrambled onto the back seat , only to be instantly pulled out by someone who briefly took their place .
jake had offered his place on the train to the waiter , who had accepted it gratefully .
as they approached the candlelit table , she saw pewter place settings laid out in pristine fashion on top of a beautiful scarlet table cloth .
navarre led lady allestaine to the chair placed to the right of the head of the table , and levi showed reece to her place , which was situated to the right of his mother .
fighters , take your places !
switch me places .
he emphasized the equality of the groups being crucial , and watched as a frenzy of men scurried for their places among groups .
the guard led rema to her place .
the table consisted of four place settings , the king in the middle , lennek and darmik on either side of the king , and rema at the end next to lennek .
one place setting remained empty .
he solemnly nodded to each one , asked how their families were doing , and kept his eyes on them as they found places to sit .
every eye in the place was turned to me , i could feel them burning into my back .
as i took my place , my father fell in a bit behind me and to my right , taking the place of the adjutant ( what we consider second in command ) .
here , here , jack said enthusiastically from his place beside guinevere .
at dinner , they were seated beside each other , much to richards chagrin , but from my place across the table between dudley and thomas , i noted that they did not exchange above twenty words throughout the meal .
we gather in the sunroom , taking our respective assigned places .
the buxom blonde stripped off her bulky red coat and took up her usual place on their end of the table .
noah took his place in line behind another young family .
the tardy bell rang throughout the halls of liberty high drawing its students and faculty to their places .
albert found a place at the head of the table , and marie dished chicken with veggies onto his plate first .
marie cast me a troubled glance when i stormed past her and valentine to find a place some fifty feet away .
i clicked on the cover image , found my place , and started to read .
ben joined us at the table , setting his glass of iced tea down while he put together a place setting for himself .
i flip my hair over my shoulder as my hands slide between the cushiona very disgusting and disturbing thing to do , i do nt know what s happened in these chairsand slide out the everett silvertips ticket i use to mark my place .
i see his logic so i take a seat on a fallen log ; flynn takes his place next to me .
i wondered why she gazed ; she could see no one because the whole place was dark except for the spotlight she was beneath .
roland grinned as he nudged his jet ski alongside the dock and climbed off , but his face grew serious as i switched places with him .
arianna found her place with fern , and emmett found his with oceana .
i went back and took my place between john and antony .
his funeral will take place , this friday at 11 am , at st nicholas church , south road , salford .
a big smile covered his face as tony left the field to take his place back on the bench .
when he wheeled me briskly to his room i cared nothing for his smug , sharp - suited faade ; i rather thought he must have noticed because he even gave me a curious smile when he took his place opposite me next to the desk .
when i found my place at the overcrowded table leighton had a mouthful of cream and jam .
something unexpected was taking place ~*~ i was a busy kid .
jim continued to stare at him for a few moments before glancing at a red - headed man sitting two places behind arthur .
the instructor beckoned one of the older students in the front row to take his place .
it wo n't matter , they 're pretty much guaranteed a place anyway , i said .
they 're place was already lined up for them : irons in the fire and all that , i winked .
i wondered for a second if the whole place was going to descend into gales of laughter with belly laughs and guffaughs and everyone pointing at us like we were a troop of passing jesters .
no easy feat in a place where everyones attention was on the very place we were standing .
silence covered the entire place when they walked in .
i sit down in my place and we dine .
when we get to the door i take my place to the side of the entrance with mama and marisol , just in case the cockroaches start to crawl out .
i found a place in line , throwing her an apologetic smile .
occupying almost the whole of the centre of the room , and running a considerable part of the length of it , was a mahogany table , where council members had already started to take their places with a scraping of plush , ornate chairs on the polished parquet floor .
beside each place setting there was a round slate , and a guest would write on the slate what they wanted to eat , anything that came to mind , then ring a bell beside it .
the queen took the middle chair , and for a brief moment , the place remained quiet .
sami quickly saw that the only open place was next to her .
neatly arranged on the table were four place settings , each with its own plate , knife , fork and spoon , a napkin , and a glass of orange juice .
everyone had automatically taken their places around eric and the adjacent bed , transferring him over from one to the other on three .
as son of emerson aldridge , head warlock of the emerald circle , i offer to take her place in the arena , declan said loudly and grabbed willows hand .
we take our places in the line .
we are greeted to be seated fairly quickly , even though to my surprise the place is packed almost to the brim and there is a line that is almost at the door .
alonso , fergus , lea , and her friends went to the venue , where the match would take place .
that night , lea , her friends , and her seconds headed to the venue where lea 's match would take place .
cappi took his twin 's place , not looking good .
corey , bradley , and amber took their places in one of the departments black skycars .
the students who had been turned around to listen in turned back to the front as mrs . phillips returned to her place to continue the class .
brad sherman had taken her place in front of the class and was clearly enjoying his time there .
its just understood ) , but instead daniel let the younger boy have it and found a seat at the end of the table ( though if he tried it again , daniel would put him in his place ) .
percival stood watching as the remaining place settings came together on the large table dominating the entire room .
no one seemed particularly anxious to see marlon , except for mr . lonely , who appeared almost at once , showing marlon to his place at the vast table , acting as though he had nt seen the wizard in ages .
they all took their places , in various seats positioned around the room , leanne furthest away from mike , simon to her left and then laura slipped in between .
the queen commanded her guards and they dragged her after the queen as she took up a place at the head of the central table and clapped five times in rapid succession , eager to get the festivities started once more .
astrid stopped to see who was being called to the place of honor .
she led the volva to a place next to the high seat , cushioned with the freshly made pillows and astrids own white bear pelt over all .
father thomas and sister catherine had already taken their places , and now stood behind the table .
everyone stood at their places and watched as the king , queen , oslan and his three sisters , talithan , tanyan and trindalynn entered the hall .
they all walked to their places at the head table .
people started to shift in their places uneasily as flaming sacks letting off acrid fumes were hurled toward their upturned faces .
in front of them the immensely large and impeccably dull stainless steel table provided a place for the endless amount of papers and documents which rudely crowded space taken by bottles of water mixed with an array of dishes holding candy and nuts .
jules ' eyes flick to the small television across the room as she takes her place in the faded velvet wingback chair .
but she never got very far , since another set of penumbra always filled their places .
they had to go very early to get a good place in line because the band members only signed autographs for an hour before the concert .
she pats the still - empty place beside and i reluctantly sit down .
they filed outside and the women and older girls put a place setting out for each person , and set the food out on the tables .
i had noticed that although the room would suggest chaos and confusion , all of the students entered the room silently and took their respective places on the floor .
lilly and i hung back slightly , so we could take our places in the far back .
on each table were eight place settings and in the middle were replica center pieces of the chandeliers hanging from the ceilings .
well , eden , welcome to the resistance , avalon gave me a roguish smile and gestured widely with his arms as i took my place at his side .
instead of sitting down in my previous place i chose to stand in the back , hoping to remain anonymous .
seven screamed from her place next to aliah .
minutes later everyone was in their rightful place and mr . pena began to speak .
the children placed a small bowl of red liquid in front of each place setting and laid out cutlery in the correct manner .
we rolled the dining tables into their usual square shape and placed glasses at each place setting .
there were two places set : the head of the table , and to the right .
while he went to arrange our breakfast on a tray , i took the place in .
she gave her mother a hug and kiss on the cheek and waved at her father , who had taken his place in the kitchen .
erris saw to her dismay that a place had been left for her at the table , with a plate piled high with eggs , bacon and bread .
looking through one set of large , glazed windows , he saw a dinner table , its places all set , as if waiting .
we got on the empty bus and took our places across from janae and isa .
he nodded , brushed himself off , and took his place in line .
i slid into the last place on the line , next to pinur fe whose bulk blocked me from the others .
klaus muttered as ben took his place beside the main console .
she turns and glances up at him and an entire conversation takes place between them , a lifetime of exchanges that lead to the same conclusion ; they will do whatever makes the other happy .
isis gave me a squeeze as she signaled for avati and me to take our places .
anchille took his place next to me and i thought , here we go .
reese took a few more steps , boarded , and found a place at the aft end .
he reached his hand out to her , and kays father gently placed her hand in reeses , giving her a soft kiss on the cheek before stepping back to take his place in the front of the gathered crowd .
if at all possible , alisons glare turned even deadlier as she went to take her place on the blocks .
selena ignored the stares and glares of the other girls as she took her place to await the baton .
in an instant , all three men had shifted back to wolf form , taking their places on their chosen sides .
the princes birthday celebration is sure to be filled with eligible ladies from every corner of the kingdom , each vying for a place beside him .
everyone else had taken his or her place near the helicopters .
take your place at a table and be silent .
upon entering i could see my place , with the five pens on the table that mother had found and our family letterhead stamped on the top of the paper .
everyone took their places and started opening their envelopes hungrily .
i take my place next to laney when they reach me .
i can see everyone behind me take their places as well .
noah takes his place to the side of us , looking equally unnerved about van facing me .
within two or three minutes , she was sweating as they exchanged places .
she was watching as men and women filed in from side streets to take their place behind their leader .
jen took her place across from her .
gilla stepped up to take hasins place next to joyah .
the rest of the officers took their places around the table .
karis took his place at the table , and his sudden smile flashed out , lighting his face , his almost black eyes .
i moved to my right , to the place where the book keeper is seated .
in front of the chairs was a long block with seven places , each one with a flower wreath draped over it .
the five clear winners took their places on the block , and everybody clapped for them .
mina applauded with the others and tried to smile as ana took her place on the stand to receive her flower wreath for her second first - place finish .
lizzie nodded , and lucas took her place beside maraleena .
but ashley is already shoving her to the side again and takes her place next to me .
we scurried after her , taking our places among the rest of our classmates .
everyone took their places .
after a few final words , she took her place in the audience and the curtain opened .
it 's alright alice , i understand , i will take my place beside jez as agreed .
from the front of the cottage gregorn and three others emerged carrying aloft eldeens body , as they passed alice took his place beside cooper who pecked him on the cheek and whispered i forgive you cousin .
i did n't even mean to , but i found my eyes looking at ayden , sat in the same place as yesterday .
i am feeling very nervous as me and chase take our places on the sofa .
i take my place next to jen , but never take my eyes of melanie .
both women walked back over to lynette and took their places beside her .
i followed him and his two colleagues along to the bus stop , noting the neat haircuts and the smart suits , joined the queue for the bus some three or four places behind them .
then she took her place behind the regular punters .
worried by the looks which she suspected were directed at her , she joined the flow of the latter , went with them into the walled courtyard of the arts centre and found a place on a bench which faced the sun .
the room grew silent as washington took his place in the witness stand .
her sister 's wedding had taken place that afternoon in the garden terrace with the sun god playing witness as well as most of the city .
the music fades and a representative with silver hair and an athletic build walks onto the stage , taking his place behind the stand .
there was a large thick wooden table with a single place setting , and the whole room was lit by candle light .
they clap me on the back and sing words of praise as i take my place at the back of the line by aden , who s looking at me as though he s only just seeing me for the first time .
when i turned back to my seat , instead of an empty place setting i found my plate stacked with everything carley had been making .
you should calm down , i said , sitting at the place she had set for me .
she busied herself behind the counter as i took my place at the register and carley started to make drinks .
i was about to shout back but i just heard the place clapped .
the place mats were a deep burnt red and had matching napkins .
before jake could dig in , the bench shook slightly as someone dropped heavily into the place on the other side of him .
it was nt hard to find him ; he was sitting in his usual place with nate and marcus , stony - faced .
i quickly took my place .
the crowd of jaw twitching men parted and sporting a real madrid soccer shirt , the captain of the royal heights high soccer team took his place up front , glaring daggers our way .
` ` i found a place for everyone .
stewie had taken his place at the table with sukhi on his right , wading into a gigantic lemon meringue pie , and another boy on his left who was cutting out and eating only the yolks from a plate of fried eggs .
the waiters set about putting another place at the table .
hey , dad , derek greeted his dad as he took his place at the table .
we added a place for you .
i switched places with danny and welcomed the cold snowflakes that landed on my face .
a few days later my mother 's funeral took place .
i stole a whole place setting so it would n't look so suspicious .
i had had to steal two more place settings to fashion a new catalyst for sophie 's engine , our last having been blown to bits along with our first engine and the statue of mr . potter .
his men quickly and noisily took our places in the jeep , complaining about the cold .
everyone took their place at the table while tea and coffee were served .
she pulled over in front of the dairy dee and they switched places .
jack took his place next to pierre again and pulled out a pair of binoculars .
charley took his place in the seat right ahead of them and leaned over the back of it so he could talk to patrick .
the funeral of smenkhkares mother , the beautiful princess sitamen , took place with all the lavish finery expected of her status .
bob and jason were just settling into their places as kevin entered the room .
as i came out , she waved the three of them away toward the room and called me to take their place in front of her .
they took their place in a row near the back of the auditorium , having been one of the last groups to assemble and meet their escort .
the celebration was to take place in a restaurant built in the shape of a ship , its upper deck with huge bay windows , facing the sea .
another nod from my master and then he instructed the guards to make a place for the guest in their tents .
my natural instinct would have been to give her space and sit three or four stools apart , but something drew me closer so i sat one place away .
she handed it to him and opened up her place .
they had to scramble for their place in front of the podium ; but also , and more importantly , they had to locate their note pads .
i declined and took my place in the line .
i already knew that ted was coming and a place had already been set for him so who was the third one .
wil seemed to fit in with them all , and then left the temple to wind his way along gentle and busy streets to other temples including the kodai - ji temple and within , a wedding ceremony taking place .
staff will continue to set a place for you at the dinner tableas usual .
william sat down at the place the housekeeper had just set for him .
mary ellen asked when she walked into the dining room that evening and noticed only two place settings .
we sat down in a hushed silence as four elderly men with their instruments walked towards their places in the front .
she gave xuha a wave when he marched in , while the school band played that song they always play when people graduate , and she made a thumbs up when he took his place up on the stage .
a twinkling creature that resembled a white dragon took its place in the front , and teddie stared at the shimmering beast , thinking there was something vaguely familiar about it .
as one of the principal authors of what was being called the final accounting of the former united states , john would have a place next to the president .
with no other additional fanfare , the president walked in from a side room and took his place at the lectern on the raised dais .
it was nt your mistake , eddie , andrew said , as he filled the place in the room that ken had vacated , to go and make his calls .
andrew handed out fish and chips to each place setting .
shed arranged her book shelves upstairs so the books were all neatly lined up , creating places for paper , office supplies , all in their own trays , saying that her own work was not good enough , and then cleared the glass table of everything but her computer , a phone , a pencil holder , a lined pad of paper , and a tray for holding her chequebook , envelopes , address labels , and stamps .
a silver bentley turbo and a forty - eight - foot sailboat took pride of place .
i sat down in a modern chrome and leather swivel chair , and he took his place in a matching chair on the opposite side of the modern beech desk .
a few minutes later he was back in his seat , just two places away from max .
a car pulled up and the young bolton fan took his place in the passenger seat .
michael lambaurgh , medical representative and sometime soccer vandal , took his place in front of the one way glass .
doc parked and they went inside and found a place in a pew where they could sit together .
doris took her by the arm to the buffet table and the two of them loaded their paper plates with salad , bbq beans and bbq pork on a bun and went to find a place to sit which was nt all that easy though possible because people were constantly coming and going .
it was a pleasant , meaningful and short service and when doc kissed the bride the place went wild .
her place was on the seventh floor , last before the roof .
the man fell into line a few places behind gil , whilst his wife kissed him modestly on the lips and proclaimed loudly that she was going to ollivanders to buy a wand .
stared at him , ` ` went to see avatar 2 opening night , so many people all over the place . ''
` ` the place was packed , feature presentations were rolling . ''
the time it took to agree the seating plan for that beggars belief , but eventually all sides agreed that they had taken their proper place .
the directors look amongst themselves before an older man with white hair and days - old stubble emerges from the crowd and slowly , with the assistance of a cane , takes his place onstage to ganterts left .
landry looked thoughtfully beyond his desk : sixteen place mahogany conference table , portraits of past vice presidents and civil war heroes lining the wall , blood red carpet .
landry sat two places from tindall with jennifer and koupman each side .
as we took our place in line the bands began playing and the crowd roared with delight over the magnificent floats on display .
this event will take place at the dyebuko manor a.k.a the old lovehart mansion.this is a formal event so please dress accordingly .
should your transformation be complete by then , you will of course be able decide where and when you wish the funeral to take place , and to attend .
oh never mind that , she sighed , taking her place alongside him , at his right .
he had been invited by one of the eaa board members who had heard of his huey in still perfect condition and offered him a prime place in the viewing area .
carlos noticed that there were places for eight as he pulled out sissies chair to seat her before he sat down .
it was the queue for people to take their places for dinner , which they did .
after dressing they walked to the dining area and found two places set .
as we took our places at the table i had an opportunity to study his appearance more closely .
hiram took a place at the centre , commanding herbert to sit at his left , me at his right .
mike climbed into the drivers seat , jerry beside him , and i resumed my place in the back .
the university marching band struck up one of elgars pomp and circumstance marches , and the graduates filed in to take their places in the front rows .
we went into my sitting room , where west took his usual place in the armchair and leaned back with a sigh .
i was shown to a place immediately behind the seats occupied by hiram and jeremy .
he took his place , well below the raised throne , looking up at his stern - faced king , with what he hoped was an innocent face .
father plantagenet took his place next to us , continuing his role as observer .
nikki took her place beside mac , dark - haired , delicate and petite beside his stolid frame .
its just the luck of the draw that he broke into our place .
remember , i needed to scramble last minute to find a place and this is what was available .
however , after many years of shuffling and sorting , i eventually found my place , among the elite few .
although it was still early , some families with small children had already taken place in the restaurant .
soro had heaped his plate with delicious , aromatic food , but when he took his place at the sweeping oval table , the gleaming steel fork felt cold in his hand .
it was as if some other woman was sitting in her place , and she was merely observing her in the act of opening the file documenting the truth about her parents ' assassinations .
after that , his majesty took the place of highest status , his back to the tokonoma alcove ( traditionally the safest spot to be , since it was the one location in a room sure to be backed by a solid wall ) , and motioned for noda to sit next to him on the left , the second - highest place of honor .
he had taken his place at the console and started programming a new set of instructions into big benny , the fujitsu supercomputer .
the teaching staff had found a place on the opposite side of the church .
on a normal day , at that time , the boys would be on break , out in the square smoking a cigarette , and she would have found a place right there , looking at marco with her eyes and her heart in the hope of being reciprocated in the game of looks preceding love .
what really annoyed him more than anything was the fact that his place was guaranteed in one of the chairs , but despite that , he did n't know how to interpret big ben .
i sat at my designated place at the end of the dinner table unable to look my father in the eye .
and that s what we did : first we greeted the others ( which means i did , while my antisocial friends just went to their places ) and then after calm and affably boring lessons , we left our papers on reikoku - senseis desk right before going for another lunch on the rooftop .
while her face was clearly a painting of annoyance , the fact she sit down by my side when there were other free places in the bus finished the job of reassuring the passengers that we were the right sort of acquaintances .
do you have a place at the ronald mcdonald house ?
jones sat at a table , sprawled across a neatly arranged place setting .
every so often the door would open up and we would stop talking and look at the door only to see different police officers , attorneys , and clerks looking for a place they could sit for awhile .
you two can take your places on the terrace .
a place was already set for him .
eventually she found a place in a middling set of chambers that had one or two well thought of names .
we have a place in surrey .
i notice marks set expression as i take my place beside him and know that nothing will deter him now ; he is prepared to change our family forever .
and francine , too , had sat in a similar place but they d hardly ever been together at the same time because of them alternating on taking care of joshua , except for the few times frannys mother had helped out .
only the firms senior partners had reserved places in the back parking lot .
rodriguez headed towards the end of the table , theo mellor sitting next to the new inmate promptly getting up and swapping places with him .
the stairs were already down on the twin - engine turboprop and the people took their places quietly .
i quickly found our place and carried on , placing my trust in dr . brier 's hands .
after the lunch everyone took their appointed places with some reluctance and stretching of stiff joints .
they waited for an hour , and then spotted the pick - up with its load of scrap furniture take its place in line .
he had placed a carrier bag on the seat next to him , so that the place would not be taken .
as treasurer and one of five main board members of the spheros institute in philadelphia , a trailblazer in cancer research for the past decade , dr julius chisholm had earned his place among the front rows .
she had the attention of everybody in the place ; all eyes were on her and she knew it .
sometimes only one or two people come up ( never has nobody come up ) , but i had never been so blessed as i was today , to see better than ten wayward souls stand from their seats and places against the back wall to make their way to the front of the church .
jessica returned to the head of the class and took her place by al .
her blue scion was parked in the front row , and she knew she was in the right place .
she thanked him and put the rose into a small vase near her place setting .
the man grinned back and then took his place behind jack .
i looked at the three of them and decided to keep my news on leaving misty falls quiet until i was given a place .
and i waved a nonchalant hand over his place setting .
matt , run home and tell your nan to set another place at the table .
this country was conceived in the womb of discontent because mother england refused to give our people a place at the table .
at last the fussing vicar bustled into his place at the very front , billowing white vestments busy in the sharp breeze as he held aloft a gilded wooden cross adorned with a wreath of bright red poppies .
the lads in the back had climbed down onto a pebbled car park with stiff joints and back pains , grumbling and groaning theatrically until they secured a grudging agreement to swap places and ride in the cab for the remainder of the journey .
take your places , please .
eddie took a place among them and tried neither to let his excitement be apparent nor for anyone to look directly at his face .
the cats switched places , crossing my lap at the same time , and pavan let out a laugh like only a lifelong stoner can .
massive rallies and demonstrations against the government took place throughout the state , spearheaded by the catholic church , which gave a perfect opportunity for nehru to dismiss the government .
on the table , place cards identified six russians , one of whom was listed as the general , whose forty - something appearance and demeanor resembled that of vladimir lenin , the mastermind of the 1917 communist revolution in russia .
and although zachary felt partly responsible for the death of innocents and remained continually cognizant that he had accidently consumed human flesh , he thought it unlikely that he would trade places with any of those reporters if given the opportunity , because their chances at happiness , from what he could glean during their quick exchanges , seemed even slimmer than his own : each time i leave my home they shout questions .
after that , meetings had taken place in daet and mercedes in private houses and business premises .
the medic , a stocky , middle aged man with dull brown eyes and dark chestnut hair liberally shot through with silver , led her to the only place in the area outside the watchful stares of the gathered crowd .
the colonel resumed his place opposite him .
he appeared to lose his place and shuffled through his notes .
i immediately take tim 's place on top of charles .
derva took her place as the other slice of white bread to complete the mike sandwich .
finally , they got to the entrance , taking their places in a line that stretched out from the center to the outer doors of a nearby dorm .
` ` one day , you 'll take your place right beside me . ''
normally press conferences would nt have taken place for slain hookers , but i had had an idea .
colin walked back to me and took his place next to me again .
ben gratefully concentrated on taking the place allocated to him .
we were only allowed to return here for papas funeral and for the tradition of the betrothal , which should take place in the future brides home .
the church people i had invited arrived and took their places in the till pews .
a knotty - pine table with four red plaid place mats stood in the middle of a gray and red squared linoleum floor .
just then , corinna entered the room announcing that dinner was now being served in the main dining room and when she saw that veronica had guests , she quickly ordered the house staff to set additional place settings .
once all of the remons global assets have been transferred to world auto , i m sure there will be a place for you at our table .
while natalie sat with stallings on the couch , i cleared a place at the table and dumped out the contents of the envelope .
* * * more by this author : the hollywood alphabet thriller series , with detective kate sexton : hollywood blood hollywood crazy hollywood dreams [ coming soon ] hollywood enemy [ coming soon ] the cassidy and mccade mystery series crazy , sexy , dead [ coming soon ] now an excerpt from hollywood blood by m z kelly one i was late and dashed into the spirit room , taking my place across from a psychic , a celebrity , and a dog .
kim busied herself making a pot of coffee while cleora and i found place to sit at the table .
mr . and mrs . beverly hills took their places in the hall in front of him , barring his escape .
once i controlled my inflammatory desire to burn the entire library down , i went back inside and took my place behind the voluminous piles of history waiting to be unveiled .
once inside the room , the butler took his place next to his master and they exchanged a few words .
with macgregor by my side , i took my place behind the royal table , which had been placed on an elevated stage overlooking the ballroom .
i wanted to run to him with open arms and hug him in his return , but i knew i must stay in my place , waiting in the proper formation of other members of the royal court .
we entered the royal chamber , and my father took his place on his magnificently jeweled throne which stood against the rear wall .
* * * redding found a place to sit away from the reception desk and had only just opened his newspaper when lin ming arrived .
and forward they slowly but surely moved , one eager step after another as they got one place closer to the front of the queue and food .
they took their places .
we took our places at the end of the gym near the stage , and the crowd gave us room .
as he took his place , i squeezed his shoulder and grinned .
at the rear of the coach , she took her place next to miss moxie , in the midst of the shirley women .
i whisper to jason , but he s acting as if i was nt there , they all are , as they take their places back at the table , and all look at each other , like all have a secret that i do nt share .
there were pots and pans , but two of the place settings were from her mother 's fine china and crystal , not the everyday dishes they normally used .
his own place had been set at the opposite end of the table , placing him a dozen feet away from caulder .
they take their places at the table behind preset name cards and wait , nervously fidgeting .
he softly takes his place at the end of the table .
pilot surprised her by taking his place next to her , standing in front of the fire .
bright took his place next to xavier and rose dixon .
if jon could trade places with him , he would , but rank and job description prohibit such a thing .
the place shook with thunderous applause , whistles , hoots and hollers .
all around on the conference table every person had a screen embedded in the table where they sat like a place mat at a dinner table .
jabour dabbed the corners of his mouth with the cloth napkin from his place setting .
everyone else on the set was taking their collective places .
he noted that another mass of reporters were retaking their place again as they had done before he made his speech .
there had been twelve chairs at the long table , twelve place settings , each occupied .
marge farrell switched off the news and set place mats on the dark finished wood of the kitchen table , and sat out a pitcher of ice tea .
i found myself a place in the corner and sulked over a cup of coffee as the proprietors wife persuaded chen to try on a chapan that she had been embroidering and pose for photographs .
i finally found my phone and we all decamped to the kitchen , pulling out the rickety wooden chairs and taking up our places around the table .
misha gave the slightest nod to vasily , who left his place and extended his hand to me , helping me , almost pulling me out of that booth .
as i inspected the crystal place settings , i could hear doug and kevin back in the kitchen .
elegantly , china adorned each place setting .
the bailiff strolls back in and takes his place at the end of the jury box .
his usual place is occupied by a pretty couple in their early twenties .
we swapped places , with the car still moving , and then i hid on the floor , as ayshea drove past the row of police cars .
he relented and let us walk up to the railed - off portion of the choir , where the service was taking place .
the brethren took their places around the hall , in part to help the public and to maintain order , and in part to act as security around the stage .
he entered the grand hall and went to the place that was reserved for jeremiah .
myles took an extra place setting through to the dining room while faye delved down the freezer for an extra packet of vegetables , hoping nobody would notice as she popped them in the microwave .
stephan took his place in a seat not far from me and nodded for me to start .
these were old sailors who were turned down by other recruiting agents , but the 61st found a place for them with no questions asked .
bex and leona watch the place fill up .
as the judge called the case , deville and howard took their place at their respective tables .
he would nt think i was getting a drinki knew he would shoot me , here , in this booth , i almost felt the whole place would break into applause if he did it , too , he d just aw shucks , slink out , everyone thinking it was a big joke , forget all about my slumped over body , just assume i was waiting for him to come back .
i was allowing the customers who d been in front of me to take back their places , one of them insisting , for whatever reason , that i go ahead of them , making calm down motions with their hands , though i was nt the least bit agitated , argumentative , was flat , as nothing as i could be .
he found a place next to the fire , sandwiched between mickey , who just returned , and sayla .
such places encourage an eclectic mix of passing travellers : artists rub shoulders with farmers and fishermen ; tough mine workers mingle with statuesque herero women in their fine , wide dresses and colourful scarves ; blonde , blue - eyed and dunagareed descendants of original german settlers take their place alongside the new breed of wannabe yuppies from south africa and further afield , enjoying the cafe society and casinos of the damaraland riviera .
of course , he had not revealed himself so publicly to his disciples , that new years eve back in 2010 ; he had just been another one of the anonymous dignitaries to step from the sleek sikorsky and take his place in the grandstand , but that was the way he liked to keep it .
he found a booth and took a seat ; the seat was thin and uncomfortable ; there was a pitiful dirge from the computers ; the place smelled of disinfectant and jerk chicken .
mr . eddis continued , how bout i call mrs . eddis and tell her to set another place at the table tonight , hmm ?
i took my place and looked down at the crowded trailer , mexicans on one side , spruills on the other .
then my father drifted in , and we took our places .
those under the shade tree with me ate first , then three of them changed places with the painters .
his honor excused them and they took their places in the courtroom .
pate brought the courtroom to order as noose and the lawyers took their places .
the lawyers took their places and the courtroom grew quiet .
he herded new arrivals into their places .
` ` franz 's place first ? ''
he slid into the remaining unoccupied seat and the waitress dealt him a paper place mat and clattered a knife and a fork and a mug after it .
it had lasted only moments before the place erupted into a deafening carnival of scrambling reporters .
so he spilled his pile of folders onto the table in front of the second chair and shrugged his jacket off and claimed the place by dropping it onto the chair .
they filed up the ladder and took their places around the table , bleak red eyes , hair fuzzed on the back from the pillows .
next to him at the end of a sofa was an empty place .
two hours into the ride they pulled off and got gas and he changed places with pauling , even though he was n't on the paperwork and was n't insured to drive .
time passed and the place filled up and got more and more crowded and noisy , but nobody came to share his table .
there were still three other empty places at the table .
bond had just finished his sketchy summing - up of the players when le chiffre , with the silence and economy of movement of a big fish , came through the opening in the brass rail and , with a cold smile of welcome for the table , took his place directly opposite bond in the banker 's chair .
bond turned his head and saw that a man had just taken his place at a table on the opposite side of the terrace , well away from them .
the chef de jeu , on his throne behind the croupier , took up the cry , the huissiers shepherded distant stragglers back to their places , and the game began again .
bond automatically took his traditional place across the desk from his chief .
blofeld and the woman entered , the door was closed and they took their places in two wooden armchairs beneath an oil lamp and a large kitchen clock whose only unusual feature was that , at each quarter , the figures were underlined in red .
and you can tell his friggin ' excellency where to shove his place cards .
he only briefly glanced up as bond came in and took his usual place across the red - leather - topped desk .
james bond slid out of his place and went and stood amongst a group of reporters in a corner to the left of the rostrum .
bond slipped out of his place and walked swiftly down the aisle as the auctioneer said for the third time , ` ` one hundred and fifty - five thousand pounds i am bid , '' and then softly brought down his hammer .
m. chose not to hear a call from basildon who was presiding over the big centre table where there were still two places vacant .
in a few minutes six men , five of them in uniform , filed in through the door and , with hardly a glance at the man behind the desk , took their places at the conference table .
two places had been cleared on either side of the head gipsy .
one place was left empty at the head of the table between the two girls .
the men filed round the table and took their places at their numbers , the numbers from one to twenty - one that were their only names and that , as a small security precaution , advanced round the rota by two digits at midnight on the first of every month .
he was sitting two places away from largo , on his left .
they took their places at the head of one of the formica - top tables away from the other officers and men , who looked curiously at the two civilians .
the place set for me put me directly opposite him , with my back to the door .
the cook had set my place at the deal table .
the table was set with eighteen places .
bowing apologetically , she pushed the proper buttons , bowed again , and returned to her place .
she sat one place nearer the action , so he had to look past her shoulder .
if they 're just stepping away to the beverage counter , they often leave them at the table , partly to keep their place claimed , partly because who can carry a pocketbook and a laptop case and a hot cup of coffee ?
the men took their accustomed places at the large rectangular oak table .
lexi 's place was empty .
in tony 's place , a restaurant that michael moretti owned , a celebration was taking place .
there was a stir around the prosecutor 's table and jennifer looked up to see district attorney di silva taking his place at the table next to a battery of assistants .
* * * the wedding took place at the ministry of justice , in paris , and all the models were there as bridesmaids .
tracy , not understanding why , took her place at the end of the line .
the word spread rapidly throughout the ship , and passengers kept approaching jeff to ask if the matches were actually going to take place .
there would be place settings for two hundred guests , at twenty tables .
the finest linens , china , silver , and stemware would adorn each place setting , and in the center of each table would be a floral display of white orchids mixed with white freesias .
a man was taking his place at the piano at center stage .
he seated himself at the table and pushed the plate and silverware away , clearing a place in front of him .
jamie was given the place of honor at the table .
the senator sat at his place watching them , asking questions that brought out the best in oliver .
take your places , please . ''
chuck walters , the director , said , ` ` take your places . ''
after greetings and small talk they took their places around the table .
the bells of the evening angelus echoed throughout the upper regions of stone and wood ; the man held his place at the fifth row and waited for the ringing to stop .
bourne held his place , suddenly alarmed by what he heard through the cacophony of pounding horns and gunning engines in the crowded street .
bourne held his place , his arm around marie st jacques .
the chameleon could not wait marie st jacques was angry as she held her place across the room from brigadier - general irwin arthur crawford in the suite at the pierre hotel .
they took their places behind a long folding table , near t karl but not too near , and faced the weekly gathering .
they filed into the courtroom and took their places behind the appropriate tables .
across the aisle the carter family held down the front row , the same place they 'd been during the fritz trial .
as the witnesses take their places , they stare at nothing - mini - blinds block out the view of the death chamber .
mark barrett had asked annette to find a place for the press conference , and perhaps a little reception , something nice in the way of a homecoming for ron and dennis .
then the applause began to grow as liu ang himself walked onstage , with a gentle , loping gait , and took his own place before the lectern .
quiet conversations take place between men andwomen of wealth and power at these upholsteredenclaves , in calculated shadows under spotlit paintings and wovencloth from centuries ago .
the low candelabra in front of thesilver - mirrored place mats did not obstruct a guest sview of the person opposite , a feat joel wished couldbe mastered by most of the hostesses in new york , london and ceneva .
erich leifhelm raised his glass , the flickeringlight of the candles reflecting off the carved crystaland the edges of the silver - mirrored place mats .
the place was filled with tiers of seats , above which rose a continuous line of decorative arches .
two place settings beckoned .
her place was taken by a man with the shoulders of a football player .
but soon enough their place was taken by tourists in striped shirts and baseball caps they 'd bought from the vendors down by the mall imprinted with cia or fbi .
the two older men walked off to the side speaking quietly as alex and mo panov held their places , the latter frowning and sporadically breathing deeply .
an event was taking place at the kubinka , a decently attended affair , which accounted for the profusion of automobiles , small vans and buses in the vast parking area -- profusion at any rate in the soviet union , where such vehicles were not in oversupply .
` ` we have to change places . ''
every prominent news organization in the country was screaming for a place to sit or stand .
took our places among a big crowd of meeters and greeters .
kendrick closed the door , gesturing for his friend from the past to choose a place to sit .
we fail - which is to say , he fails while we 're there with him - and whatever executions take place they blame it on the jews !
i used your name with a brother of the emir i ' ve known for years and he arranged a place for us ...
there are also place mats and linen , but if i may , if you must leave here abruptly , please call so i may retrieve the silverware and the linen . '
so bollinger and his fascist thieves are out and there 's no one to take their places ?
vincent from pittsburgh was especially determined to impress the rest with his financial acumen , but harry and barry soon put him back in his place .
french took their place at the front of the room .
the second time she thawed just a little , said the children were being seen by a doctor , that the funeral would take place tuesday afternoon in a small town near springfield , and , as far as the family was concerned , the entire state of mississippi could burn in hell .
i eased into the back pew , my usual place , and sat next to a well - dressed gentleman who 'd been around for as long as the church .
i was the protetta of guillaume de matarese and i knew a great event was taking place .
vasili held his place , body and mind aching .
there were decanters of brandy in front of each place setting along with pads , pencils , and pitchers of water .
two uniformed waiters rushed about taking orders for cocktails ; delicate crystal bowls of beluga caviar were at each place setting , and the muted strains of a bach fugue subtly filled the room .
once the descendants of the baron were seated , jan van der meer matareisen entered and took his place at the head of the table .
he met a couple from the foreign office who told him fredericks never showed , and there was an empty place setting to confirm it . ''
it could be nothing more than silver place settings and some gold jewelry .
he readjusted the chairs before each place setting .
` ` i have a place on antigua .
i tell her a little about the case against great benefit , and place emphasis on the fact that i ' ve sued them for ten million dollars .
we all take our places and squeeze our chairs toward the witness .
the three of them take their places on the front row behind me .
they trickled in and took their places around the tables .
two lawyers , one from each side , took their places directly in front of the witness stand and blocked the view from the spectators .
rohr rambled on a bit about punitive damages , seemed to lose his place a few times , and it was clear to most of the jurors that he was so inspired by the prospect of a huge punitive verdict that he lost his concentration .
they took their places around the table , and stared at the empty seat at the end , the one herman had so proudly occupied .
we 'll set an extra place . ''
now he entered what he immediately recognized as a formal dining room , a long table in the center of the room covered with a crisp white linen tablecloth and set with a silver coffeepot on a silver tray , a single place setting at which was a plate of eggs and sausage .
the men nodded at canaris as he took a seat on the long and uncomfortably low sofa , which was the only place left to sit .
the whole place pulsed and pounded to loud music coming out of a half dozen speakers serious enough to drown out the roar of the air - conditioning .
there were two place settings , opposite each other .
hobie gestured to the guy with the shotgun and they changed places .
people crowded the aisle until armstrong chose his place .
he took a place in the forward - facing front row , next to froelich and across the aisle from neagley .
neagley put herself on the same side , two places away .
stuyvesant chose a place three away from reacher and poured himself a glass of water .
she set her table , one place , a knife , a fork , and a plate .
dale points toward a waiting chair ; the three men take their places ; the painful but essentially simple story of fred , judy , and tyler marshall begins .
he pushes in between mouse and kaiser bill , making himself a place : the thunder five plus one .
as the beautiful , quick - witted owner of a saloon called the lazy 8 , the lively center of village social life , lily cavanaugh is much appreciated by the crowd of cowpokes , loungers , ranchers , merchants , lawmen , and riffraff who fill her place every night .
sally and eileen had popped in and out during the present opening , vanishing to the kitchen after commenting on a gift or two , and now they both appeared and took their place at the loaded dining - room table , sally pouring punch into delicate glass cups and eileen cutting and serving the cake on her best china at the opposite end .
i slid into my place and spread my napkin , hoping this would n't be the time i 'd spill barbecue sauce on my blouse .
her mom keeps setting an extra place at the table . '
you need them : to sit with at lunch , to save you a place in line , to wait with for the bus outside the gates after school .
around him , the tables were draped with linen ; the windows framed by silk curtains ; the place settings china and crystal .
he had switched places with anya , taking the passenger seat , so that he had a sweeping view of the open land ahead .
the rear bench seat has been removed , so i find a place on the floor amid the family 's luggage : a red cooler , canvas bags , suitcases , a laundry basket filled with toys .
when i touched the saucer at one of the place settings my finger disturbed an alarming layer of dust .
the first came in the shape of a gentleman who took his place next to me at the bar of the george and dragon in bristol one sunny afternoon .
' come , take your place on the block . '
then rauf was indicating one of three wooden platforms jutting out into the air , bidding him to take his place on it .
his eyes were hard , and as altair took his place , al mualim beckoned two guards to take their place at either side of him .
his eyes were hard , and as altair took his place , al mualim beckoned two guards to take their place at either side of him .
not far away an orator with a close - trimmed black beard had taken his place at his stand , and was now staring at the merchants with dark , hooded eyes .
he took a place on a bench , and sat as though to admire the grand citadel with its fluttering pennants , or as if simply to watch the day go by .
now de montferrat took his place behind a table at one side of the courtyard .
darim was among them , with his bow , the young malik , too , and mukhlis , who took his place beside the master on the dais outside his tower .
he watched as his recruits disposed themselves according to micheletto 's orders and saw micheletto himself take his place in the wings .
after they had greeted each other and taken their places , machiavelli stood and intoned in arabic : ` ` laa shay'a waqi'un moutlaq bale kouloun moumkine : the wisdom of our creed is revealed through these words .
' all the arrangements have been made , and a place reserved for you on the aisle in the third row . '
more and more people crowded into the cathedral until it could hold no more , so that those who had hoped for a place had to be content to remain outside .
as you do so , our men , dressed in the barbarigo uniforms we have captured , will move in from the alleyways around and take their places . '
finally , when all the competitors ' names had been taken ( ezio gave a false one ) , a tall man in a bright red cloak took his place on the rostrum .
she shrugged , as devin and oscar took their places in the pew ahead of us .
the last man to sit at the table , taking a place between danny 's brothers , connor and joe , was uncle eddie mckenna , not an uncle by blood , but family all the same , his father 's best friend since they were teenage boys running the streets of their newfound country .
joe only saw her because another girl with the same color hair stopped to adjust her heel and emma 's face took her place in the crowd .
valerie moved to the chair and paused behind it , her attention on the bowl leigh had set at that place setting .
her gaze slid over the table , noting the tablecloth , which she rarely bothered with , and the place mats with perfect place settings .
her gaze slid over the table , noting the tablecloth , which she rarely bothered with , and the place mats with perfect place settings .
aside from the four place settings there were several covered dishes on the table , and even as she took note of them , dante and tomasso began lifting covers to look underneath .
even as the gravity of that thought coiled around him , reichen could n't help watching in his periphery as a young hipster got up from his seat across the compartment from him and moved to a place that had been vacated at the last stop .
lucan took his place next to gabrielle at the head of the table and addressed the assembled team .
` ` you look foolish and frivolous , '' said de quincey under his breath as the shadowhunters found their places around the table in the large dim room .
jenks was at the camera in the corner , and when jax took his place , the more experienced pixy dropped down to hover with us as we faced the oak doors .
what will you do if your prey invites you inside , offers you a place at the table ?
mr . golder , who 'd given up his place for claire , nodded back .
the whole place smelled foul with spilled chemicals and molding paper .
the vampire unceremoniously ejected a fat calico from her slumbering possession of a gold brocade love seat with tasseled trim and settled gracefully into her place .
he took his place at the head of the table and imogen and halina sat in their respective seats across from me .
jack took his traditional place at the head of the table with teren and me on one side and halina and imogen on the other .
as i drove us back into the city , i wondered if we 'd even find a place to accommodate three of us on such short notice .
teren and i decided to keep our place by the bay .
felix mersey ostentatiously picked up his place setting and moved it next to hers .
she had known to expect a larger than normal gathering , for there were twelve place settings .
sitting next to her , in the place of honor , was an elderly female .
a place was laid for her , so she had been anticipated , although she had missed the soup course .
his place was empty at the head table at supper , as was a guest spot set next to it .
of course , i am delighted he has found himself a place .
too bad they do n't have a place for prom freak .
gregori rose and lucian came forward to take his place , placing his hand over the crystal , mingling blood with that of his ancestors and kneeling before the prince to swear his allegiance and give his blood to the prince as a symbol of his vulnerability .
he took his place beside the warrior he considered one of the greatest of all time .
these men , taking their places to surround him , would not die at his hands this night .
grateful that she was at long last preparing to go , the pack took their places one by one , covering her back and arms as if they were only ink on her skin and not immortal creatures .
they had spent so long in the ground recovering from wounds , both had thought the naming would have already taken place , but gregori had honored them by waiting , which meant they had little choice but to attend .
he told himself it did n't matter as the ceremony got under way and he and tavia found their places by themselves in the last row of pews .
` ` are we setting another place at the table ? ''
their promised talk with me , the talk that was supposed to fill me in on my fairy heritage , would not take place tonight .
a place had been set for him , but the china and crystal were there only out of tradition ; none of the breed consumed human food or drink .
i walked down the line to take my place behind jessica , mildly curious as to why she was suddenly so friendly .
the room was n't empty ; all the cullens had taken their places , ready to put on their usual perfect human charade .
agatha took her place in the set with sidheag and dimity .
immediately he took their place , beckoning his oldest son , jax , down to perch on the computer screen before her .
the doorman gestured for someone to take his place .
` ` because , '' ivy said , wincing , ` ` we switched places . ''
garrick took his place behind the camera , and charlotte put her compact and makeup away in her bag .
nobody had asked her , eve , and shane to take seats , although there were empty places at the table ; she caught eve 's eye and retreated back to the kitchen , grateful to escape .
the servants - claire never did catch more than a shadowy glimpse of them , so they must have been vampires - delivered exquisite little martini glasses full of berries and cream to each place .
the bridge was enormous , and according to the place mat under my burger last night , it came in only feet shorter in height than carew tower , the support towers being five hundred feet up and two hundred feet down to bedrock .
and then she would set an extra place for ivy , just glad i was with someone .
so claire put her cafe mocha down at the third place and sat down , just ahead of jennifer , who was making for the space .
amelie was seated in her place , and so was richard ; there were folders on the table , each one neatly labeled .
she was glad of an excuse to go when eve 's replacement - a surly - looking pimpled boy about shane 's age - took her place behind the counter .
i took her place by nick , pointing down .
chaston and anna sat on either side of her , so i took my place at the other end .
lucan strode up to the table to take his place among his brethren .
as soon as i secure a place for her at one of the darkhavens , gabrielle maxwell is gone .
` ` there 's only one place setting . ''
he moved out of the way , and someone else sat in his place .
i found some lace place mats , dragon - headed candlesticks , and a ceramic raven .
i hung the skeleton lights from the wrought - iron fence and put place mats on a coffin - lid table .
all resumed their places along the benches save for two , a female with white hair , and a young male with a kind face .
doc jane put her hand on his shoulder and maneuvered him around in a circle so they traded places .
the place was empty , at his request - he 'd asked the nurse - elina ?
he and the woman are on their way to reichen 's place in berlin as we speak .
i noticed each place was set with mother 's delicate fleur - de - lis china .
sheriff forbes was in his usual place in the second pew , glaring at the cluster of rouged women from the tavern who had come to pay their respects .
at once he took his place in the tomb beside me , and pushed the lid back to its place , and all the world 's light in any form was shut out , as if the dead would have it so .
jack took his place beside me .
we have twelve place settings . ''
the gym was already full by the time we got there , but romy and anderson had saved a couple of places at the very top of the bleachers , just like the night of the basketball game .
then we 'll switch places . ''
jason took his place at the placemat with no plate and no fork , only a spoon .
when time came for supper , lord maccon 's place card , originally near hers , had magically migrated to the other end of the table .
miss tarabotti , half a world away - eight whole place settings ! -still managed to overhear the conversation .
` ` maybe now that you know , '' she said , ` ` swapping places is n't such a good idea .
now all the vampires were taking their places around the sacrificial slab of a table .
jenna got up from the table and began clearing her place setting .
we stared in silence as they arranged our place settings and artfully laid out the platters of food .
contenders , take your places . ''
gently rubbing my neck , i lingered at the door to watch minias , jenks , and my mother find their place in line .
she turned , and i followed her gaze to ivy and jenks in the graveyard , both looking helpless as ceri directed everyone to their places .
but remember we 'll only have four place settings .
her guests had been pleased with the artful display of the salad in the plates chosen , the tiny bouquets he 'd put at each place setting .
jacob cast a contemptuous glance toward the male vampire a moment before he used his arm to sweep off the place setting , sending the dessert plate , silverware , place mat , bouquet and water glass spinning off the table .
then she had lit a single candle in a candleholder in the center of the table , and positioned herself behind the chair with the place setting .
i helped bridget from the coach and we took our places in the receiving line .
` ` good morning , '' i mumbled , slinking into my place .
as dessert came out , bram took pity on me and sat down in bridget 's place for a moment .
the rest of them had changed places every so often , but gabriel always stuck to the front .
and pandora , beautiful , brown - eyed pandora - she looked truly uncaring as she took her place beside marius .
without eren , bonnie would never have found a place at the tables , which were crammed with young girls eating .
i could easily see that this was a christian bible , with its double columns of small print and the gilt edges of its pages , and the ribbon that marked his place .
a place had already been set on the wooden counter , with a blue cloth mat and a heavy steel fork and knife .
men and women clad in shiny fabrics for evening were already taking their places in the theatre lounge below .
they roared with rough delight when they saw me , then ushered me forward , pushing mr . crepsley and seba along with me , insisting i take pride of place .
king rhys turned in his seat , leaned across the two empty places and said to the diamond king : ` ` do you think something has happened to them ?
` ` i 'll swap places ! ''
she was going to have to come up with a lie to get him to trade places with her .
` ` freedom '' was the word in latin worked into the high white marble walls , in a frieze that ran beneath the balconies on either side of the church , on the same level as this , my place , in which more of the court beheld the spectacle .
florian had taken his place before the altar with his face to the congregation , and on one side of him stood the fragile ursula , her hair full and loose and down on her shoulders , though shrouded like a mary magdalene in a scarlet veil which hung to the very edge of the hem of her tapering gown .
i do , somehow finding a place in the crowded refrigerator .
i move down a step so she can take my place next to dad .
` ` you left a place i could n't fill .
i want to cry , to scream , to toss the table over and destroy the entire place .
` ` swap places with me , malachai .
opposite him , i took my place , my back to the leather wall which divided us from the driver , folding my arms again as i watched him , crouched as it were , with the casket in his arms .
but in the weed - infested cemetery , i found a place for her , thinking , ah , it is consecrated ground .
tall , lanky antoine had taken his place beside her again , his long black hair loose and unkempt yet not unattractive , certainly not unattractive for a fiddler , and he began to accompany sybelle , obviously waiting for her to initiate the variations .
fareed had taken his place beside seth and appeared to be enraptured now with these goings - on .
` ` is there to be an order as to where we take our places , '' asked arjun in a polite voice as he approached gregory .
suddenly benji slid out of his place at my right and silently hurried down the length of the table until he stood at rhoshamandes 's left and then he stared down at the phone .
after a quick shower in the guest bathroom ( she made a mental note to tell the plumber about the weak water pressure ) , she put on coral capri pants and a white tank top and unearthed a tablecloth and two place settings , including goblets for the wine chilling in the fridge next to a bottle of fresca and lunch leftovers from a nearby kosher pizza shop .
everyone filled a plate and found a place at the round table , including the rev .
vampires and blood - slaves came into view , each finally taking their places on the tiers , as ordered .
as i took my place next to him , i gingerly laid my head upon his shoulder ; i thought it would feel awkward , but it did n't .
but my hopes were dashed as the table was as full as the night before - kiev and his siblings in the same place across the table from us .
von bork , you will go with us in a quiet , sensible fashion to scotland yard , whence you can send for your friend , baron von herling , and see if even now you may not fill that place which he has reserved for you in the ambassadorial suite .
the cardinal crossed and dropped heavily at a round mahogany table , then gestured for rhun to sit at his right , his usual place .
two places were set with silver flatware and fine china decorated with the papal seal .
the guns were holstered , the overturned chairs were righted , and folks took their places in the seats and around the coffin once more .
four dozen place settings of fine china covered the table , along with matching flatware .
mart smiled , baring perfect teeth , and strode back to his place .
i went to join adam on the sofa , while georgia took her place next to mac across the table from us .
zen and rhea nodded at us to take our places next to our demons .
* * * the dinner took place in a colossal great hall , and i walked into it with my hand on curran 's arm .
he turned and sat in her place , next to me .
the four masters of the dead -- ghastek , rowena , mulradin , and filipa -- took their places at the table .
as long as you were willing to drink beer , get rowdy , and proclaim yourself a viking , you had a place at their table .
his long brown hair was brushed and loose , and he twirled the stem of his wineglass as i took my usual place next to him .
finn asked , taking owen 's place beside me .
eventually , jo - jo moved moira over to one of the booths so the little girl could color on a paper place mat printed with the pork pit 's pig logo .
moira looked at me , then raised her arm in a cheery good - bye wave , her colored place mat and the bag of cookies that i 'd given her earlier dangling from her other hand .
shaking my head at his ingenuity - i had parked my hummer on king hall 's property earlier that morning - i advanced to the driver 's seat as my friends took their normal places within .
you would think the men would have been cheering the loudest but , i swear , women 's rights were taking a firm grip on every female in the place as pearl took the stage .
i glanced around , making sure everyone took note of me before i spoke , which was n't a problem since every eye in the place was on me .
like every other man in the place , gideon had been caught in her spell , mesmerized by the veiled promise lurking in the depths of her sea - green eyes .
she took the place across from victor so she would n't have to sit beside him .
a hum of excited conversation filled the air as victor , looking properly humble and surprised , took his place beside kay in the center of the circle .
erik sent daisy a meaningful glance as he took alex 's place in the backseat .
daisy stuck her tongue out at him as she took her place at the table .
she rose gracefully , her head high and proud as she took her place at rodin 's side .
liliana took her place beside katiya 's parents .
drake stood beside her , his arms crossed over his chest , his face like stone as he watched the council members file into the room and take their places .
drake took his place on the dais , with elena seated at his right and liliana at his left .
she smiled at zack as he took a place beside her .
meg and sam had started the first movie and each had a helping of popcorn when he returned , so he took his place on the sofa and snuggled up next to meg .
not sitting at this fancy dining table with a formal place setting .
standing beside miranda , kylie realized the place was n't as crowded as she 'd expected it to be .
her breath caught at the sight of the fight -- or out - and - out war -- taking place .
kylie asked , and they both took up their places at the table .
melissa 's dark eyes scanned her worriedly , but she did not refuse as she slid easily into cassie 's place .
caleb ripped the spear from his father 's chest and stepped forward to take his place before the throne he had just claimed as his own .
the music began , wheezing from a small organ at the front of the chapel , and victoria saw that the groom had taken his place at the altar .
` ` perhaps i could take verbena 's place this evening , '' he said after a particularly long , delving kiss .
even when he took his place next to victoria on the sofa , as if he were a love - struck swain - which was so far from sebastian 's persona that victoria chuckled to herself at the thought - wayren did n't appear to notice .
victoria allowed her mother to drag her through the crowds to their places at the long table .
unfortunately an afternoon of tea with them had turned into a series of invitations to carnivale parties , races , and the sharing of their balcony overlooking the corso , where all of the festivities took place .
ylito took his place near the head , and before sebastian knew what was happening he heard a soft whisk , and then a faint clink .
behind her , the vampire who 'd taken max 's seat had also taken his place at sara 's side .
amelie , the platinum - haired pianist who 'd sat with verbena the last time , was at her place to the left .
` ` you 're right on time , '' denise found a place for the fruit .
` ` then we will exchange places .
at a nod from lissa , the comesula approached her place at the table .
all three watched as roff gave toff a smile and steered him toward the three boys at the table before walking to his usual place near the queen 's chair .
flanked by winkler and gavin ( winkler insisted , displacing tony ) i took my place on the high seat at the front .
winkler grinned and winked at me from his place at bill 's side .
when we drove into yukon , gavin asked me to pull over and he switched places with me .
they hang back or refuse to separate , while others , more eager to go , take their place .
when aunt patty and i entered , the place grew still .
i take my place in line - there 's always a line , even at midnight - behind amanda , the girl who attacked st . clair at breakfast .
his wife has that perfectly coiffed hair and that toothy political smile , but his teenage son looks uncomfortable and out of place .
if our seats had been reversed , or the kids in front of us had swapped places in line at the last minute , that head could have been my undoing rather than toby 's .
now let 's get you towelled off and back to class '' and so it was that i went to music with my wet hair stuffed up under a maid 's mobcap to stand at my place next to the smug clarissa and i was good .
i hear the crowd begin to pour in and take their places in the pews .
when i go through the door , the place is already in an uproar .
real china was set in each place and real silver silverware .
from my place in the next - to - last row , it takes forever to deplane .
the whole place is either staring or trying not to .
david sat down a few places away .
i made some fresh coffee and went to sit in the living room , where a john william waterhouse canvas took pride of place : a dark - haired woman in a flowing red dress , gazing into a crystal ball .
eventually , we go to our assigned places in the dining hall , and the graduation ceremonies begin .
introductions are made , bows and curtsies all around , a brief tour of the upper decks , where i find everything shipshape , of course , and then down into the captain 's cabin , where the table is prepared for a splendid feast - the places set , the candles lit , the wineglasses sparkling .
the place dissolved into chaos , with the actress , a miss clarissa howe , being hauled off to jail on a charge of assault .
she followed me everywhere - we had to set a place for her at the table , she and i talked all the time - the whole deal .
i fought through the rest of the day and faked pleasantries with analise in art class , wishing the nail assignment was done already so evan could take back his place next to me .
by the time i 'd returned with the tray , there was only one place left to sit - and i should n't have been surprised that it was the one next to emma .
so i drove the sisters , who were completely hysterical , and harlon james , who probably wished he was dead , to dean wilks ' place in their 1964 cadillac .
ridley led me to an empty chair , across from the silver bird holding lena 's place card , as if i had a choice .
` ` i do n't see my name on any of the place cards .
i snapped out of my thoughts , my stomach starting to squeeze at the very idea of switching places , and threw on a smile .
before i could comment on it , and really , nerves had already locked up my throat , mom was ushering us to a booth she 'd reserved for us , making elegant looking place cards with our names on them out of comment cards .
i switched places with aiden and then luke , giving all of us time to rest up .
then i notice that there are more place settings here than girls and they are merely rotating around to deny me a seat at this table .
the others snicker at my disgrace and turn their backs to me as i take my place at the foot of the class .
i do the curtsy and then stand there as amy takes her place in the second rank .
i know that is an assigned place 'cause she 's standing right next to clarissa and i know she 'd never stand there on her own .
we go back into the music room and i walk across and maestro points out my place and i take it and stand there with my useless folder in front of me .
the chimes ring out and i walk into the dining room and advance to my place at the head table and stand there at attention while all the others file in .
i gulp and take the baton and i step to the podium and give the baton a few raps and say , ` ` everybody back in your places .
they all plop down at a long table and annie pats the place next to her and i sit there , and betsey goes to the stove and gets plates of eggs and bacon and toast and puts a plate before each of us , and the girl rachel pours the tea and i figures that they take turns in this duty so that they 'll all be served like ladies some of the time .
mistress came in and marched to her place and called on me for the grace and i gave it , thanking the good lord for the food and for all those , both upstairs and down , who have bestowed on my poor self the precious gift of their caring love and friendship .
and i 'll put you in his place next to that lieutenant - what 's his name ... oh , flashby , the one with the mustachios .
we enter the room and introductions are made , bows and curtsies all around , and then we go to our places .
i am handed to my place by captain humphries , who 's beaming and twinkling away at me , having already consumed a good deal of wine , i 'll wager .
the parking lots were packed full and we had to find a place on the grass , which clearly displayed a sign that read : no parking on grass .
with another of his triad , he relieved the standing guard and took their places .
when it 's my turn i scan the audience , looking for my aunt and my sister , but i ' m so nervous about tripping and falling as i take my place on the stage and reach for the diploma in principal mcintosh 's hand , i ca n't see anything but color - green , blue , white , a mess of pink and brown faces - or make out any individual sounds beyond the shush of clapping hands .
the annoying creature smirked at her again as he took a place across from her on the opposite sofa .
a half hour before the start of the ceremony , the parking lot was already nearly full , but i found a place at the end of the farthest row , turned off the engine , and sat quietly for a moment .
i turned and shuffled down the middle row until i reached the empty place at the back .
i slid into my place by christopher .
clear blue eyes locked with mine , even though the place was filled and there was commotion all around us .
we get to the rollercoaster and take our places in the car , its seating bar perpetually raised for us .
i take my place in the line as the dirt is shoveled onto the coffin .
if this photographer shows up , i will gladly put her in her place .
they were silent for a while , staring at their empty place settings .
i knew she had to be the queen by how she carried herself ; with utter confidence as if she owned the place .
i ' m in a hurry , wanting to grab my towel and trunks and get down to the pool before mom and dad , so i can bag a place close to ( but not too close to ) the blonde , if she 's there .
the place was quiet , everyone either in classes or huddled in practice rooms working away at their recital pieces .
the gilder king asked from his place beside the lucky king .
news of the jinn kings ' involvement in a trial must have traveled because the whole place was so packed there were jinn floating in the air above the seating , like brightly colored hummingbirds watching him with curious eyes .
she motioned toward the front of the room , and he begrudgingly took his place as she sat behind her desk .
` ` you 'll be eating dinner with us tonight , so be sure to set yourself a place at the table , too . ''
dominic immediately pulled haven away and dia took her place without hesitation , rattling on excitedly through two songs .
i took my place next to quinn , my feet uncomfortably crossed in front of me .
funny i did n't notice it before , '' i said , and took my place .
directly beneath us , my friends were dining on the finest foods a five - star chef could offer , but as my mom walked around in an old sweatshirt of my dad 's , looking like a teenager herself , i would n't have traded places with them for all the creme brulee in the world .
when bex hung a left at the piggly wiggly and nearly took out a crossing guard from roseville elementary school , madame dabney made her pull into the grocery store parking lot and trade places with macey .
mom had already taken her place at the front of the room .
probably every girl in the country would have traded places with her , but i saw the misery in her eyes as she stood lost inside that massive space , and i knew why i was there .
as the governor of vermont and his wife took their places , i could n't help but notice that one of the most powerful men in the country looked absolutely terrified of the woman with the clipboard .
only bex seemed to be immune to the silence as she threw one leg over the bench and took her place next to macey .
` ` my mom has to be back by now , '' i said , despite that fact that professor buckingham was moving to my mother 's place behind the podium at the front of the room .
` ` hi , '' zach said , because , oh yeah , evidently zach now had a regular place at our table in the grand hall .
` ` i was coming back , '' i repeated as , one by one , the rest of the senior class filtered through the door and took their places all around me .
` ` sit , ms . bishop , '' headmaster franklin said from his place in the front row .
they had n't tried to blend in among the tourists and high rollers- had n't taken a place at the tables , or positioned themselves by the slots - and that , more than anything , infuriated her .
he motioned to one of the mismatched chairs beside him , and she took her place at the table without a second thought .
kat had always belonged in uncle eddie 's kitchen , and she tried to wrap her mind around what it would be like to be the boy who had never been given a place at his family 's table .
chapter 36 by two o'clock the following afternoon , the cast members were in their places and the stage was finally set .
avi takes his place right next to me .
they make us trade places about a bil ion times and encourage us to smile while passing their cameras back and forth to each other , showing off their shots .
i pour water into a glass and i ' m moving on to the next place setting when a handsome guy i ' ve never seen before stumbles through the doorway .
the nephilim in the room held their places , but i could read the dread and tension on every one of their faces .
i ' m not even sure i can eat a single cornflake , but i sit down because my place at the hall family table has just been restored .
i did , and keirran took his place on the opposite side .
i take my place at the side of stage .
they switch places , and to our relief lenny catches trish and does n't test his theory about her boobs .
there are flowers in the center , with place mats and table settings meticulously placed in front of each of the chairs .
yes , i want to take my place with the other garde .
when my tour guide is done rambling , i head straight for it , and take my place in one of the lines , behind a bunch of kids that look just a little older than me .
higgins brings another place setting and i pointedly glance down at the colored girl , who has also come up on deck to sit next to the railing and look out over the water .
i admonish him that i will brook no cheating nor skinning of helpless country boys , and he assures me that only serious members of the sporting class will be allowed to take their place at that table .
the place is beginning to fill up and mrs . babineau nods at me and i put the guitar aside and rise .
i do my musical set and when i get the nod , i go into the gaming room and take my place at the blackjack table and begin to deal .
i signal a girl named marie and she comes over to take my place at the blackjack table , as we had previously arranged .
he saw me sitting at the table , took in the steaming bowl before me , and then regarded my bowl 's twin at the place setting on the other side of the table , beside it the carefully folded napkin and polished spoon , the teapot and the fresh cup of tea , the aromatic vapor rising from its ebony surface .
` ` mr . jared , '' i ask , ` ` does each officer have his own place at that table ? ''
several of them regard me curiously , and i see that the place i had asked for , three seats down from the head , is open .
i ask nan as she takes her place in the row in front of me , positioning her backpack at her feet .
it was the only empty seat left in the whole place , and if a person in a wheelchair rolls in , then everyone else here might resent ely as much as i do right now .
heather was afraid to sit down at the table , since she was so dirty , but anne set a place for her , so she did .
i waited on line for , like , an hour and barely moved three places .
as soon as she took her place blindfolded at the side of the road , there was a blast of traffic from both directions .
i finish the song and take my place at brittany 's side .
sierra takes a place beside isabel .
i decide to take my place under the window because three other guys are there , ray being one of them .
he moved a duffel bag from the passenger seat into the back , and i sat in its place .
aria sat opposite him , tears quietly running down her cheeks , absentmindedly unraveling the edge of a rattan place mat .
pierre probably thought that long pause between lines was because she 'd lost her place , not because she 'd seen an apparition on the stage .
the air had an electrified , anticipatory quality about it , and within minutes , the lights dimmed , the crowd quieted , the three witches took their places for the first scene , and the curtain opened .
the place settings had been shoved aside , and her history book was splayed open to the chapter they were being tested on tomorrow .
maybe she could tell the truth - that there were twins , that the other girl was a crazy ali impersonator , that she 'd gotten out last night but her parents were confused and thought the girls had switched places .
the bank clock ticked to 9:00 pm on the dot , and the girls took their places .
all the plates and utensils matched , and there were even place mats .
and that the lithograph of a woman going through the yoga sun salutations - a print hanna 's father hated , but hanna 's mom loved - hung in its place ?
spencer 's mother plucked her place card from the long table in the lobby .
the chair and line judges took their places , and finally , the men 's locker room doors opened and two guys walked onto the court .
as they took their place in line and kate studied the menu board , hanna heard loud whispers on the other side of the room .
aria picked up a cornflower blue crayon from the little cup in the middle of the table ; rabbit rabbit put crayons on every table and encouraged its patrons to draw on the backs of their place mats .
these days , the walls were all covered , so the staff had started hanging place mats from the ceiling .
xavier covered his place mat with his hand .
ian 's lawyer arrived and took his place across the aisle .
emily pretended to be fascinated by the laminated place mat in front of her , a kitschy , fact - filled map of the united states .
` ` take your places , all of you , '' she says , her voice low , her gaze expressionless , seemingly not surprised by my sudden appearance .
i am given my place next to jaimy , and i silently thank the captain for that .
i take my seat at the head of the gleaming table - ephraim had put six coats of good spar varnish on it when he was done with the routing , and it glows like a wooden jewel - and the others take their places , as well .
everyone take your places .
there are posters to either side of the doorway and they proclaim that a certain event is going to take place there .
he nods and mounts the stage , and the place falls silent .
higgins stuffs me into my lawson peabody dress , does what he can with my hair , and then we both go down to the mess deck to take our places at the table .
captain hudson has graciously left the place at the head of the table for me .
i go to my place at the head of the table - and thank you , captain hudson , for again being gracious about that - raise the glass that has been placed there for me , and say , ` ` gentlemen ... to our mutual enterprise . ''
i took my place beside him , leaving the more comfortable seat for longshot .
men and women , boys and girls , all of those old enough and bold enough to meet our needs , rushed forward , eager to take their place in our ranks , more willing bodies here than i 'd dared dream .
joel made his way to his place across the long table from his mother .
i sat down at my place next to lesley .
xemerius took off and flew across the table to aunt maddy 's empty place , where he sat upright on her chair and curled his lizard tail neatly around his feet .
the solemn ceremony in which the secret documents of the lodge are transferred from the hands of count saint - germain to the members of the inner circle is to take place in the dragon hall today .
` ` excuse me , please move one place up . ''
charlotte ignored aunt maddy and went back to her own place at the table , still with that stony expression .
his thugs took their place behind him , and folded their arms , taking on a posture of invulnerability and arrogance .
she has finally resorted to switching places in will 's class with nick in the hopes that something will bloom there .
she sets two more places at the table while i fill drinks with tea .
i glance behind me and notice them setting an extra place .
` ` should i set a place for layken , too ? ''
she brings the extra place setting to the table and sets an extra glass down for lake .
noah looked thunderous and grim as he stared at the elaborate place setting and the dozens of utensils lined up on the side and top .
i set the table really nicely , even making origami - swan place cards , and got the candles going so that oliver 's dingy small apartment actually felt sorta festive and alive .
when i am in position , father chee bows to me once , and then takes his place at the old beat - up piano to my left , opening his songbook to the number we always start with .
i take my place by the sunniest window in the room , and old man linder says , ` ` remember , the crowd does n't always get your newfangled mtv kid references , so keep your jokes age appropriate .
ty looks up from the computer and then takes his place in the power circle .
i sat down on the other side of her and kiran took his place next to me .
the table cloths were white , with low bouquets of white roses tumbling across the tables and down the sides to the floor , leaving only room for place settings .
talbott and avalon appeared from out of nowhere , taking their places on either side of the argument .
i heard the palace doors open , kiran and his guards filled in the places behind us , completing the circle of our enemies .
` ` trade places with me , '' i demanded , walking to the other side of him so that i could face the dining room instead of the bedroom .
lilly and i found a place in gabriel 's living room .
the wedding had taken place in the citadel , a conscious choice we made to erase the years of tyranny from our history and reestablish this sacred immortal town in happiness .
i asked as i took my place at eden 's right across from kiran and directly next to seraphina .
they smiled reassuringly , vanne squeezing her shoulder as they took their places behind her .
the woman switched places with one of the oprichniki so that she could sit beside me .
ivan led me to the grisha tent , where i took my place by the darkling 's side .
the crewmen scattered to their stations , and the squallers took their places .
as they flounced away , two rather tipsy noblemen took their place .
3 i arrived at karate class a few minutes late and slid into my usual place beside charlayne .
austen took her places and showed her things she 'd never seen before .
jules had gathered my book , saved my place and sat next to me on the loveseat .
set a place for her at the table .
there were five seats at the table , and each place had a place card in front of it , as though they were at a wedding .
there were five seats at the table , and each place had a place card in front of it , as though they were at a wedding .
i watched as she sat at my place at the table with my family and giggled with my friends , pretending she 'd known them forever .
william nodded his head in acknowledgement as he took his place beside joseph and nathanial behind me .
demanded sam , the young man seated at arobynn 's left - a place that usually went to ben , arobynn 's second - in - command .
lana took her place in the middle and i attached myself at the end .
i meekly take my place with the other boys as mr . pelham explains the procedure much more clearly than i did , and soon they are reading the numbers as robin swings the quadrant back and forth , now making the sun 's image just touch the knife - edge horizon .
set the table for five , two places on one long side , one place on each of the other sides .
` ` harkness , if you would be so good as to sit here '' -i motion to the place to my left- '' and jared , if you will sit there ... '' and i nod to the place opposite me .
the table had been set with a gleaming white tablecloth and the place settings were perfect , the silverware polished and set just so , and the cabin positively gleamed with new wax .
he left the captain 's place settings to captain trumbull , but resupplied us with dutch plates and french silver and austrian crystal that he had been ... requisitioning ... from the prizes .
i stepped back from liam and unfastened my cloak and took it off and handed it to moira , who did n't look much like she enjoyed taking it , nor was she overjoyed at setting a place for me .
onscreen , they ' ve cut live to the graveyard , where ` ` an unfolding drama '' is taking place .
he takes his place , studying the image on the screen .
a tall man , mustachioed like many men in this country , and dressed in a suit and tie , goes to take his place at the head of the table .
the students then wander in , laughing and joking , and they , too , take their places .
carmelita points to a chair , three places from her , on the left side of the table .
the places are set , the wine poured , the food served .
senor garcia has taken carmelita 's place at the foot of the table , leaving the spot at the head open .
the former occupants of the balcony once again take their places .
men scurry to take their places , but they do not yet raise the sails , for it turns out there is one more man to come aboard .
since there are only eight places around the table , the girls are set on low stools , each to the side of her male host .
with some nice white muslin curtains fluttering merrily in the breeze , we count ourselves to be quite cozy and unwilling to change places with any of the crews , and that includes yours , too , mrs . barnsley .
ruger wastes no time in moving into my old cabin and assuming his place at the head of the table .
they look at me somewhat dubiously as i stand , not quite five feet of me , drawn up at attention in my naval rig - snug blue jacket with gold buttons and braid , and lace spilling out of my collar and cuffs , tight white trousers , and shiny black boots - but they go to their places and sit .
i took my place on pops 's left .
when the sun began to set , cole gave me a quick kiss and took his place among the chairs lining the far wall .
tankards and mugs were passed through the crowd and people copped places on the benches .
the knights went to their places , and i watched .
so i try not to dwell on what i have lost as i take my place in the to and fro of city life .
once the four kids were seated , ziggy and victor took their places at the ends .
jason felt nervous as he took his place in line .
rachel took her place near the front of the column .
before long the table held three place settings , a bowl of fruit , a charger brimming with mashed vegetables dusted with spices , a carafe of golden fluid , a pitcher of water , and a platter heaped with slices of white meat .
in response to a gesture dershan and tark took their places against a far wall .
conrad and jason took their places .
she inclined her head to the green - and - gold circular divan in the front of the room - a place usually reserved for ladies - in - waiting , patient husbands , and bored children .
the other half of the room was occupied by an oak dining table capable of seating eight , its place settings still laid out : plates of porcelain and silver , flatware that had long since gone dull .
by the time i made it across the deck , nat and john peters had ducked back inside , where the rest of the ski team was , and mr . peters had taken their place with trip and sarah .
as we chose our place with our backs to a blank wall between baskin - robbins and mcdonald 's , he murmured , ` ` pull up your skirt and let me see it . ''
i would give him my place and stand on the floor , and possibly be groped by the frat boys currently leering at me and inching closer to the stage in the hope of seeing up my dress .
before he 'd turned back around , her drums burst into life , ace played the bass line and sam the melody , and i was waiting for a place to jump in , feeling like i was running to catch up .
` ` switch places with me , '' sam called .
obediently i switched places with him .
` ` thanks , '' i said gratefully , and took her place as she headed into the other room .
he pulled over here , and he took his coat from her , and they switched places .
they took their places , the other greencloaks opposite .
finn took a place behind a large harrow .
sullivan stood up , gesturing me off the bench and taking my place .
jan busied herself setting another place at the table .
she simply took her place quietly at the front of the crowd next to me , as we waited for hecate , lucan and ares , who were just a few steps behind us .
he swaggered back to his place in line , grinning cockily at me as he did .
i ignored that and walked to the only other place setting at the long table .
i hurried back to my place behind emma , who gave me a pleading look over her shoulder - do n't make him angry ! -and i promised myself i 'd keep it together .
the girl stared at the empty place before her , clearly wishing that all the attention would vanish .
everyone but the warriors left the hall , though orchidspike and magpie stayed in their places and the crows hunched in a cluster smoking the chief 's tobacco .
she set places for two , one on either side of the table .
alejo slid into a chair across the table from tabor , where an empty place setting seemed to be waiting .
he left his place in line , much to the dismay of the student behind him who would now be served his lunch that much faster .
there was an empty place laid at the foot of the table .
no one had noticed me silently waiting in my place in the stern .
they took their places in silence .
black , bald , and seemingly in his 30 's , he takes a place next to the man already standing at the master end .
just before i could at least get a duster out it was time for me to take my place upfront again , and as i settled into the still warm seat i looked out of the cockpit at the airfield that teddy was pointing to , i had seen larger window boxes .
a table of teak wood was set with places for four and emily started laying out plates from a small chiller unit .
when the evening bell rang she was at her place at the dining table .
then he took her place beside finan .
and when the jolly old elf finally arrives at town square , he hops off the wagon and takes his place on a huge red chair in the middle of the band pavilion .
the israeli show in the club , that the guys were driving to , took place in a half industrial - commercial area , out of the citys skyscrappers .
as she and joe have rehearsed , blesonus jumps up from her place , hurries across the room , grabs rholealys staff and runs at joe with the stick raised high in the air , how dare you !
in a silent reminder that prissi had offered to pay for lunch , nancy climbed up on a stool and tossed her pak on the counter space next to her to save a place for her roomie .
he stood , drank the last of his watery gin and tonic , grabbed his coat and bag , then took his place in line .
everyone seemed to have settled in and found a place .
caligula and galba had been conversing quietly prior to my arrival , and continued after i had taken my place at the table , completely ignoring my entrance .
i found my place next to santino and vincent , while agrippina went to stand next to her brother .
santino , helena , and i were seated at their right , a place of honor , varus and quintilius directly across from us to their left , with the rest of the guests scattered throughout the couches .
the priest came to stand near them as the hernandez 's took their places in the front row .
he was pleased anyway to see the wait staff had removed all the plates and silverware and glasses from the empty places of those who had nt come .
with that , seth took his place next to pickett , picked up one of the ceremonial pens laid out before him , and signed his name to the first of the contracts .
the priest began to apologize but one look from the prince and he shut up , rushing with his retinue to his place as we rode off .
i throw the phone on the other side of my hotel room , taking a place on the cold floor , and suffering .
now , as upon this audience , in her gascon imagination , depended her future life , she saluted aramys and porthys politely , declaring that she would not resume the game until she should be prepared to play with them on more equal terms , and went and took her place near the cord and in the gallery .
they took their places , and the ballet began .
she gained the place appointed , and as no signal had been given her by which to announce her presence , she waited .
at the sight of her friend , porthys uttered a loud cry of joy ; and mousquetonne , rising respectfully , yielded her place to her , and went to give an eye to the two stewpans , of which she appeared to have the particular inspection .
the hour of the banquet being come , the two guards arrived , took their places , and the dishes were arranged on the table .
porthys and aramys resumed their places by the stovepipe .
the officer saw that the baggage was fastened carefully behind the carriage ; and this operation ended , she took her place beside milord , and shut the door .
when they change places in the dark world , a long conflict has a wildcard introduced .
there was a fourth place set but no food was served on those plates .
chimol prepared a place for himself and sat down well out of sight .
as we took our places at the head table , our quiet conversation petered out as we noticed that simon was n't present .
the trumpet user walked away and took his place in line .
they always leave an empty place for him in his honor , like when our military flies in the missing man formation .
have nt had time to give it much thought but just on the surface i think the easiest would be to get in rubys place before the thugs arrive and place a bug somewhere around the table .
some big event was going to take place there tomorrow , but they did not tell me what it was .
the vips move into their places ; sixty members of the house of commons are there , forty from the lords ; a hundred naval officers , fifty military chiefs and an equal number of clergy .
we ve set a place for you ; you re just in time for lunch .
they were the only empty places left , it being a saturday with yet another brat birthday party in the common area .
people were taking their places , dressed in fine robes and talking excitedly together .
all those wishing to join in friendly combat for this prize now take your places by the lists .
from a few seats further down , laban caught her eye and smiled as she took her place .
beth immediately looked down at her place setting .
ka was entertaining a wry smile as she belatedly took her place .
three perfect rows of stiletto heels took pride of place in the centre , surrounded by neatly folded cashmere sweaters and impeccably pressed shirts and skirts .
as they all took their places at the table , mr . and mrs . browley at each end , chris and mason on the left side and hanna and priscilla on the right , chris could n't help but watch hanna .
he walked in and took his place at the table .
even adam had his place among the art , seated in an imaginary scene , reading a book about dragons to his daughter .
asked george tanner , jamies friend , from his place in the next seat .
that does nt sound like a bad idea , commented laura blanton from her place next to john , who glared at her .
jamie reluctantly pulled away from shawna and took his place next to dave and buster .
of course all the others held on to their posts tooth and nail and the deputy 's place was filled as quickly as he was forgotten .
ben and his grandmother exchanged glances and ben offered his place to the old woman , who immediately quietened down .
ben offered her his place .
the sisters took a place - each equipped with a keyboard and buttons .
there were places for four people at each table .
on seeing natalie and sophia they immediately stood up and , having introduced themselves , politely sat them down in their places .
the sisters ran back to their table as fast as they could and when the bodyguard arrived they were already seated at their places .
karoli and falconer tapped the women on the shoulder and took their places .
taking his place in line , an embarrassed jones apologized , smiling sheepishly .
i entered the first - floor lounge and took a place at the staff table .
unknown to me , a couple of other instructors were waiting outside beneath the stairs , and they grabbed the two best places on the single bench seat .
jason waves her forward and she takes a place between lisa and dresden .
she takes her place next to her admiral , giving him a shy smile .
take your place and i 'll sit facing you .
meanwhile , hollie and philippa , and broudie and lochlan , took their places at the backs of each side of the court , and bobby and claire , and jordan and liam , took the fronts .
jay shuffled in his place , eager to find out what he was going to get .
everyone else took places at the table and the servants came in immediately with the first course .
she could feel his anxiety as he took his place in the ballroom and awaited the announcement of the first of the ladies .
eryk took a seat on the couch where rupert had lain not so many days ago , and branden took a place behind him , standing in an effort to be intimidating .
byron gave eryk a curt nod of greeting as he entered and took a place at the back of the group .
the only sounds that broke the silence were the quiet rattle of the chains and the creak of the wooden steps as kardon and sookra took their places .
it will be taking place on friday , september 14 , in the school cafeteria at the third period .
so we strolled up to the dance floor , took our places in the torchlight , and we rule the letorque are clan elder of third clan .
thorn looked quizzically at shari , but she just smiled again and led him to mayor havershams side before taking her place at the front of the group .
once his black boots were on the sandy floor of the pit melina raised the metal staircase and took her place beside court raleigh , opposite david scontz , to watch the show .
they took their places around the table with san martin at the head .
pigafetta found the most presentable of his now well - worn doublets and pants and lined up on deck for a place in a boat , when henriqu came to him and said , tuan antonio , it is better you do not go .
the flames illuminated the forest behind like the backdrop to a stage and silhouettes moved in front as they arrived from the boats and took their places for the banquet .
calmly , connor took his place at the front table sitting at length from his fellow staff masters .
just as everyone took their places came a timed tap sound from wood on stone .
she giggled and hurried to her place in the front line .
he shivered at the thought and hurried to take his place in line .
jon flicked through , picking out a beatles song , then put his index finger on a code printed next to the selection , so as not to lose his place .
thank you , she said as everyone took their place at the table .
she set five places , one for each of the guests staying at the three horseshoes .
mary went to the kitchen and got the dishes for another place setting .
the table was set with two places , and anne realized she had been invited to dinner .
do nt be a scaredy - cat , claire , bethan called , as she took her place in the queue .
eamar entered and headed for the table , followed by ryan , who took a place near the door , where he would wait until dismissed .
superintendent boss hogg hicks took his place center court and ushered the girl away to join her team .
in a shimmering silver dress and four - inch stiletto high - heels , tila took the microphone adam presented to her and hurried past the ladies to take her place in the eyes of the cameras , comfortable under all of the lights where she soaked up the accolades of the audience looking down on her from the stands .
there before marc , tomika took her place aside danielle on the stage now rid of the furniture .
all , but felicia slid out of their places to chase after .
trecille and tomika took seats with the clamoring crowd of residents in the pews while jina followed a bailiff to her place at a podium sitting between the audience and the judges bench .
the ladies made the walk to the international arrivals area and took their places in the queue of many other tourists waiting to get their identification verified , but though the line was fairly lengthy , the multiple agents on duty kept everything moving apace .
in professor greens class , a debate of another kind was taking place , and anticipation mounted as the opposing parties took their places at the front of the room .
in professor greens class , a debate of another kind was taking place , and anticipation mounted as the opposing parties took their places at the front of the room .
the trench coat men bounced in their places , muttering sugar walls repeatedly and snickering .
a large glistening red jewel took pride of place in the middle of the table .
the bishop and jarvis marched into the court room and took their places alongside judge collins at the bench .
sheriff dunwoody took his place in the center of the line and they came up over the small rise and into the valley .
of course i gave her the chance to change venues for it ; i could just imagine presidents and millionaires sat on plastic chairs amongst the headstones , and watching us live on a big screen , although at least i was guaranteed a place indoors if it was raining , but no , she had already told her friends and they had both said that they would be there , so that was two of the indoor seats taken up , and i tried to visualise them at the top table at the reception , now that would get us on the front page of vogue ( again ) .
lotshe said , indicating a place across from him in which to sit .
only a few seconds after mike left , taylor filled his place , food in hand .
get him a place at one of the lunch tables .
billy , from his place with the businessmen , raised his hand and called out , you hold up , cheeks .
now please , take your places and enjoy .
hunching under its low ceiling , we quickly found a place amidst the thick crowd of locals .
fine china , expensive looking crystal , and silver place settings were added .
to prevent any bad guys from trying to swap places with us during the pick - up , major phelps wanted us to have a code word .
once he had left , veronica and lord quinn resumed their places at the table .
the company hurried into their places at the enormous table , sitting upon golden plated grand chairs surrounding the white clothed woodwork .
it looked like he had ordered the table , what was impossible , because he could n't foresee such a situation , but he went directly to this table he saw and waited for her to sit down before he took his place .
dead roses hung limply off the side of vases before each place setting .
although i could hardly blame evan and his lack of effort , as i was sure watching your best friend getting intense attention from an obvious player , while your girlfriend looked on longingly , as if she wanted to trade places , could n't be easy .
candy looked helpless on the occasion , a middle - aged fat man , rushed to her place , and seemed to do some impolite behavior .
he pulled the chair out for me , and then took his place across from me .
maria had taken sam 's place in the helicopter , and domingo was with sam in the cab of the lead truck .
good morning , mother , he said , hugging the frustrated woman before hurrying to his place at the table .
bestot sat down in his usual place at the old , plain oak table , to the left of his father .
but nina was not here , i ve tried to locate her but her place was vacant !
the moment they laid eyes on me they broke into a panic and i watched as the whole place erupted .
matt smiled guiltily and took his place across the table from her .
he was nt sure in the end if she had thought better of it or had merely been worn down by his relentless planning , but when the day came , she stood sobbing in the doorway while jeanette took her place on the wagon beside her father .
from the first article shed submitted to him while she still lived in berkeley , he d been nothing but encouraging , even helping her find a place in phoenix when shed made the move south .
melissa settled into her fiancs embrace , and her faded copy took her place at geoffreys side .
recess over , josie stopped by the da 's table , shook her head , then took her place at the defense table .
tanya , as was her right , reorganized the cave to make places for all .
so intent was he on an article that he failed to notice his grandson taking his place at the table .
the master of the house replied , as he took his place at the head of the table .
cyanna asked as she took her place next to james .
james and miko took their place in line .
few tables offered more than one vacant place .
brandywine , now clad in his dress uniform , took his place at one end and natasha at the other .
since there obviously was nt enough place settings for the number of guests , an abundant buffet was set up .
two intoxicated strangers took their place in the front seats .
he left the line in time to see rodolpho take his place in a slow moving line between octavio and another worker .
sandra led him to a circle of girls while their boyfriends took their places in back of them .
she took her place beside him .
he smiled when he saw that the immigration men were still in their places and had not noticed him .
last but very important : sadly , the funeral for wong lee will take place in durham county tomorrow at the everlasting arms cemetery at 11:00 am .
they worked for over an hour setting all the tables , filing all the pitchers with water , setting out small trays of butter , and folding clean white napkins into nice triangles at each place setting .
one of the elders , sitting in the most prominent place , asked in a voice that rang with surprising strength and resonance , if she claims to be an ekulan , she must have parents among us , or not ?
soon after , they began to relax as each found a place in a section of the flar .
he was quickly offered a place of honor and downy - swan was happy to present him with delicacies .
as brenna returned to her place , valerie was taken aback to see alvars father , baldur move to the front .
mary - lou , who had been given one , even though she had taken a place sitting behind the men , had to hold her breath to avoid spluttering .
i find my place card with my name sondra standing next to the beau named senn , without his last name being pronounced along with the other teens .
i scoot around her then see the red - colored place card with my name .
dominick instantly realized that he was the only person in the place , other than the dancer , in full view , and from the jeers and catcalls coming from all around him , it appeared that the place had filled up rather suddenly .
the ratings of the station have been considerably low in the past year she opened the trunk of the car for toji to place his bag in it , then moved ahead and sat in the driving seat , while her husband sat next to her , and their daughter took her place in the back .
an old , very skinny man with short grey hair in a military - style buzz cut stepped in and carefully tiptoed his way into one of the empty places near the pit .
soon everyone was at their places , but still they waited .
they are almost here , and corrigan is waiting for them to take a place .
all available places have already been assigned and allocated .
tomakon had kept a place beside himself for the shaman of the standing - rock clan .
they took their places conscious of many sideways glances thrown in their direction but also of much avoidance of eye contact .
hhmmm , chaiko murmured sympathetically as he watched his brother retreat to his place .
i opened two of the windows to create a cross - draught and set a place for dinner at the kitchen table .
rations are not low , but we will need more nonetheless when we relocate , grahn continues , eying the two youngest members of the group as they take their place in the semicircle .
knowing any protest he offers will only be met with even more longwinded lectures , the young man simply takes his place opposite his teacher in the otherwise empty structure .
sorry i m late , he exhales , taking his place amongst his peers .
princess , the maid , sat in her place of honour in her sunday best , and supervised her daughters all night long , pouring drinks and cleaning up .
a place had been set next to hers with an elegant linen placemat .
he took his place behind joe .
ah puch took his place back in single file , now behind chancho instead of ahead .
he grabbed his stick and the guards took their places .
the entire place went wild as renegades lifted gisbo from his chair and passed him along on top of the crowd as if he were a rock star .
gisbo gritted his teeth as ranto eyeballed him , taking the place next to roarie with his other renegara friends .
a few minutes later she 's back with a tray from which she slaps down two printed paper place mats , two sets of napkin wrapped silverware , two glasses of ice water , two steaming coffee cups and one mini pitcher of cream .
he walked to the drivers door and said , we have to get moving , and took his place in the captains seat .
i took my place at the end of the line as i examined the gym more closely .
actually , falkyr , if madam eloise has nt already warned you , most of this unofficial trade takes place at the beggin inn .
basha stopped and leaned forward to catch his breath , inhaling the horrible stench of horse balnor as he took his place at the end of the last line .
the girls and the boys had switched places .
lo wiped his mouth with the napkin , then pushed the bowl slightly up and away from his place setting , and laid the napkin proper to the side .
when lo passed through the door of the ship 's formal dining room , he was greeted warmly by the maitre d ' and shown to a large round table set perfectly with seven opulent place settings .
she was only twenty - four and had secured first a place in the fbi , then a slot in the bsi when one opened .
one by one the adepts made their way onto the stage and took their places , one behind each of the boys .
jane hoped there would be a place to sit as she wandered the little room , and bumped into a chair when she turned a chair that was nt there before .
standing up abruptly , she began to arrange place settings at the table to disguise the motion .
the delicious aroma of chocolate , caramel , and nuts prevented her from immediately noticing there were four place settings instead of two .
jakes place was at the foot , and he took his mark , as if he were a prop on a stage .
jake would have never done that if they had split a place and it slowly wore on his nerves .
serena takes her place beside nerin , much closer to the king than they were before .
she takes her place at the end of the line .
serena keeps her eyes on murphy , until she takes her place beside him .
as the council members come in , they take their place at the mid - platform .
he looked down at parvark who stood a few places behind him .
they returned to their places for an eager audience .
ipid beamed and patted him on the back before taking his place at the front of the crowd next to milne , who was the only one sitting .
countless more small shapes bubbled from the shadows to take the first ones place .
isabella , as usual , was driving and the others were in their usual places , but this time they were joined by their agent 's son , dave , who was sitting in the back between leah and maryann .
when the stranger moved to take one of their places , whisper grabbed ian by the shirt - collar and all but shoved him onto the boat , which rocked dangerously as the riverkeeper knocked the third figure away from the wooden raft with an oar .
for a moment neither spoke , and the raven - eater gleefully took his place just behind whisper to watch the death of the one who could nt produce him a male heir .
as i sat down , bakar and cynthia came through the doors , and took their places next to us .
memories of richards death took their place in the gruesome queue , another layer of grief .
asked the king , indicating to the place beside eben .
enormous multitudes witnessed the experiment , and there was a struggle for places in the car .
elec climbed the spiral stairwell to take his place in the rear section of the hall .
elec watched as the wedding party reached the beautifully carved platform at the front and took their places .
with that , they eagerly took their places at the table and ravenously attacked their breakfast .
as he took his place next to matt in the dimly lit theater , the pre - preview commercials cycling , he tried to fathom what he was doing there .
three hunched over goblins , all waiting for fryxs cue , scrambled from their places and hauled large black sacks to the base of the podium .
oh gods , there is nt a decent seat in this whole damn place !
they d stayed so long that dyane had her servants prepare extra places for dinner .
the morning after liams arrival , the gates were flung open to cheers and an instant struggle for a place in line .
dardan and amira were the honored guests , and francine and garen and the other mages were given places at the high table .
` ` now , '' the woman continued , ` ` you will take your places on the platform . ''
` ` i , isobel of the red coven also offer a place . ''
margaret glowered at her from her place at the table .
helen contented herself with a place in the back .
but rest assured , if you pursue this kind of thinking , father will see an empty place at our table when all of this is over .
after killing the giant at elah , the king had only good things to say about david and took the youth into the palace and gave him a place at his own table .
that night david had a place made for the boy in his own tent .
moving on down from them were many levite priests , special friends and officials who had earned a place at david 's table .
come , take a place with me ! ''
i picked up a croissant and put it on my plate , ready to face the inevitable crowd to see if there was a place for me to sit by myself .
slowly , everyone returned to his or her place , including the waitress , and after a few moments everything was back to normal .
samosa rushed in to take ron 's place next to robin .
the taster completed his task and showing no immediate ill effects of being poisoned , was dismissed to return to his place with the others .
the orator nodded and took his place below the emperor 's box , which allowed him to be heard throughout the entire amphitheater .
smidge immediately straightened up and ran out of the restaurant , knowing that it would be some strangers come from out of town , with everyone in the vicinity already forewarned about the mayoral debate taking place in the town square , and no one would have missed that , or been late to it , unless they had some important work to do .
this will be the most amazing event to ever take place in lasticall , azonis said as he stood on his balcony overlooking the city .
every place was set , and the plates were piled high with various assortments of body parts .
a tall , very handsome man with short brown hair , that was threatening to finally flop over into his eyes if he did nt get it cut soon , was sauntering toward our table like he owned the place .
and he drops , forty feet down into the aisle , landing lightly on his feet and the crowd goes absolutely insane as he sings along to his recorded voice , walking unimpeded to the stage because they love him here and they respect him , so no one rushes him because that would be unseemly , and so he reaches the apron of the stage and the girl holds out a blood - streaked arm and he takes her hand and hops nimbly onto the stage , and they sing it as a duet , she knows all the choreography , and the others fall into their places , acting it out just like in the movie .
in the shifting light , i saw six empty places .
again , neither took note of me as they passed , but i caught the rich scent of the blue - gowned ladys perfume as she assumed her place at table with the elders .
dipping his head in thanks , lord garett assumed his place at the end of one line of elders , directly across from where i stood .
the place at that persons left would be filled by the pronconcil woman in blue , while to his right would be situated the woman in yellow .
the only two members not previously gathered , high - chiefs garett and ilgard , moved to take their places at the council table , leaving me in the chair at the tables foot .
there are two vacant places at the head table .
the manitou rangers took their places on stage , and within a minute 's time they were playing ` ` amy . ''
she finally found her place at the opposite end of the dining hall amongst a table of other first year students .
scarlett felt the sudden urge to run to kat and pull her off to swap places with her , but she stayed frozen .
she took her place behind the table , next to anna , who had astounded her mother when she announced she would help keira at the market that day .
morriah , his family and i were part of the crowd that surrounded the altar ; all watching what would take place .
penella took her place at daros left , shooting an enquiring glance at daro as she did so .
by torchlight parents took their children on board , found them a place on the hastily - erected bunks and set their packs down .
after the mages had been invited to take a place at the table centered in the wide , carpeted room , the aging soldier seated himself as well .
at midday bulkington filed along the shadow - pooled corridor to the refectory and sat silently at his place .
i can see the fat , repulsive man at the counter is still in his place .
sir iopie took his place beside brye , and in front of me .
take your places , chax instructed and i looked at him .
the other two nodded and retained their places .
a few minutes later he returned , resuming his place next to vi .
- remembered he was playing a chick and exchanged a high - five with his alter ego as she stepped into her place .
i ca nt stop visualising aarons face , so i pick up the book off the floor and fumble for my place , pulling at the curtain so i can read the text without straining my eyes .
you speak the truth , but likewise , if you lived in a coastal town which was under siege and the last ship to leave port was taking highest bids for places on the boat , having a thousand gold crowns would be worth more than a flask of water , value is only ever decided by needs .
the feast was taking place in the large hall , which made up the majority of the front of the large building .
i think i should have a place at the table .
from the right a sword split a mataran in half , drawing again quickly , and kertia took his place beside cora .
then , finally and as expected by the defending army , the queen of matara walked from within the city , adri by her side , to the front ranks and took her place with carrta .
three hundred people came to the telling , there were four hundred people , maybe , and kaakik stood unmoving as they made places for themselves .
as the lines walk past , the priests take their place behind them , with their staff in hand .
she also wants to see the river god ceremony , so we need to make a place for her .
the prince strolled into the ballroom , bowing respectfully to his parents , before taking his place by the king 's side .
the chamberlain motioned the musicians to resume their playing and then he took his place beside the prince .
although there were two empty seats , there were place settings for six diners .
angie frowned at the place settings , it appears that you are expecting additional guest .
i shake my head at them but they would nt hear of switching places to sit together .
jackie is sitting in my place and i close my eyes for a brief moment .
john has always taken up place there , while liam would take a seat next to lilly and i on the left .
lilly , jarrod , joshlyn and edward arrive in a motion blur , silently taking up their place towards the back .
agape , the young lord allowed himself to be herded to his place and tried to remember names as he was introduced to half the population of the planet .
he has his own habitual place at the table , between marie - claude and her radical teenage brother laurent .
she ignored him ; he took his place at his father 's left side .
when he took his place next to oos , the silence remained .
chris and susie rushed to take their places , half expecting another false alarm .
it was some twenty feet tall , and all along its top were men with bows in hand all jostling to get a place .
the two archers nodded and took their places beside her .
the assorted dinner guests went to their places anyway , and lyaness guided lyght and mikael to seats on opposite sides of the mysterious guard .
soon the magisters , the highest - ranking mages , entered in the golden robes that were reserved for these high - ranking men and women , and took their place on the platform .
glissimillaria was less than pleased at her daughters condition , but was somewhat mollified that a wedding was to take place after all .
adan slept for the rest of the day , waking only to eat , thus did jace pass the evening in relative peace and obscurity , but the new apprentices did anything but , sitting at the ladys table in a place of honor , beaming like the new risen sun in their excitement and joy .
hawk was at brianes side the moment she rose from her place while jace and adan were nowhere to be seen , a sign she felt somehow prophetic of things to come , that somehow they must now grow apart , but she laid aside this disquieting thought as she took hawks arm and allowed him to escort her off to one side of the room where a few of the older apprentices had gathered , however they were not to make it to their intended destination without a delay or two .
the place settings have been set thanks to the twins .
my original goal was to save up and have a place before school started .
she took her place next to her husband .
i immediately change my place because of the fortune teller womans explosive voice : if beans are two , you will have both good and bad news .
as soon as seeing that suleyman immediately sat his own place , cigan relaxes his face , and turns the women , and however he does , he stretches his mouth , laughing as hihi - hehe , as if nothing happened , says i am sorry about that i fuck your jaw !
rhea made her way to my bed and sat , she tapped the spot beside her and i took my place .
i nervously took my place and waited for my fate .
then the men settled into their places and he was ordinary again .
kitto , the half - goblin sidhe , had already moved back to his place .
nicca looked at the other men , and said , ` ` places , gentlemen . ''
the three of them entered the dining hall in time to get the last of the food prepared by the kitchens that morning , but just as they found a place at one of the round tables , running footsteps approached .
father squid beckoned , and tach took his place at the lectern .
there was a bowl of chili and a burger at one side of the table , a rare steak and a bowl of fries laid in the place across from it .
that evening shadow laid an extra place at the table .
he put a glass at each place , and a bottle of jameson gold in the middle of the table .
shadow raised his glass to the empty place at the table .
we started down the aisle to find a place to sit .
i stutter on a key word and lose my place .
i can go places a bigger vehicle ca n't . ''
` ` i promise you we will have enough fighting today , however late we enter the fray , '' laurence said , leaping into temeraire 's waiting claw with a speed that belied his counsel of patience , and swinging himself rapidly into place with the aid of granby 's outstretched hand ; all the crew were already in their places , the prussian officers no less than the british , and badenhaur , who was trained as a signal - officer , sat anxiously beside laurence 's own place .
iskierka , who had so far miraculously slept through all the bustle , had the comfortable warm place up against the wall of the barracks ' kitchens ; one of arkady 's lieutenants was bending down to nudge her away .
ellen shoved aside the unfinished dress , making a place for isis .
she 'd already made sandwiches for us too , so i thanked her and took my place at the table .
they 'd pushed the mercedes two - seater down the drive , started it up , and gone for a ride , changing places , each taking the wheel .
which is why i want to give it some more time ... and then maybe we 'll trade places . ''
tachyon took his place behind the lectern and pulled out a handkerchief to wipe at his eyes .
tachyon stepped from the podium and made his way back to his place in the pew and brennan suddenly realized that , like tachyon , tears were running down his cheeks , too .
` ` if i get my ass fired over this - ` ` ` ` always a place for you at callender and garza , my friend .
the lights went dim , the audience erupted into applause , and one by one i saw the band leaving the backstage area to walk onto the stage , a spotlight shining down on each of them as they took their place .
he did n't let go of me until we found a place at the back of the crowd , everyone hushed together in front of us , strangers in the dark .
across the way , dark figures moved across the stage , taking their places .
the system worked quite well and , as happens in such cases , had taken on the status of a tradition , lectures clearly took place , because they were down there on the timetable in black and white .
and they could hear the extra exclamation marks , born of a sort of desperate despairing jollity , slot into place .
but then there 'd been all that milling around at the door , people changing places , treading on one another 's robes , nipping back to the privy , walking into one another ...
but when a banquet is spread before them , it 's time to argue over the place settings .
so much of the city 's life took place on the street because there was no room for it inside .
he said , trying not to lose his place .
she swept into the great hall and found no place had been set in front of the royal chair .
i thought , we ' ve got to get a place somewhere , with comfortable seats for the gentry , people who do n't throw potatoes at the stage .
even worse , as soon as they stepped inside , the entire place fell silent , all eyes turning toward them , watching them with suspicion .
` ` dinner is about to take place .
avoiding my eyes like they shot lasers , william turned and jogged back to the front of the line , taking his place between nathanial and his father .
i had to remind myself how to walk as i made my way to my table , situated directly across the dance floor from the council table , and as i found my place seating from the sand dol ar cal igraphied with my name , i found i was directly across from wil iam .
my place is next to you , i said , stepping into him and resting my head over his chest .
bowls were brought for the prisoners , and their hands were untied to allow them to eat for themselves for once , their captors less wary with so large a company around them ; and in the celebratory bustle , mrs . erasmus was able to slip away from kefentse to join them once again : he had been given pride of place beside the dragon egg , and presented a large cow to eat ; and they seemed to hold the evening 's entertainment until he had finished .
iskierka however had crammed herself in among the formation , and in particular had seized the place along the starboard rail where temeraire preferred to nap .
when they got to within a mile of the prison , jim pulled over in the town just before the institution and they traded places .
` ` anyone want to switch places ? ''
i mouthed thank you to her then promptly sat down in her place .
i took my place next to ada and the twins , with the ` ` adults '' on the other side of the table .
we 'll switch places .
have a place set for me . ''
as soon as he was gone , others began to leave the table to attend to their duties , but jonathon jeffers remained in his place , lost in thought , staring off across the cabin .
marsh plopped down heavily and scowled at the empty place across from him .
the insectlike vord swarmed up the table 's legs in neat ranks , setting a place for the queen , for invidia ... ... and for someone who was apparently to sit at the queen 's right hand .
prepare three places . ''
then brandon sat next to me while nash and mr . worthington took their places in paisley - patterned chairs .
one by one , the boys filled out the entry forms and took their places onstage .
we did , and when the thin man had left and no one had taken his place in the waiting room , we waited some more .
the girls washed their hands and took their places , and iona and i carried the food to the table .
she put the tray down on a nearby table and began getting the children into their places and sorting out the food .
` ` thank you , '' he said , the only possible reply , and took the place next to her ; she poured coffee for him and added half a spoonful of sugar and cream each , exactly to his tastes .
but as he came in , several fellows made room for him ; he gladly took the opened place , and returned the nods of greeting around the room before he laid himself down .
peeta 's name is drawn , and he quietly takes his place .
cinna invites me to sit on one of the couches and takes his place across from me .
anyway , there 's not much chance for interaction now , as we walk single - file to our seats and take our places .
we all follow him to the table and take our places .
` ` better take our places . ''
i do n't know where a simple bow and arrow could possibly find a place in all this high - tech equipment , but then we come upon a wall of deadly archery weapons .
i brush off her concerns about my ribs , and we take our places in the line .
blue jeans had their place , but it was not in aces high , and her sneakers were unbearably ratty .
the company took their places in the boats as before .
his place is empty and he has not eaten . '
other customers began coming to the windows and peering out until soon the entire clientele of the cafe was pushing for a place by the long line of windows that ran along the back .
early in the assembly 's history - perhaps ten months before - the nobility had sent servants to reserve seats for them , or had bribed people to give up their places .
vin waited respectfully , elend noticed , until elend was seated before taking her place .
was philen not as good as any of the ` ` noblemen '' sitting aloofly in their places ?
he noticed her arrival , and glanced over with a smile , but then turned back to his notations - apparently not wanting to lose his place .
elend paused a distance from the high table , with its white cloth and pure crystal place settings .
elend did n't wait for permission to come to the table , but he did pause and wait as yomen waved for servants to clear space and set elend a place directly across the high table from him .
only jonty and one other red cap stayed back with me , though every red cap who had come out tonight - a dozen of them - had touched me before they went to take their place in the ranks .
` ` i did n't see you in the stands last night , '' he said , taking a place at the opposite end of the table .
they bundled weston out of the seat - he was crying like a child - and devine took his place .
the hags normally stood at their own king 's back , but sholto had a new place to sit .
i looked up into the goblins ' faces , and they gave a small bow , just from the neck , and both moved to take the places we 'd bargained for , at my feet .
ramon took his place on the sidecar , and , in an instant , with a dizzying lurch , they were airborne .
i took her place at the registers , silently fuming at that jerk alec .
other minor characters from the books also had places on the display , though less noticeably so than the leads .
you go trade places with bashful at the head of the line .
the wedding was taking place at our home , so there was enough work ( along with my own preparation ) to almost keep me distracted .
people gave them a wide berth as they found their place in the middle of the crowded floor .
i ' m offering you a place on the right side .
she had already been told firmly by her parents that bod was imaginary and that there was nothing at all wrong with that - her mother had , for a few days , even insisted on laying an extra place at the dinner table for bod - so it came as no surprise to her that bod also had imaginary friends .
i sighed and slipped in the door , taking my place in the long line .
at least we were allowed beneath the roof , dunk thought as he took his place on the bench between ser maynard plumm and kyle the cat .
in the end , the boy took his place below the salt with the rest of them , his mouth sullen .
nobody seemed sure if they should clap as max took his place at the podium .
the rest of them exchanged glances and settled back more comfortably into their places .
along with joe 's kid 's menu , the place mat also depicted a map of arizona that kids could color while waiting for their food .
maybe i should have had more of a hand in this , but hey , i 'd been the one who had to choke down joe 's crap tex - mex food in order to score the place mat .
riley had left the right side of the table entirely for the chinese guests , and had them shown to places there , but they did not move to sit when he and the officers did , which left the british in confusion , some men already half - seated and trying to keep themselves suspended in mid - air .
she inclined her head courteously and flicked a talon against a standing bell nearby to summon servants ; the attending dragons shifted their places to make room for laurence and temeraire on her right , and the human servants brought laurence a comfortable chair .
qian presided at the center of the northern end of the court , prince mianning and chuan on her left , and a place for temeraire and the british party reserved upon her right .
a huge cake , decorated with bats , cockroaches , and other animals , sat in the place of honor .
as luxa took her place , what little conversation there had been in the arena ceased .
gregor spotted luxa and took a place near her .
somehow everyone had found a place , but it was tight .
' madame says there 's a place saved for you in the front row , ' said juliet .
team players to their places , ' said the archchancellor of brazeneck , haughtily .
there was a second place set at the table , presumably for the nameless gray sister .
` ` given their places unlawfully ! ''
she 'd marked a place with a small slip of paper , the very same now - worn note that herid had sent to rand shortly before the murder .
just four days back , bennae nalsad had all but offered egwene a place in the brown , and egwene was still surprised at how vigilantly suana recommended the yellow to her .
i secured a place in a merchant caravan traveling northward toward cairhien .
it looked almost empty with so few places taken .
egwene did not look at sheriam , who sat in her place to the side .
she 'd been forced into this life , shoving other threads aside , taking an unexpected place .
everyone had their place except morgase .
nobody seemed to notice his withdrawal other than yukiri , who eagerly stepped up and took his place beside egwene .
i saw my aunts and bruria , our refugee , take their places .
they took their place beside joseph .
pushed and shoved , we took our places as close to joseph as we could , james struggling to control his sons , menachim , isaac , and shabi .
the rabbi took his usual place in his chair to joseph 's right .
she went into a cheerful little cafe , and he saw her take her place at a table inside the front window alone .
felix stood at the large eastern entrance of the pavilion greeting each and every person coming in , and reuben quickly took his place beside him .
all over the library , the main room , and the conservatory people were eating , many with the aid of little folding tray tables covered with white battenberg place mats , and the young catering staff refilled wine , and cleared away old glasses and coffee cups .
laura was shifting places with thibault , and then with hockan and then with sergei and then with another and another until she stood beside reuben .
laura had taken up her place on the other side of him from reuben .
reuben was in his usual place , to the right of margon , and laura sat beside reuben .
and as soon as the table was laid with the pheasant , the chicken roasted with honey , and the thick broiled steaks seasoned in butter and garlic , the servants came in and took their places for the blessing said in a quiet voice by felix .
i pulled a woman who looked to be about baba 's age out of her place , and morales carried a three - year - old and hustled his worried mom ahead of him .
` ` want to change places ? ''
they took their places , glancing over their shoulders as darkfest followed them into the room .
casey smiled at me as i watched allie glide past and take her place up front .
i did n't have a place in new orleans unless georgina had gotten me one without telling me .
i took his place with casey .
i 'd have been more than happy to find a place for the night with her , but that was n't in the cards .
but it was n't a play , and instead there was just the sound of shuffling and chairs creaking and mints being unwrapped , as minna 's cousin , greg , came silently up the aisle and took his place behind the microphone .
laura seated herself on the other side from kathryn and down five places , and launched herself into a conversation with the heavily freckled woman next to her .
after sitting down , she found that the younger fitzwilliam had taken a place beside her .
she expected dean to take his place beside her and was surprised when he did not .
as she took her place in the carriage , which was now a familiar setting to her , she felt a new confidence in her role as a male .
agnes and charlotte followed suit , and a short time later , everyone had taken their places at the table .
so , he began , taking his place beside frances , what have you ladies been gossiping about ?
francess place was conspicuously left vacant , and no attempt was made to disguise the fact that she had once claimed that place at the table .
a place had already been set for him at the table with spoon , knife , napkin and a tankard of hard cider .
he nodded to maureen , phillip , their children , and the minister before taking his place on the second bench , sitting next to evelyn and putting his arm around her .
then the other day an old friend named simmons went sour on me and you blistered me for grabbing your place when all i wanted was to keep your damn picture on schedule .
as they prepare their place , a few of the people that are already settled , come over to welcome the newcomers .
once inside padre marco headed for the altar , and galileo took a place among the throng that had gathered for the service .
she took her place beside her tall and smiling bridegroom .
elizabeth took her place at the table and reached for her husbands hand .
a frown marred his features when he saw that three places had been set at the large oaken table .
she looked pointedly at the third place set across from her .
but before she could turn to leave , he was setting her chair to right and gently guiding her back to her place at the table .
numbed with confusion , she silently allowed him to seat her and watched as he returned to his place at the head of the table .
julia hesitated by the rail before following the other ladies to their allotted place .
responded di - li as she took her place at the rough table , how s that effect me ?
as the orchestra struck the first chords and the chorus girls took their places , she tried to remember everything he had told her : the gasp at the beginning when marguerite discovers the jewels and flowers left by faust should be clearly heard , but not overdone ; though the aria starts fairly loud , it crescendos all the way until the end ; the especially high note in the chorus is a d , not a c mademoiselle , moaned mercier , breaking through her thoughts , you missed the opening line !
gilbert rose from his chair at the head of the table and went to where brother john sat , my place is now yours .
i was sitting in a place of honor by the central hearththe place reserved for the chieftain or a warrior who s been chosen as champion of the tribe .
the tarisllwyth took a place near the middle of the procession of learned ones .
mirza nuruddin motioned away the portuguese captain , his doublet stained with wine , who waited to take his place at the board .
the servants also distributed garlands of yellow flowers , and as nadir sharif took his place next to hawksworth , he wrapped one of the garlands about his left wrist .
the others followed behind and took their places at the table .
at least , i think it must have been real , because they did nt try to be charming or pay me compliments out loud or beg a place beside me at supper .
i eventually found a place on the upper deck , where holding to the cordage and the railings i somehow managed to survive the nausea and the seasickness .
huw moved on round the table to help his sister into her place .
inside the light from the brass lamps hanging above the pews was dimmed by the cold brightness of the november sun illuminating the stained glass windows as the mourners took their places behind george who sat alone in the front pew .
getting a good place in the dinner line is a push - and - shove , kiss - my - ass daily contest .
i could nt see any signs , but the way people went to particular places , i got the impression seats were practically assigned .
neither of us ate much of our lunch that day , nor did we return to our places in the library .
maintaining her surveillance of those finding their way into the semi - dark room , nellie elbowed julie 's arm and pointed to a guy searching for a place to sit .
rita reclaimed her place at the table , giving nellie a wink .
it was obvious i was nt going to be able to slip around him , so i stepped onto center stage and took my place in whatever scene he was in the midst of creating .
the next round of waiting would take place at the state penitentiary in joliet , a place not conducive to life .
dan took his place among the men , who discussed important business matters and politics with an enthusiasm to match that of the women jabbering about children .
mr . sullivan had a place of prominence in a box to the left of the stage , directly across the theatre from mayor harrison and his party .
one older neighbor that mehi hardly knew waved away someone to take his place next to mehi .
as verney strode toward us to take his place behind father , and before anyone on either side the elegant and time consuming introductions that always take place before large meetings , the great doors opened again , and the bright light , as well as dozens of filthy scottish peasants , flooded inward in a great tide .
the long table was set for three , but the third place was empty .
then she saw the place setting for three , which seemed odd since she had nt specifically told annabelle that she would be returning that morning , and there was nt anything cooking on the stove .
we swap places , so he s wedged in the middle now .
she took her place next to adam , eyes locked on mine .
mr . kennedys place was not set at the table , and though he was curious , he dared not ask any questions until she spoke .
he took his place at the dining room table which shone brilliantly under the lead crystal candelabra .
after some pleasant conversation , their host asked his guests to take the places he appointed them .
the polite discussion continued until aspasia announced that they should all take their places for dinner .
he had assured phidias that a place was waiting for him at the lyceum .
within minutes he and mason were sitting in their places waiting for becky to have a seat .
he took his place along the side of the pool with the other beginners : two old spanish ladies who could have been politely described as full - figured , but to ben 's eyes , when they stood side by side , they embodied the ' two fat ladies ' of bingo fame : number eighty eight .
the two women exchanged pleasantries , bought their tickets , and took their places on the train bound for mercedes .
she walked to center stage and took up her place .
she brushed her hair in long strokes but paused for a moment as she recalled taking her place on stage and seeing that lord kelthorne had been in attendance .
she took up her place beside margaret in the wings .
judith ignored him , taking her place on the cushioned seat in the wagon in which the ladies rode together .
margaret asked betty to trade places with her and once seated beside judith , took shelly from her .
they returned to their places , the crowd now in frenzy .
just as adrians parents were getting settled into their assigned places , roland , casting nervous glances about as if the king himself would come and reprimand him for his disloyalty by his attendance of the princes dinner , raleigh came in .
murray appeared in short order , filling his wine glass and setting a place for him .
they took their places at the altar , maggie slipping into the front pew , where she stood , head bowed and silent .
the few villagers that had arrived early enough to secure a place inside had squeezed on to benches or stood against the walls .
the ground floor and first floor are usually crowded with hordes of people vying for a place .
yes , please , answered rafiq and offered him a place .
then he and three other defendants took their places before the magistrate called for quiet .
after the royal family passed , those assembled found their respective places , richard took his place on the dais , stood at the head table , and raised a glass .
as he looked out over the assembled guests , he thought to himself that there were many men present who would give their souls to trade places with him .
as he did , he took a look back and to see richard take his place in the chair beside andrews bed , and drop his head in his hands .
when the pageboy finished laying out the meal , he took up his place behind richard .
when at last anne finished her confession , richard resumed his place next to her and the cardinal took a seat at the window .
the three of us have our wedding dresses , but the service will take place in the back parlor .
she wracked her brain for her place .
luc pointed for her to take her place by her brother .
silver glittered near the china place settings .
he nods , happier than i ve seen him all morning , as we move to take our place in line .
with the island of martinique in view , diana instructs , everyone get in your places .
alma and amelia took their usual places around the table along with their father .
as ridge and lott found places at the table , rosalie and her mother went in the kitchen and brought out the last of the food .
they were the only personal relationships that claimed his affections and that was because they already had places there when dana was destroyed .
there was a deep silence , gloomier than the dusk itself , before abozi called out , ' hey , anagina , change places with me .
as he turned to take his place at the card table , the low rumble of awed discussion was already beginning in the saloon .
everybody had plenty of time to get that way , because most of them had found their places two and three hours earlier to insure that they would be on hand to see this memorable show .
yes , there had been initial panic and a few folks were embarrassed , but most held their places ( often locked in place like us ) , and almost all were around for the final moments of song .
elise spent much of the afternoon in the kitchen helping her mother , but when she was free she found a place next to me and we held hands .
yes sir i do your honor , i dismounted with a few men and ascended the steps to his place .
he clambered into a place hardly long enough for his height , and pulled the blanket over his ears to lessen the incessant engine noise .
the first thing meg noticed was that the table had three place settings , not two .
mary and garrett took their places upon the foot - board .
since spreading the ten of us out evenly around the table would have been ridiculous there would have been four or five feet of space between each person gabrielle had set the table to that all the places were set in the middle of the table .
elise asked her to keep setting the table , but to set seven places , since she hoped jean and gabrielle and gustav would join us .
one of the women motioned to the visitors to sit in an open spot next to the chiefs family , a sitting place that had been left open just for them .
their second wedding took place in the luminous warmth of an early summer night at jennifers house , a victorian - era home where the rose - filled backyard glowed with white christmas lights , candles and incense burning all around .
vick and matt had finished their inquiries in franklin earlier than expected the previous afternoon , and instead of paying for a place to sleep in town , they decided to ride a few miles north and find a place to camp .
i think margaret has a place selected for you . ''
each unit came down off the bridge and took their place in the next row .
finally , as the last of the soldiers took their places in line , ( how long had the first rows been standing ?
the sow and her eleven piglets rushed to it and shoved one another as they fought for a place at their breakfast table .
that night i take my place at the table for the evening meal in fear that i will make a fool of myself .
the edith b holds the place of honor as she sits dead center with all the other ships having their bows pointing toward her in a large semicircle .
they entered the dining room to find two places set with very expensive looking silver and china such as dillon had never seen except for at the mcgee home .
so places were set for the visiting couple after dillon assured nanny that it was ok to dine as usual ; that the morrows were good folks .
* * * the house always seemed to be busy these days ; there were senate elections , and this time , there were a hundred new places to be filled .
by and by , everyone who had crowded around the table had their plates full , and all were engaged in seeking places to sit to devour the comestibles .
i yawned and went and found a place beside eduard .
i would n't share a place at the table with you , much less my bed .
you better tell wong to prepare for an extra place at the table .
doctor richards wearily mounted the steps of the wooden platform and took his place at the stand .
i am in haste to get the assent of the saints in this matter , as i must be in pittsburgh in a short time at this moment sidneys speech was interrupted by the entrance of several of the apostles , who walked down the aisles and took their place on the stand .
josiah quincy sat down , and joseph took his place before the group amid polite applause .
william law sat down to polite applause and sidney rigdon took his place at the stand .
the prison constable took his place next to the dark - suited man and bawled out : awright , youse scurvy , pestilent bummes !
the lawyers and their clients took their places inside the fenced off area nearest the judges bench , apart from the spectators .
filing in behind the justices were attorney general john nelson , the court clerk and deputy clerk , and the court reporter , who all took their places below the mahogany railing that separated the justices from the rest of humanity .
lady littlefield curtseyed shyly and took her place an appropriate distance away from him at the table .
a sweet feminine voice said , excuse me , i was nt sure if i had the right place .
i just do nt have a lot of space right now , but i can always find a place for these two .
they sat at the high table , hugh in his elaborately carved chair , eleanor on his left and robert in the place of honor on his right , along with sir miles de gournay , hughs steward , and half a dozen other notables .
the knights who were closest to the arrow slit pushed forward to fill the place vacated by de fougres .
he grabbed the other mans arm and pulled him along to the dais where a place lay waiting for him at the table .
she sat at the high table between her husband and the earl , who had insisted that she have the place of honor , which was his seat , at longswords right .
i hope you put her in her place , my lord !
he glanced back at the chaos surrounding the breakfast board and did nt see a place for himself .
ill tell her well need to set an extra place for you .
each place setting for the ten guests was set with what appeared to be very expensive china .
i ve placed name cards around the table so everyone knows where to sit , linda said , pointing to the small white linen cards at the top of each place setting .
evie takes her place at a round table which seats four .
as always , shed prepared three place settings : one for herself , one for me and the third for my deceased father .
i knew mother would be watching the very seconds on the clock , but it seemed i had no choice but to take my place at valries side .
i climbed out of the pilots seat and motioned for him to take my place .
at three tomorrow the diligence will start for bukovina ; a place on it is kept for you .
4 may -- i found that my landlord had got a letter from the countess , directing her to secure the best place on the coach for me ; but on making inquiries as to details she seemed somewhat reticent , and pretended that she could not understand my german .
we resumed our places , and dr . van helsing went on with a sort of cheerfulness which showed that the serious work had begun .
joanna harker 's journal 15 october , varna . -- we left charing cross on the morning of the 12th , got to paris the same night , and took the places secured for us in the orient express .
she does , taking her previous place next to taylor .
* * * * * quinn sat in his usual place at the leesburg starbucks and stared out the window .
margarite was all smiles when she saw him , and before he could even find his seat she had plunked a massive breakfast offering of muffins , toast , eggs , juice , steak , bacon and strawberries at his place at the dining table .
my extra bullets and a few small games , which included a deck of cards and a few dice , were set in their place next .
oh the joy she would feel when she took her place at the heart of the bridge and the heart of the town .
it was as if someday , somehow , people would return to the church and find their place among the pews while waiting patiently for the service to begin .
diana stood up right away , to ensure her place , and on the timing growled : the clothes are made of stone !
i knew mother would be watching the very seconds on the clock , but it seemed i had no choice but to take my place at valeries side .
when i called to announce dinner , griffin brought his redheaded happy - faced , new friend to the table , introduced him as mr . budge , and asked , can he have a place at the table , mommy ?
but the addition of two place settings told him they were having company .
two plastic cups finished off their place settings .
pink floyd disappeared and henry mancini took their place .
his place was in the upper right corner of the main plot .
uncle jack could nt care less if the place reserved for him , the last of the line , was never filled .
i ' ve got people calling for places already .
she peeked out the kitchen door to see most of the manor 's ladies taking their places around the table .
sofia set a place for david , but ceased setting a plate for the missing vernon .
josie took her place next to sofia .
oblivious to took place around him by in the busy canteen , ernie processed the images on the television screen until his internal clock announced that it was time to return to the operating theatre .
i got our places booked on the learjet , flyin from heathrow .
she calmly sat in her place and stared blankly up at anton after she spoke .
they had been having a hushed conversation , one that abruptly ended as she arrived and took her place between them .
he saw jeffers pull the vampire out of the drivers seat , take his place there , and back the car toward the doors .
in combss suite , there was a liveried servant and a two - person dining table with a white linen tablecloth and immaculate place settings .
jamie took her place in the passenger seat beside him .
henry kept an eye on the bullet - riddled pickup truck until sam and logan had switched places and were ready to go .
william turned his way as they approached , but samuel , seated across the table from his brother , hardly affected a movement as the waitress ushered frederick into place .
i remember entering the lecture - hall one time , with its massed rows of seats , and sprinkling of students amongst them , and , as i wandered down the steps to find a place , the professor ( a white - haired , boring old git , although , i think , quite famous ) had stopped droning on for a moment and stared at me , removing his spectacles .
sophia seated herself at the head of the table , his place setting to her right rather than at the other end , he imagined to lessen the distance between them across the huge table .
my armchair was empty , appeared empty , but i knew that he was there , he , and sitting in my place , and that he was reading .
the whole place smelled like blueberry pancakes ; those are my favorite , and my boy loves them just as much as i do .
she held a paperback on her lap with her thumb tucked in to save her place .
the place next to her was unoccupied .
she sighed happily and took her place back at her desk .
three place settings were certainly needed for father , paulette and amber .
a fourth place setting with a height chair would have been needed for little trista .
see , i have a place setting for her . ''
on the kitchen table sat a single place setting with an empty glass .
the seats are first come , first served but ill see if i can hold a place for you up front .
the actors were about to take their places , the curtains would withdraw and the lights would shine .
they ran to their platoons and took their places in their squad , as sorry as it was looking , there were noticeable gaps in the ranks , and stood at attention , waiting for the captain to address them and give them further orders .
his pecker won in the end and he headed over to his place on platte .
he looked at the bell , below which the neat legends arthur denker and no solicitors , no peddlers , no salesmen still kept their places .
they took their places awkwardly , without comfort .
without a word , anne and mrs . sentas took their places at the table .
they would come to sit in their great chairs , but the deep dark secret was , once they took their places on the council the mother possessed them .
` ` three things , '' audrey said from her place at stage- right .
a plain oak table , long enough to accommodate eight places , defined the dining area .
' i got a letter from tom mcclannahan last week , saying he was holding a place open for me .
` ` shall we take our places ? ''
barrett took his place at the table , switching on the tape recorder .
yet whenever she tried to dive deep and see the rest , a maddening image intervened : the grackles which came back each spring to new england , crowding the telephone lines , trees and rooftops , jostling for places and filling the thawing late - march air with their raucous gossip .
they lined the telephone wires and roofpeaks of the victorian houses on west broadway ; they jostled for places on the aluminum branches of the elaborate tv antenna on top of wally 's spa ; they loaded the wet black branches of the elms on lower main street .
when i told him i had a place in sidewinder , he said that was a real coincidence .
5 betsy vigue took her place at the chairwoman 's table between the american flag and the infant of prague banner .
' he was nourished with your body and blood ; grant him a place at the table in your heavenly kingdom .
his place was not honored , as the true opener of the way ; he was only another of the ten thousand cheering extras , a doggy rolling over and sitting up on command .
warwick , an expression of ludicrous piety on his face , took heck 's place .
they perched on rocks down by the lakeshore ; they jostled for place on the williamses ' dock - so many of them he could n't see the wood .
and that was true , but seeing so many of them at once , seeing them everywhere , crammed onto every branch and jostling for place on every fallen log that did something to your mind .
the rifle 's roar was loud , filling the place , and the slug took away nearly one whole corner of the podium , peeling it back to the bare , bright wood .
they had waited too long to chance losing their places .
a few even left their places in line , which speeded up the proceedings a bit .
the two shelves above were filled with a mixture of fiction and fact on that same subject ; brian garfield 's early westerns jostled for place with hubert hampton 's massive western territories examined .
goohringer found his place , lost it , almost dropped his bible .
but it was quiet except for the preacher , who had found his place again .
four long tables had been set up and covered with white linen , and four black women in caps and aprons were setting places .
roger breakstone ad worx victor trenton 1633 congress street telex : adworx portland , maine 04001 tel ( 207 ) 799 - 8600 steve pulled a sheet of paper from a ream of cheap mimeo stuff and cleared a place in front of him .
tad took his place at the end of the table .
mrs . grierson sits on the end , and there are two places set on the left side for the grierson boys and two places set on the right for her guests .
mrs . grierson sits on the end , and there are two places set on the left side for the grierson boys and two places set on the right for her guests .
temple looks at the empty place beside richard grierson .
four places are set around the table , plates , forks , spoons , knives , napkins , all of it coated over with a torpid layer of dust .
they whizzed through the normal formalities , grunting ' good afternoon ' and the like , then settled down into their respective places , a seating arrangement set on his very first visit and upheld ever since .
mary june took her mother by the arm and walked her to the well - provisioned dining room table and seated her before directing me to the place of honor at the end of the table .
as they found their places by the windows of their capsule , ravella noticed how trevick subtly contrived to stand between his two companions , so that he might not be entirely monopolised by clare ; in fact he seemed glad to turn his attention elsewhere .
then of course there was sir cada and his thoughtfulness in organising the chorus of cicadas of course the wedding could nt have taken place if it was nt for virgil and virginia making the hangar available for the occasion .
v an extra place had been set and the rest of the clan was seated as foster came in , escorting annabelle .
indy grabbed magnus and threw him off the motorcycle , taking his place as the fire grew to protect its rider from a huge red wave of power that flew from volkangs open palm .
whether one was worthy or not of a place at this most heavily laden of tables and as food , furniture or guest ?
still beaming , he returned to his place in line , which the happy investor behind him gladly allowed because she was in such a good mood .
there were a half dozen places free and he took the precaution of backing the car into the space that seemed to offer the best chance of avoiding being blocked in when the 2cvs returned from their foray .
he had taken his place opposite them , but still near the sign designated by lord neptune .
we d just come offstage from a particularly successful performancethe place was packed to bursting with as many people as the halls limited size could allow .
the stage was so massive it seemed to take aeons just to reach our places .
i decided to come back to toronto , finding a place at the victorian .
sister francis dismissed me with a curt order to return to my place in line .
she shrugged , took a place on the sofa next to jeremiah and picked up a carton of egg foo yung .
the remaining insurance agents took their places at his side as they stood stoically over the shoulder of their emotionally tormented bosses .
jennifer placed the fresh , sliced bread on a small plate and put it between the place settings on the table .
rob was sunk low in his seat near the front , engrossed in the airline magazine , but her place was at the very back .
in the boardroom , andy greeted each of his fellow directors , and took his place to the left of sir gerald at the head of the boardroom table .
there were thirteen of then , and they always argued about who had to sit on the side of the table where there were four places . ''
there was enough place inside for vannard too , but of course neither of them wanted to travel together .
equally minimal fuss was made as they made their way to their places .
and so she made a point of striding tall and adult - like whenever she entered the film city cafeteria to take her place in the baristas queue .
tight avian muscles were massaged into looseness as the handlers waited for the last of the bets to be finalized and for the officials to take their places .
he then stepped back from the podium and took his place alongside the line of perfects .
compromise reached , doug would be in the theater room on the third floor in his silk pajamas with his basketball friends while the party took place below .
mercedes father took his place at the head of the table .
he was given the place of honour beside the school principal on a comfortable but ragged settee .
in the equatorial heat even the most passionate sun - worshippers were interested only in shade , and competition for places under the inadequate awnings was intense .
` ` um , '' i began nervously before awkwardly finding my place in the office .
they occupied places on the same timetable as him but they would pass like ships in the night , entering a lecture room just as he was leaving .
see to the extra places at lunch , gilmore .
still chatting away he held a chair out for her and after she had taken her place he sat down in the seat beside her .
a great crowd came surging merrily in to be shown by another servant their places at the tables .
` ` welcome to nassau in the bahamas , the after hours party you ve decided to attend takes place this evening at the neria b night club in nassau .
the man placed his tatty green jacket over the back of the first stool and slid into his usual place .
as they took up new places at the bar sassy updated them both regarding tattoos sly conquest and reassured them both they were safe - the police were here for another matter entirely .
safe in the belly of the great white shark as it tilted upwards and homewards , merlot now occupied an aisle seat , and the place next to him was free .
i took my place behind the drums .
the service had taken place within the grounds of haute house , under a white canvas marquee , with beautifully laid tables , and chairs with little dresses on them to hide their ugly legs .
when she stepped on , she immediately noticed that moonflower had saved her a place across from xavier joness seat .
they were already sitting outside her house on the bench and her animals , including antonio banderas , stayed away as if knowing something incredibly important was about to take place .
well be in the middle of the campo by noon awaiting the start of some horse race or other that s supposed to take place there .
he eventually arrives in the middle and takes a seat at the head of a dining table that has places set for fifty people .
the guitar is soon taking pride of place on the back seat of the consul between me and stephen .
an immaculate bottle green mg sports car is taking pride of place on the coloured stone driveway , which slopes away at a steep gradient to an underground double garage .
well set another place at the table .
this code refers to the wedding between shalia owell and jenny owens which can not take place , in particular it is the name of the brand chosen by both daughters for their single embroidered wedding piece , replacing the traditional wedding dress .
` ` when is the wedding taking place ? ''
a very attractive blonde , all tanned up in an all white tennis dress took her place at the end of the coffee line about ten paces from me .
gwen went out on the balcony and looked at the harbor , while shim showed laleh his place .
she handed each guest a small card that informed them that parts of the performance would take place out in the theater , and they were welcome to stand up or get out of their seats if they needed to .
so i counted out seven chips and just added them to the weightlosswatchers pizza , the bird behind me tells mr dull , causing me to offer her my place in the queue , which she readily accepts , but it does nt quieten her down .
catherine transferred dishes , silverware , and food from the counter to the table , and set four places .
roger took up his place and pointed to paris .
she introduced me to the lady that had told me the seats were reserved , and then donna went to take her place at the piano .
` ` mind switching places ? ''
sorry , losers it appears i am in for an unequivocally more erotic dining experience i handed korben my place card .
well , then i tucked the place card in my pocket , cleared my throat .
groomsmen already taking their place in plastic chairs , feeling their tuxedoes .
i took my place at one of the bar - height tables placed around the perimeter .
the security guard in charge of the section knew we were completely full of shit , but he did nt hassle or question us when we said , good evening , sir , and filed politely to the best seats in the place .
robyn took his place , adjusted the mirrors and made virgil and me stand on the other side of the dumpster , so virgil would n't leap under the wheels , i guess .
in fact , i began to visualize the conversations that would take place between my co - workers , boy it sure was ironic what happened to noltan .
every year , thousands of students besiege the experimental philosophy department in hopes of a place . ''
` ` now someone has to tell the other parents the places have been filled , '' said merlin .
i made a mental note to advise the queen of england to sit at a table nearer the kitchen next time she saved a place for me , or she would be in danger of losing me as a dining - companion .
i ve got a house so full of gold that its hard to find a place to sit , but sometimes words fly out of my mouth and i have no idea where they came from .
a stooping , white - haired man shuffled into the lobby and took his place behind an ancient , glass - covered oak counter .
if i 'd wiped his place mat and scrubbed his food dish to sparkling cleanliness , opened a fresh can of fluffytail 's incredible edibles , and crooned to him while spooning it out , i could n't help feeling hurt when he treated it like something he 'd done in the litter box .
george chose the next ' in ' place by clawing a bath towel off the bar onto the heat register below and curling up on it .
everyone fought for a place at the ear plug .
he strode over and took his place next to elana , bigger than life .
tarquin took his place again at elanas side .
they will be introduced to the finer farming families , as mrs . billings phrased it , tomorrow at the cheshire agricultural society fair , where , it was added , an announcement of great importance would take place no , not hewes ' engagement but rather something to do with a distinguished guest visiting our village in the near future .
daffyd thomas , a 12 year old scholar at westminster school , described in a letter to his mother in llanstinan , wales , the bean feast that took place before the coronation with himself as bean king .
unnoticed , jed stepped out of the shadows at the front of the church to take his place , ready to escort carmen , his eldest daughter , down the aisle .
everyone in the place seems to turn and stare in my direction , as if i am about to put on a show for them with a song and dance thrown in for good measure .
mr teddy , eat , demands charlie of his little furry friend that sits beside him with his own place setting and what looks suspiciously like a dead butterfly with the wings pulled off on his plate .
heres lets switch places , lor , you sit here .
we took our places on either side of nicholas at the long , oval table .
like thousands of young people he went to the champs - elyses avenue , where , in haphazard columns , this first challenge to the occupiers was taking place .
the new event which will change drastically ping - pong , will take place in london in 1954 with ogimuras triumph , who will win also the gold medal in the team matches .
the stone army remained vigilant , patient , eyes across the tempestuous ocean , their numbers reduced , crumbling - but there were always others to take those places , jostling from behind like eager salmon .
he brought the taste of wine of his breath , introduced his puzzled guest to the ruddy glow itself , the stranger at first gulping from the cup , only for the marsh king to admonish him playfully , his words suspended , grilled like the meat , sinking into the fire , warm and full and bleary - eyed as the unfamiliar drink coaxed him to sleep , lying next to his toppled stool , his dreams the imaginings of madmen ... a cloak was draped over his naked form as the gathered lords retook their places in the timbered hall , some nervous of the heap , others excited .
steve does notice in the back of the auditorium his uncle ricky searching for a place to sit .
then mary understood that john banks had found a place for her and her baby with no arms .
too smart to take on trouble on behalf of a teammate with whom off the field they were nt brotherly friendly , mckinley and kolanko would casually and wordlessly give way as al and max took their places , then without looking around would veer off toward their own cars .
sarah , towering over him in her heels , assumed a place beside him at the coffin .
when the tail end of the mourners had taken their places , a silence came over the assembly , making the sounds coming from the playground seem all the louder .
presently , the choir came in from a side door and took their places behind the pulpit .
margie had found a white table cloth and set three places with their grandmothers best china .
the minister of her church told her a womans place was beside her husband .
their place was one of thousands in madison that catered to the student trade .
eventually , about twenty minutes late , the driver started her up and we set off as an old lady rearranged the seating plan once more according to ticket numbers , asking at least four or five people to change places before she was satisfied .
as walter took his place in the front pew , he wondered if wednesday funerals were an element of blake destiny .
at one end of the enormous kitchen table , judith had set three places , and a large bowl of salad protected from stray insects by a beaded gauze cover .
with the ingrained habit of his upbringing , tony rose from his seat and moved aside , smiling in anticipation of an introduction , ready to offer his place to a lady .
carolines arrival caused a frisson of excitement , but decorum was maintained and nobody sought to speak to her as the young verger escorted her and tony to places reserved for the family .
bowing to each other and to the teacher , they took their places .
during the training , despite the fact he was a man with grey hair , dumpling was always trying , as if by accident , to take a place closer to the teacher .
my mother was even given a place on the bench by those who at least could stand on their legs .
as soon as my agitated thoughts began to calm down , my common sense hurried to take up the vacant place .
many people in the hall also got up from their places and ran to the stage .
at the next gas station , we switch places so scott can rest .
everything you ve done up to now , she says , retaking her place at the table , is no longer enough .
but that turns into two because mrs . mckinley is so happy to see us and so loves the company that we decide to sing her some of the christmas songs morgen knows , filling her place with music .
i noticed that the dapper miniatures would appear well before the beginning of mass , either to secure their places in the front row , or perhaps to enjoy the entertainment value of our vocal exercises .
finally , there was the sunday when only the little man made his way gingerly down the aisle to take his place in the audience of our musical - exercises .
the mister appeared to expend every ounce of energy just to help her down the aisle to secure their proper place in the front pew .
frank watches serenas back pass through the glare of window until she takes her place at the bridge table .
the girls seat themselves at an empty place .
when the store first opened , the saturday evening post , look , life and u.s . news and world report had shared pride of place alongside the nickel - plated high - back cash register with time , newsweek and a dozen newspapers .
every tuesday and thursday , after i did get a little studying in , we would take our places around the table , get out our lunches , and set up the board .
mitch was not the only straggler to find his place belatedly on this morning .
moms place settings were fancier than usual for a friday night .
she removed the crystal from the buffet and adorned the table with forest - green place mats that matched the seat cushions and walls .
besides , they re already setting you a place at the table .
i just got off the phone with julia and she said that one of her friends is going to come over and that we should set another place on the table .
everyone took their place , and when the stage was settled mr . mason said with exaggerated calmness , well be starting where we left off at mrs . soamess line , who is it julia ?
the rest of the cast found their places and finally everything was in order again .
my mom has made sandwiches for them , and is cleaning up by the time i find a place next to chris on the couch .
i told him , do nt be stupid , and took my place on the grandstand .
now that he has become a market dealer himself , i can take his place at the counter beside nikolai vassilievich .
i gave your daughter two fig newtons , i told rebecca at the bench , when i saw her fold down a page to mark her place .
it had taken several guises during the conversationanger , incredulity , sarcasm , and more angerbut now it had found its place , it was fear .
i made friends , not best friends , but a group where i belonged , assurance that i would not be left partnerless when ordered to pair up , that i would be picked for a team , not shamed by having to be assigned a place by a teacher .
i took my place at the front of the class and boomed .
so in the end there was an empty place at the table , where henry would have sat .
once fired , the only viewing anywhere , by any life , will take place at cal tech , by julian and ruth .
the boy looked hurt but scrambled to comply , looked for his place , found it : gods judgment befell herod , herodias and salome even in their lifetimes .
it was only minutes before the judges returned and resumed their place at the long table that had little paper placards for their names .
several sat at the wrong places - the tall tough cowboy was now apparently miss edna grace .
he cleared a place and put it down between them and gave them each a plate .
grace and dr . curtis , who had a view of the den from their place on the loveseat , turned and looked at the commotion in the other room .
aspiria handed him a plate filled generously with the feast , and seryen reluctantly took his place .
she smirked to herself all the way to the performance hall , where the show was to take place .
eric begins placing the silver down at all the place settings , and he 's starting to get the nervous feeling that this dinner party has now become much more complicated than it seemed only a few hours ago .
they exchange a nod , then they switch places .
josh took his place in a plastic chair by the table on the pool deck for the gift opening ceremony .
the trio took his place between bri and dryad .
he guided me into the dining room where two places were set .
fletcher , the red - headed man , and the other man left in the queue did not wish to give up their places but they were unsettled .
the bad samaritan followed me in and took his place across from me , back to the drivers area where hans would sit .
if the new kid had not found a place within a couple of days , he would have no place at all and be forced into the crowd of misfits at the shallow end of the social pooland no one ever made it out of there .
~ ~ ~ tuesday , september 7 the queue outside the bookstore is remarkably short as i pass by this morning , so i take my place at the end of the line and am inside within 15 minutes .
we take our place at the end of the line and shuffle slowly forward with the crowd , which is noticeably upscale from the usual demographic of patrons at the lyric .
the dining room is crowded , but i spot garrett with miss fairchild at a table with two empty places , so were soon seated .
professor staples steps out to a smattering of applause and takes his place behind a small lectern .
declining the invitation from the card players with the excuse that he was broke , colling took a place on one of the couches , picking up a tattered month - old copy of stars and stripes .
she picked a place to one side and he left her sitting on their two suitcases .
the two russian soldiers took their places in the front of the opel , while the two guards half - threw their burden into the back seat .
helga followed with their place settings and bowls , which she distributed in front of each of them .
within a few minutes , their luggage had been carried down the hatchway , and they had found places for themselves on the tarpaulins that boroszkis son had spread over piles of nets in the vessels hold .
i was nt really hungry , but i knew i had to set a place for myself .
torches thrust into golden , snaking brackets flickered in the hazy smoke , their amber light dancing eerily on the four shadowy , hooded figures within as bast took his place among them in a chair to the right of what was clearly ammons chair .
the five men , shrouded in capes , with their hoods pulled so far forward it was impossible to make out their faces , waited in shadowy silence as ammon took his place in the sixth chair .
by the time he had finished washing up , dinner was on the table and the kids were lining up to take their places .
i said okay , and she made a place for me to sit down beside her .
it would take place in my hometown theatre , the la jolla playhouse .
she did not have a seat at any of their tables aligned from the center of the floor , but she took a place up in one of the empty audience stalls as close to the floor as possible , all the while mentally rehearsing the assembly protocol she was learned in but had never had the opportunity to use .
because he had no time to monitor me , because i was now a dutiful and harmless girl , and because eliza always had crusty milk on her chin , hair that had turned red and coarse , and a thick cough percolating from deep in her chest , i stopped trying to put her places .
abbey and zoe started to sit down in his place .
we went into the small studio and took our places .
we took our places and played the three songs over and over .
another older couple took their place , then another .
dad had asked his younger brother to stand up with him , and the two men took their places up front , grinning and nudging each other like school boys .
the place was filling , but slowly .
the exact placement of the meticulous and matching place settings at their fancy dining room table , the precise temperature of the food , the pairing of wines .
reporters are very reluctant to change their places .
the sisters traded places and the wind blew joans cigarette smoke away from connie .
we have a place available in the one hundred right away , consider yourself a fully fledged member .
` ` just have marcie 's mother call to confirm and i 'll set another place at the passover table . ''
* * * back in the caf everyone took their places in the booth .
the other guys took their places and geoff finally appeared with his usual grin .
passing through the capacity crowd grace saw austin and gave a nod before taking her place with richard and friends .
just as he made to sit , linda turned and took the place he d been occupying opposite christine .
wondrously everything condensed as his desire took its rightful place .
i remember finding a place in the second - to - last row , next to a scowling adolescent , and not having the slightest idea what to expect upon reaching my destination , i sought comfort in what seemed to be the only certainty at the time the monotonous route of the intercity bus line , nestled in the softness of my well - worn sponge seat and the familiar , stale smell of old metal .
when mrs grant alighted , everybody was ready to take their places .
thursday , the day of enjoyment , came ; and opened with more kindness to fanny than such self - willed , unmanageable days often volunteer , for after breakfast a very friendly note was brought from mr . crawford to william , stating that as he found himself obliged to go to london for a few days , he hoped that william would accept a place in his carriage , and dine with him at the admiral 's .
isabelle protested each night , and wanted to trade places , but he was firm and said : i like it here on the floor .
either i wake up or in my dream i rush out of the house and find a place in the garden .
he had kissed her sweetly on the cheek as she entered and saw the polished walnut table set with two places at its opposite ends , set with fine china and crystal glasses just as he said he would do .
she sat in the center of the table where the serving dishes were meant to be placed between the two place settings of china and crystal and linen .
seventeen places had been set for the family , children and grandchildren and two special guests .
after that they chatted like old friends and finished the bottle of wine and lauras head was spinning when she went and took her place beside eugene after she had walked into the farmhouse with sharon .
tom came out of the portrait group for the last chorus and made ian take his place in the choir and took the second picture , the second real image of the day that had all the feelings and connections all of them shared , in joy and pain , through all they d been through .
they often require a space in the childs bed , a place set at the table and even participate in bath time .
she allowed her gaze to settle on the other damp - coated , high - heeled , suited customers ; those she knew to be competitors , wrestling for prize places in thin cluttered aisles .
alan belew 's place was empty .
as i was about to take an oversized piece of the steak and shove it into my mouth , i glimpsed across the expanse lined with rows of long tables and saw two girls take their place at the end of the line .
another wink came as chad peddled past the mustang and sarah took her place next to the one chad had thought was the ex - boyfriend .
a few passengers expressed alarm when two machinegun - laden pickup trucks took their places in the front and rear of the bus .
* * * reporters scrambled to their places , brandishing cameras and microphones .
i found a place near any other little girl .
what cities these bullfights took place in ill never know ; i understood not a whit of what was happening , the sequence or significance of the stages of death of this great spectacle , or the elaborate move of the matadors , nor did i care to learn .
the waitress , a bleary - eyes college girl stared at the woman uncertainly , then with a sullen expression picked up the entire place setting and hurried off .
we greet her back , settle in , take in the menus , place orders .
he would nt have minded swapping places with that epitome of cheer .
a cool , calm , relieved sense of joy fell on her face as she took her place opposite me , and she relaxed her clenched hands around her magnificent bouquet .
my place was in the waiting room with all the other males .
i changed my mind quickly , smelling it , and asked about the extra place setting at the table .
she opened the silverware drawer , brushed aside the book of green stamps , found a pair of spoons , and set places for herself and her husband .
i never intended anything but to fill my place properly , said gwendolen , with bitterest mortification in her soul .
the two women politely begged deronda to seat himself in the best place , while cohen said with satisfaction , well , sir !
chewing gum girl took her place at the bar .
sonny , take james place , you ll be sophies bus partner , you can learn a thing or two from her .
walking towards where they were sitting , james noticed sonny took his place next to sophie .
she sat down in her place and watched him scoop bits of scrambled eggs and bites of bacon into his mouth .
she still had that feeling of dread walking down the aisle searching for a place to sit , as she did walking down the center of the school cafeteria .
god wanted to weep at the senseless killing and maiming , the empty places at the dinner table , the constant conversation of family life curtailed .
she was the woman on line in a crowded supermarket who would deliberately put a few things down at the checkout counter , and once the register was open and holding her place , would go back and forth to pick up more items , making everyone wait so she would nt have to .
a place at the kitchen table is set for him with a bowl of cereal , an apple and a piece of paper from sara giving him the calorie count : 250 .
you know , this is the first real conversation we ve had since this table has had an empty place .
never cram into a place at the last minute .
the wedding took place in a meadow full of wildflowers and she had other men that wished to marry her , believe me , she was the loveliest girl in the camp , by far the prettiest , but i was the most sympathetic to her need to stay on a strictly macrobiotic diet , which , by the way , would go a long way toward curing your acne and your greasy hair , but now my wife does nt understand me , he complained , whispering at me in a sing - song voice , his head bobbing to an internal rhythm .
in fact you had to continuously change places due to the harassing nature of young males , i had discovered that and i was nt a particularly gorgeous female , and now , now , i had a married man , not young at all , possibly the father of young children , bothering me through no fault of my own .
and i take my place across from this welcome break in the day .
well set a place for you .
she finished setting the table , taking her mail off it and setting napkins next to the three place settings .
thank you ... . maggie glanced at melody , but her daughter was busily setting a fourth place setting at the table , and did nt catch any of the exchange .
the place settings were quite fine , like china or something better , the silverware etched in gold and glinting in the morning light that streamed through the many windows that comprised most of the upper half of the aft wall .
the girls took their places behind maggie , who did nt whisper anything but gave melody a very slight but understanding smile , as if she had just figured out what had taken her and yaeko so long in getting topside .
he had allocated a decent bed - sit for marisha na actonye ; she was as yet not senior enough for a place v ealingu .
next she reported on the goodwill and friendship mission to mali , niger , senegal and the ivory coast , she declined a place on the first official polish visit to these countries but she wrote up the record for her journal .
the driver ahead of him finished at the pay - off window , and addamsen took the guys place , making out like he was too busy signing the sheet to concern himself with the rest of us .
maisy asked as they took their place in line .
willow turned to the person behind her , ` ` would you mind holding my place ? ''
but recently they have set aside 30 places for deserving students from the lowest social classes .
i have with me another guest , tudor indicated me , so i shalt expect a chamber prepared and a place ready for him at mine table .
he cleared a place on the table , pulled the writing pad into the clearing and wrote : 1895 : house built / completed .
she wanted to trade places with josh , but if she slept on the couch , there d be no way to keep him from paying her a visit in the middle of the night .
` ` there 's no place for three , '' charles tells wayne .
the place was empty as were the second and third .
distraught well - to - do young professional adults at the tables , in the booths , laurie and i took our place .
now , when the bus got to my stop it was empty , and i faced no opposition when i claimed the year twelves prize : a place on the bench seat at the back .
pip invariably found himself one of the last boys to find a place at the sinks .
those of you in the fifth and sixth forms can sign up for a place .
i quietly claimed a place at a vacant worktable .
the director rushed in and yelled at everyone in the barn to take their places .
the band director signaled an end just as the last students took their places .
the four left with the crowd now chanting for the unfortunate cafeteria lady mrs . grosskinsky to take her place in the seat of honor .
from their glances at arrow and their smiles and ready acquiescence to giving up their places i gathered that he had told them about the bet .
he poured a cup of coffee , by - passed the donuts and took his usual place in the seat at the conference room table nearest the door .
i could nt imagine richard taking his place in the oversized , burgundy leather chair .
he and brenda were headed to a much more upscale restaurant down the street , where linen napkins and salad forks were standard at every place setting .
i could nt count the times i had been in here and seen outoftowners being put in their place after trying to interrupt betty .
take your places , please ! ''
merlin and qamar took their places as witnesses and exchanged worried looks with shaena .
he was fussing with his place setting , and i realized he was more nervous about seeing johnny again than he was letting on .
the places in the back were empty .
she simply moved it all to one side , making room for our place settings and the food .
i smiled back , removed my light coat , and took her place in the chair .
our places were already set .
all three averted their eyes as they exchanged places with slamm .
` ` i ' ve had reservations for over three months for the french raven , '' handel complained , ` ` but i ' m sure some lucky couple from nebraska or somewhere will be thrilled to take our place . ''
i think i want my phone call now , i said screaming loud enough for the whole place to hear .
i waited a while until he waved to a place at the top of the altar , as if he was waving goodbye .
aside from the performance itself , most of the opening night festivities , including cocktail reception and dinner - dance took place at a resplendent city hall , across van ness avenue from the war memorial opera house .
by the time she was finished emily had a place set for her with a sandwich , a bowl of tomato soup and a glass of tea .
a dining table , now set with places for four , would overlook those views during daylight .
the parade came to an end when the snow king and queen , high school seniors , robert king and priscilla clark , stepped off the final float , and walked up the court house steps to take their place on the royal chairs , rather than the usual locale in the gazebo .
i looked down at the table and saw that the menu of the day had been put at each place setting .
as we left the drink station and started looking for a table , i noticed that the place was beginning to fill up .
as the man traded places with the driver , bradley watched the driver pick up a pistol from off the dash and stick it in his coat .
i found a place upstairs in the media center , tucked away in a corner , sitting at one of those brown wooden desks that had walls partitioning it for privacy .
we just watched his mouth , wishing we could change places with the carton .
i did note that there was another place setting at the end of the table , presumably for jase , but that did n't settle any of my returning misgivings .
fifteen minutes of hugging and exclaiming over how beautiful i looked took place then- mostly from my mother of course- but i could tell dad was proud too , before some of the other guests began to arrive .
they all made their greetings and got to their places just in time for the lecture .
i smiled and took my place just as marianne began her talk .
not wanting to interrupt the chief , i timidly looked around the room searching for a place to sit .
june had saved a place for him beside her in the last row .
he saw that charles was alone , leticia not in her usual place beside him .
louis set a new place at the table without asking if sims wanted to participate and sims accepted by sitting down to it .
i tried to keep a neutral expression on my face , but my gaze dragged through the doorway to the dining room where a stunning , crystal lalique horse held a prominent place in the china cabinet .
you do nt get a formal invitation and there are no place cards .
when pastor barnes took his place at the podium jane was painfully aware of how close isaac was sitting next to her .
jane moved from table to table , checking the linen for wrinkles and the place settings for spots .
empty plates decorated the center of the table and one place setting was left .
gambling took place at the fonda , and it was said the common prejudice against the mexican did not , however , prevent the american from trying to win his money .
when i opened myself to get an impression the stream of people who had been in and out of this room in the past two months blurred together , but while riding in aldwin 's coach i had become finely attuned to his impression so i walked around the table , found aldwin 's place and sat in it , which helped to cut through the chaotic haze of irrelevant images , but all i could tell was that aldwin had eaten here many times .
when she returned to her place at the octagonal table darren , as always , had already left .
dixie set places , morty poured drinks and soon the table was covered with chips , dips , relishes , rolls and , of course , casseroles .
to be totally honest about it , if our places were switched and he d just told me what i told him , i d probably have asked exactly the same question .
this question came quickly , as if she suddenly realized she had forgotten to set a place at the table for the guest of honor .
the tossed salads were arranged at each place setting in the dining room just as the doorbell rang .
i threw on checkered cloths , filled a couple of vases with a cheerful assortment of zinnias , snapdragons , and bachelor buttons to set at either end , and then added the place settings to the picture perfect scene .
he looked up as daniel re - entered the room and took his place next to belle .
kyle slid past straker and took his place next to grace .
ada took one last , long draw on her ale , then moved to her place immediately beside joan .
nodding at them both to be seated , he took his own place at the head of the table .
the united nations personnel were taking their places , four men and a woman , all dressed casually in vacation wear , shorts and polo shirts , some with ball caps .
in the dim light , silhouetted by the planes dash lights , tench saw owerris dark figure stand up , the flight manual in her hand , as she moved to the other pilot seat and motioned stagmatter to sit in her vacated place .
its like playing musical chairs ; the people around you are all waiting like hawks to get your place , which is at risk to be lost at any time .
i was fed up and i could nt stay seated in my place without a single word of protestation ; agreeing to what was being said .
we have a place on the st . john 's .
rhona took my place in the back seat , settling in between the other two women .
i knew i would barely be able to remember the collection of faces and names , but smiled and nodded before taking my place at the table .
several of those who had been busy talking amongst themselves during the cane incident ( gossip is so very engrossing after all ) and had somehow managed not to notice what was going on ( some of the previous paragraphs people would have happily traded places with the oblivious ) shivered without knowing why .
did you know that today we have the very great honor of attending the first wedding to take place in the granville bay christian church at which mrs . grant has not presided as the pianist in seventeen years ?
the ceremony barbara had participated in earlier had taken place upstairs in a secret room in the art gallerys italian renaissance exhibit .
melia took the proffered place , on the log , and balanced the laptop computer in front of her .
sven 's place , empty , was near mine , at the foot of the table .
i tried to change places immediately a manoeuvre not easily executed in a bus full of people , apples , chicks , rucksacks , uniforms and simit crumbs .
the people between us offered to trade places with me so i could talk to him , and i moved down to sit next to him .
by three in the afternoon , all fifty places had been filled .
she decided to try craigslist the next day and find a place on her own .
it had a glass top with ' shelves ' below to stash place mats or other clutter including laptop computers to keep the table top clear .
and , of course , you re not sharing your place with anyone else , are you ?
the next day the funeral service , if one could call it that , took place at the funeral home since she and her mother had nt belonged to any church .
the immediate family took their places with the other mourners standing behind them .
a young waitress ( probably called a server here ) was laying out place settings on a table for eight near me .
her fluffy white head bent low as she checked the place setting and straightened it .
i knew that wedding was nt going to take place .
thus , when they drew out the fake boobs i kept stuffed under the seat , the whole place went up in snickers .
the viewing was going to take place at the phillips - robinson funeral home in inglewood , which is only a few minutes from my apartment , and i got there with time to spare .
i took my place at the table and within minutes , she put a plate of crisp bacon , fried eggs and buttered toast in front of me .
on the dinette table , a place setting for two remained untouched .
i walked to the dinette table and refocused my attention on the place settings .
i found a place in front of ramus address with a broken parking meter that was wrapped in a cloth sack .
as she now walked through the dining room , she noticed a place set at the table .
no doubt , she said to herself and smiled , mr . montgomary must be a very meticulous person , putting out a place setting the night before , even for saturday morning .
more remarkable was the presence of this morning 's newspaper neatly folded and lying next to the place setting .
demey came into the room with a place setting for phillis .
you knew i was taking this place .
cecelia took jackie 's place across from mildred , and we went into the living room .
so worth walked into the briefing room with reyes and falknerthe two whose places she least wanted to sit in by accidentsomewhere behind her .
a crisp salad set in front of the two unused place settings .
which meant we could talk without being overheard , at least until the place filled up .
he returned to place pigalle several times , just looking for cameras .
james took his place in line , waiting patiently for a seat to open up .
at the restaurant , they were met by a hostess and escorted to a round table with a white linen tablecloth , a candle in a red glass pot , and four place settings .
an overstuffed chair and ottoman had their place in the room ; also covered with chintz but with a pattern of cascading wisteria vines with blooms of purple and lilac on a pale green background .
janowicz was happy to go , and julia took her place at the desk , not far from the front doors , which were locked now to anyone outside .
maggie tried to imagine nicole as a part of their family , with a place at the thanksgiving day table , her own stocking at the hearth , and knowing her grandfathers jokes and feeble puns as well as the rest of them do now .
maggie took her place at garys right hand at the small conference room table .
she flattened the heavy cotton napkins out with her hands and placed them to the left of the four forks at each place setting .
elspeth was still retouching the flawless place settings .
thirty minutes later , she took a place at the back of the line that wrapped around the information desk at charles de gaulle airport and glanced at the large clock over the desk .
i do nt think introductions are needed , she said , pushing the remains of a salad bowl off to the side of her place mat .
the boys were getting agitated as time ran out to book places for the events .
chewters funeral was to take place on the following day , and he had not heard that anyone at the council offices would attend .
maclure and smythe looked a little uncomfortable as we took our places .
we crowded two chairs into the narrow place , facing one another , and i wedged myself into them , half seated , half reclined .
michael came in and greeted the guests and suggested that they all find their places at the table for dinner .
most of the action was taking place in the bar - room , and they managed to find a secluded table away from the main crowd .
i can see someone , jenny i think , she waves us over and i take my place next to her with elena on my left .
henry pulled up the chair and sat down ; there was a place setting for him as though they knew that he would join them .
three notes after opening his mouth , gwalchmai had made a place for his family at aber .
gwen found a place against the back wall , behind and to the right of king owain , which meant she was directly behind rhun and just to the left of hywel .
the man set his tray on a small table next to the door and took his place beside her .
it was to be the largest celebration to take place in the white house since rutherford hayess silver anniversary party in 1877 .
when john astor finally floated in a half hour late , he took his place at the head of the table .
he quickly saw the reason for the mens anger : there was wheeler , stepping into the lifeboat and looking for a place to sit .
the places were just starting to fill up .
jake entered from a side door and immediately noticed his place had already been taken .
he took his place , said , ` ` please be seated , '' then looked around the courtroom .
the lawyers slowly found their places , though no seating was assigned .
they walked into the courtroom together and took their places .
win , terese , and i took our places in the plush surroundings and coldly discussed our next steps .
blomkvist noticed that the chief of the constitutional protection unit hesitated for only a second before he got up and brought the thermos over to the conference table , where place settings were already laid out .
i put a bowl of fruit between our places , got out the whole - wheat bread and a cutting board for the reheated meat loaf .
she took her place first in line .
getting the cues straight from lou o'shea on the organ , an usher escorted mrs . kingery to her place at the front of the church .
the tables had christmas centerpieces in the same colors , and the place mats were cloth and so were the napkins .
i gave her an assessing look as i took my place at one end of her massive oval dining table , polished to a gleaming shine , bisected by a christmas runner and covered with the usual shower food : nuts , cake , finger sandwiches , mints , snack mix .
by the time i had to take my place beside byron again , i was in at least an equitable mood .
i wound the obi around my waist and managed the knot in record time , then ran silently to my place in line , second .
i took my place in line - first , tonight , since raphael was facing us - in a daze .
marshall barked , and we took our places in line .
my body twanged with tension as i took my place in line .
the curly - haired man let me have my place back in line .
the paper place mats had an overhead diagram of the golf course 's eighteen holes and an ornate letter b in the middle .
i murmured as we went to our places around the table .
with candlelight illuminating the small room , the table was set for four with single - sheet hardback menus at each place .
the table is small , the setting intimate , and i keep my gaze on the place setting in front of me , trying to calm my racing heart .
they traded places , and bronte held the doors while he grabbed his clothes and put them back on quickly .
chapter four audrey set four places at the wooden table , laying down the plates and ignoring the large man who hovered nearby , supervising .
pushing her way past me in to my place , ` ` god , you do n't have to be such an a**hole .
izzy 's is dee , and after greg walks her down the aisle , he will take his place next to axel .
she slams her glass down on the table , rattling all the place settings in the process .
i said , going to the kitchen to grab another place setting .
brady tried to get him to sit down since the entire place was staring at us , but he would n't .
i was there because i had a place to fill .
i stood up as calmly as i could , hit the reheat button for the plate i 'd set in the microwave , then cleared my place .
we 'd set a place at the head table for them , left empty with cards bearing their names on the stacks of china plates .
i kissed her fingers and then continued on to the sidelines , taking my place next to coach payton .
he gestures dramatically with his arm , and i push past him into his place .
he nods to a man who takes his place and excuses himself from the group of patrons .
` ` in fact , '' she said , looking at him , ` ` you 'll need to set another place at the table . ''
diamonds took their place in her ears and neckline , and she did not miss a beat when it came to applying makeup .
he stepped aside as i took his place , placing my hand on her waist and taking her hand in mine .
our wedding was taking place in the conservatory garden in central park .
my parents took their seats in the front row as henry and i headed down the aisle to take our place in front of the archway .
i helped ellery up into the carriage and took my place beside her .
we all took our places at the table and had the best thanksgiving dinner ever .
the one i 'd met - the cute guy - winked at me from his place in the back row .
brodie gave me another concerned look , but we separated and headed for our places .
behind me , my boys took their places , and three giant screens formed a half circle behind them .
i twirled my finger at the band to indicate they should keep up an instrumental until i found my place .
i reached the side of the stage and took my place next to travis , clicking my headset back on .
i could see her reflected in mom 's eyes every time she looked at me , like if she just wished hard enough she could make us trade places and get the good daughter back .
now that i knew where i was , i exited my compartment , following the flow of people looking for their own places .
i did a quick count of the place settings .
luke and i took our place at the counter where all the ingredients were laid out .
she shoved past me on the way out the door and immediately a clean cut college guy took her place at the desk .
i led everyone to the back room that we used for our practice and the guys and i took our places like we have at least twice a week for the past five years .
you 'll have this place so packed that we wo n't have any damn seats left . ''
` ` my place next , '' he said as he glared ahead .
grinning at adam , who stood as braden 's best man , i took my place on the other side of the altar beside hannah , jo , rhian , and ellie .
when i walked into the trailer , mama was in her place at the kitchen table and she looked up and just shook her head slowly .
each customer was given a place card , and when it was turned , the waiter swooped in and refilled plates and drinks .
i found an empty place next to cherry and watched harper talk to sam .
she told the cabbie where to go in french and that earned her a place even closer to my side .
bruce points a beefy finger at the stage and says to us , ` ` take your places , and remember that this client is the shit .
by the time i ' m done , the gentlemen in the corner is gone , but two more have taken his place .
he comes to the stairs and hands me up , then takes his place by the mic , my hand still in his .
i arrange myself in the chair on the side of the table , leaving the place set at the head of the table for him .
you reserved a place in your heart for jett , and you do n't want to fill it with someone else .
she winked at me , and when the music started , the three of them left the room to take their places up front .
the wedding is taking place outside , underneath a white canopy in the backyard of caroline 's parent 's house , who live in a two - story mansion with columns and a wraparound porch .
sean taps the little spoon next to the place setting .
emma introduced us in the moment before the wedding planner took control and started directing everyone to their places .
i sat down next to owen , and roger took his place across the table from me with his father .
we took our place at the end and i removed my lens cap once again , mesmerized by the sea of orange and dark blue that engulfed us .
she points to a place beside me .
the sound was deafening as the boys took their places for their last official performance here ; ten times louder than i 'd ever heard it .
as fans jostled against me , some asking questions , the rest trying to take my place and lean up to attach their lips to him somehow , i wiggled past my sister and past the mob of people now studying my every move .
the waitress deftly removed one setting , sweeping the silver cutlery into her pocket as she indicated the three remaining places .
the boys hobbled out , only half stumbling as they switched places with sienna 's band .
` ` he 's the one that found a place with male dancers tonight . ''
dr . packard is calling the clinic now to see if they have a place for me , so all that 's left for me to do is tell jordan that i ' m leaving .
when the time finally came for liz to arrive , i took my place under the tree , with cash standing beside me as my best man .
that place was filled , but even if it had n't been , i was sure that i 'd rather be alone than be with someone who could desert me as he 'd done .
mckenna passed me the box of crayons and i chuckled , flipping over my own place mat to the blank white side .
maybe it was the intense look of concentration on his face , or the words that echoed her own misery at being out of place .
gio took his place beside nick .
we did a walk - through rehearsal ; ryan had a shot coming into the club , cameras followed him through the crowd , he had to squeeze past me , and then take his final place at the empty seat at bar .
i imagined my father being pleased with the man who now took his place at the table .
overlooking the bow was a magnificent mahogany dining table set elegantly with two place settings .
there 's a podium and a microphone , and a long rectangular table on either side of the podium , each one set with six places .
there 's a place set across from her , so i ' m guessing she 's waiting for someone .
dad hands me over to gage , and i take my place beside him , surprised when he drops a kiss on my cheek .
i take my place in the wings .
* * * chapter two adjusting the last place setting on the table , emma harrison stepped back to surmise how everything looked .
rose thorn , the school 's headmistress , suddenly rushed past them , calling out , ` ` places , everyone ! ''
and then he was walking past her and ascending the stage to take his place on the vip row .
he talked about his new computer system , with three monitors chained together so he could play video games , and i half - expected the waiter to come by with crayons for coloring the place mats .
i patted a place for her to sit next to me .
jessica found her place between her lawyers , and margie and i sat opposite them .
i nodded , he released me with one arm to step to my side and pull me into his place .
i got two bites in before my purse sitting close to knight 's place setting rang .
so , as casually as i could muster , i turned my attention to the cafetiere , did the press thing , upended the coffee cup at my place setting and prepared my coffee .
we accepted our places and the boys called the shots .
after dad , i got hugs from maria and gus then everyone assumed their places in our huddle , gus staring at me with a wicked grin on his face .
things nosedived when maybelline and wanda wandered in and they took places at the bar , opposite cotton and arlene , but for exactly the same purpose , a purpose they did n't try to hide either .
not touching the seeping wound , she took her place on the podium .
giving q another smile , he moved away , taking his place by franco .
a plate was in front of him , and there was a place set for her as well .
we 're going to take our places , and then we 're going to make sure this goes down , cleanly and without any other fights .
for many years his father had told him the place neal would be expected to take at the savages ' table .
their ceremony had taken place in a small lawyer 's office with a priest to bless their wedded life .
once they were done , she walked into the dining room to set their places .
her place setting was beside him .
lacey stood beside whizz as sophia and angel took their places beside their men .
he had to remain within the clubhouse until ned had a place for him in vegas .
instead he simply put the open ring box on the place setting before her and said , ` ` it 's finally time for you to become the next mrs .
she nudged tucker , getting him to grudgingly move over so she could take his place .
how had jason scored a place like this in las vegas , even if he was a billionaire ?
a family came into the crowded waiting room , four of them , and they searched silently for a place to sit together .
i knew the venue - a beautifully remodeled vintage movie theater , complete with the lush red and gold accents - and i 'd signed off on the invitations , the cake flavors , the damn place card designs .
when i had his full attention , i pushed his plate out of the way , and took its place .
my place setting is made of chantilly lace , and the cutlery is gleaming silver , polished to perfection .
while he cleans the small spot on my shoulder , i pick at the place mat and think about how weird it is to be here without jesus and david .
how she wished her friend was there with her moreover , the french translation lesson took place in the ancient school pavilions they called bosnia , due to its degradation state , which reminded them of some kind of war scenario .
marina counted the places to see where she would sit , although she did nt even have to : lucas was number fifteen and he was sat in the corresponding place ; she just had to take the seat beside him .
marina counted the places to see where she would sit , although she did nt even have to : lucas was number fifteen and he was sat in the corresponding place ; she just had to take the seat beside him .
marina swallowed hard and walked to her place with faltered steps .
joshua approached them and occupied the place next to ana .
as she turned around to go sit in her place , her eyes fixed with his : lucas was back .
she had to take her place ... next to lucas .
books exchanged , they went to the classroom , got in and sat at the same table , as usual , while joshua took the place behind them .
marina took her usual place next to ana , turned forward and watched the other classmates also sitting down .
she returned to her place , threw herself in the seat and stared at the blank sheet in front of her .
although no one was sitting there , he knew who usually occupied the place and that made him tense .
joshua stared at marina , smiled at her kindly , waved his hand and took the place next to his friend .
when she reached the classroom , ana was already in her place , and behind her were joshua and lucas , sitting side by side .
ana threw herself into the seat and marina took the place at her side .
occupying the place erstwhile held by dennis , joshua took the opportunity to study marina : she was focused on the game and seemed to like it .
marina straightened on the bench so that ana would get up and joshua took her place .
ana entered the room and , instead of sitting beside her , she switched places with joshua .
her father took his place beside her mother , and both remained there , waiting for news .
allowing a certain peace to settle on her spirit , she took the place beside him and leaned her head on his shoulder .
she sighed and stared at the vacated place at her side .
the queue was enormous and they were among the last people , which made it harder for them to find four places in a row to stay together .
the two girls left the wash - room and each took their places .
he spent the next couple of minutes pulling placemats , white china plates , wine glasses , linen napkins , and shiny silverware from one side of the basket , arranging them into place settings that one might find in a five - star restaurant .
the food was simple , but the way cameron set everything upthe boat ride , the secluded cove , the elegant place settings ... those things were what made it romantic .
the reception took place at lady penelopes extravagant home , and was a highbrow affair with sparkling champagne and the low drone of dignified conversation .
while eirik crossed over to our place , my eyes connected with torins .
alicia calls and we all laugh as krista and i switch places and laugh a long to stories from billy and alicia about some hollywood divas they ' ve worked with and a few drunk leading men , including ones alicia 's had flings with too .
i hug him silently as we hear the preacher tell everyone to get settled in just as the music begins and liam and scott take their places in front him .
her eyes scanned the classroom briefly , and i knew she was looking for a place to seat me .
nell , casey and liza were sitting in their respective places ; i had nt even noticed their arrival .
the charity sports tournament jon had asked paul to put together to raise bostoff securities ' corporate profile was to take place next week , but now , the negative publicity would make it look like a sham .
he noticed his usual place was filled .
the rest of the guests took their places at the other tables .
he motioned her to an uncomfortable looking chrome and black leather chair and took his place opposite her , behind a large ebony desk on which lay a leather blotter and a single sheet of paper .
i went to sit by jenn and scott took my place by alex .
mary ann saved a place next to her at naptime and even though she 'd much rather nap on noah 's side of the room , she did n't want to hurt mary ann 's feelings so she stayed where she was .
the woman took her place in the tightly - knit circle of church members standing near the doorway .
ruth hurried outside to claim her place near the makeshift altar .
they took their places in front of father tom .
should kiss me , rather than annoy me , i said and his eyebrows rose then he looked around the schools auditorium , which was crawling with people getting the place ready and here i thought you hate pda .
feeling a bit self - conscious , i told myself not to be so silly as i took my place next to him on the two - seater sofa .
we got into the mini and took our place in the neatly filing vehicles .
nicolas scoured the place settings , searching the cards for his name .
they take their places at the lattice and i escape to my seat , still flushed .
i noticed that there were a lot of place settings .
the place erupted with cheers as jethro stood , taking triena into his arms for a gentle kiss .
there was no place for us , except at the tables on the veranda , in the cold air outside .
everything from good - natured wrestling matches to full - on fistfights to dances took place in the hay barn .
as she took her place beside steven , anna placed her hand into the hand of the man who had convinced her to love .
they both laughed as the smiling stranger took the place beside her at the rail .
she hurried to the table , relieved to find her place between daniel fletcher and her aunt , who were observing her with questioning eyes .
soft music began to play , signaling everyone to take their places .
turning his body to face the crowd , he saw that all his groomsmen , stefen , robert and his friend and manager , chris , had also taken their places beside him .
roy asks incredulously , loud enough to interrupt the entire place .
looks like i m just in time , he said , noting the place set for him at the opposite end of the table .
with a smile he said , but you had a place set for me .
so handsome , one sighed as he took his place next to chevrier .
mary ann saw that the bottom of the grandstand was packed with uniforms and dark suits , but at the top , henri meurthe had a place all to himself .
those at the top held their places ; those coming up pushed their way to the front .
all around them , couples were taking their places for the new dance to begin .
as the players left the court , a few in the crowd decided to also leave - hispanics who had actually turned up to watch their countrymen play rather than book a place for the main event of the day .
he looked totally at ease as he took his place at the table , all smiles and very dashing in a smart italian suit , apologising profusely for keeping them waiting an overlong match having detained him at melbourne park .
he took his place in the back of the line .
the band played on as servers bustled about the room , depositing cake and ice cream at the various place settings .
i went and sat in my place .
according to our teachers , we were allotted places in such a way that it would be tough for us to copy others papers .
in england the balls were simple , jolly affairs : on the day after christmas , boxing day , masters and servants changed places for the day , dancing together .
very slowly but very surely she pulled herself up by her good leg and then , with a small and almost controlled gasp , took her place inside .
donna did nt even have a chance to utter a prayer that the backstage gossip about noras future was right before the places !
the awful realization that the children were no longer children hit home on the day nate pulled into the driveway of georgies house , a pair of red and white p plates taking pride of place in the front and back windows of the car he was driving .
it was the nicest restaurant in town , valet parking , in - house string quartet , gold - trimmed place settings , all of it .
then her eyes diverted to the place setting , how many knives , forks and spoons ? ? ?
do n't worry dante smiled , watching how for the last few minutes , tammy had done nothing but look at her place setting .
tammy slid off the stool and took her place next to dante and tried to imagine exactly what mrs waters was seeing ; a tiny fragile pale girl standing next to a man that was obviously out of her league .
he was given a place among the hawkeyes , a group of expert archers reserved for only those who could send their arrow through a small rosebud at three hundred paces .
taking their places at the table on the balcony , they stood opposite of us , facing the crowd below .
` ` way too late , '' he said as he led her to their place at the head of a glittering , opulently set table .
the group of men found a place for their eye - catching guest , visible to most of them .
he d already put out two place settings .
instead , i d been looking down at the ice , nearly seeing a game take place down there even though there were no players .
she indicated a place next to her .
when they took places at the table , luke announced , the captain has some good news .
the other womans brows shot up and she pursed her lips as she turned to leave the booth and take her place on the other side of the glass .
they reached the end of the hymn before the procession was complete and all the ministers and choir members in their places , so the organist improvised by playing another verse .
becca looked around the room , greeted a couple of familiar faces with a smile and wave , and searched for a place to sit .
when he called becca to the table , the lights of the kitchen were off and the tables lone candle lit , the wine glasses were full ( beccas with ice water , his with french burgundy leftover from making the entre weeks before ) , and the foodbeef burgundy over noodles and steamed broccoli tossed in fresh lemon juice on warmed plates , tossed salad on salad plates , and crusty french rolls in a bread basketwas carefully and lovingly arranged at the two place settings .
when kim chen was seated back at the table , sophie walked into the auditorium and resumed her place next to the director .
sophie sat at the head of the table and waited until the twelve men and women had taken their places , filled their glasses with water and opened their folders .
after the short chitchat , we all take our places , each in a rowing machine for a short warm up .
unwilling to lose my place , i did nt bother looking up .
i was shocked when i received a letter back saying i needed to come down to norleans for this award dinner , and to see which place i won .
kelly took her place and tried not to look at anyone .
kelly whipped into her place , unpacked the refrigerated and frozen items in her grocery bags , and grabbed her purse .
clen pulled in a breath , let it out , and took her place next to marian .
the new cemetery across town had been used for decades , except for my grandpa and some other original settler families who were still allowed places beneath the tall cedars .
she opened the takeaway bag and was happy to find place settings for 2 people .
after a try or two , i found a place at columbia .
the setting out of bowls and plates roused the patients and they shuffled uneasily past miss brant to take a place at the table .
but when someone else reached for susans bread , elizabeth , sitting beside the empty place , glanced up and made a protesting sound .
an armchair and the corner of a bed peeking out from behind a curtained alcove provided the only other seating , so neil took a place at the table .
she had so many wishes crowding together in her head , jostling for a place at the front of the queue .
just let me know and dad will add another place setting .
sarah looked over to see who had taken richies place and saw matt watching her .
he normally took the place of honor on the shelf behind the check - out area .
laura quickly moved it closer to the luggage heap , which ryan dutifully loaded into the back of the van , then took his place in the passengers seat while she familiarized herself with the myriad of controls .
she gave him a grateful smile as he headed over to his own seat at the head of the table and took his rightful place .
his eyes brightened to yellow - green when he watched her take her place at the other end .
lets get started , she said firmly , and he took his place beside her , clicking open his pen and grabbing the first stack of papers .
and she saved me a place in the cafeteria line on pizza day , like it was an honor for her to be doing it .
harry had nt missed the part where she offered to stay at nates to give you a place at miriams .
i kept telling myself that they were nothing alike , and they were n't , but looks like a vampire , kills like a vampire * * * we 'd switched places and driving was a welcome distraction ; it kept my mind from wandering .
bustling into his place , dolly gave two sharp yaps and a twinkly wink .
the couple greted the relatives and friends , sat down to their place and were talking with them .
miles motioned for everyone to precede him to the dining room and tooty almost groaned aloud when she saw the elegant room and beautiful place settings .
chapter 18 : bumpkin girl tooty set the place settings on the table and thunked a plate down .
there were other places swings in a semicircle in front of a space reserved for the dance and orchestra .
finally found a place in a corner almost behind the scenes , behind the first row of tables .
we acknowledged as politely , and humbly , as we could and found our places after much greeting and salutation .
as noah took his place behind the podium , heather turned stiffly toward the front of the room and shifted in her chair , looking a little like a deer caught in the proverbial headlights and a lot like a guy trying to hide an erection .
a table is waiting with two place settings and a vase of yellow tulips .
the place settings are labeled and i move around the room looking for my name .
the place was filled , almost , and i had no choice of seats .
i took my place with my violet bouquet in tow , and could nt help but be spellbound as candice walked down the aisle on her fathers arm .
with a cup of coffee in front of him and a frothy drink at the place opposite him at the small metal table .
on cue , the stage managers voice announced over the speaker system , places please .
they were going to be used in the churchs life - sized nativity set for the play that was to take place during the holiday festival .
you owe me a buck if i can pull this off , he said and turned around and made his way to take his place in the burned - out manger .
no , we do nt have room for one more per thanks , boss , winton said , shuffling anton to the middle seat so he could take his place sitting right in front of his favourite black licorice .
she set four place settings , so i assumed drake would be coming down .
jude southerland pushed the massive black newfoundland onto the floor and took his place in the ancient brown corduroy recliner .
she was looking forward to they can sit down to their places and when this moment came and she could mingle with the large number of people , a lot o tension was over in her .
raad moves quickly , wondering in the process why he has been moved to the back from his usual place in the front row , unable to know that in about fifteen seconds , he will suddenly find out .
there were three open places in a row , and i assumed it d be rude to sit in the middle seat , so the choice was down to sitting by eric or louie .
five minutes later they took their place in the line to see santa claus .
i took my place closest to the side where gina and bethany were standing offstage chatting it up with raptor .
she also wondered if nick could find a place for them at the paper .
when a member of the league wishes to meet a confidant , the meeting usually takes place on a boat , a yacht to be more precise , for reasons you can understand .
he took his place in the middle row .
he touched a man on the shoulder then slipped him a twenty to switch places .
she tried to recall the peace shed periodically felt during the trip , but seated just a few places down from jamie blistered her with agitation .
she set them down on the table and took her place across from me .
their only place was the one adrian had made for them .
charlie curtis , the county sheriff , looked across the table at his friend just as miles took his place at the table .
' allow me to secure you a place , ma'am . '
he helped her to one of the seats , then took his place in the other , on the opposite side of barbara carey , who tactfully remained silent , letting the moment speak for itself .
a vacant chair at the dinner table , an empty place on the sofa .
have a seat , dr . liam , '' she said as she plunked the bowl onto the table and took her own place .
karen stuffed bread sticks into a water glass and carried it over to their place settings .
` ` there 're only two place settings , '' maureen pointed out to her daughter .
her gaze fell on the table with the polished silver and the two place settings .
once julie was seated , he took his own place across from her ; they both had a full view of the parade of christmas ships as they sailed or motored past .
` ` i 'll set an extra place at the table , '' dean said as though it was a foregone conclusion that roy would be joining them .
the technician rose , and the doctor took her place .
they reached the pulpit and then daniel reached down and gently kissed her on the cheek , before taking his place next to her son .
he pulled the dome off my place setting and revealed a massive cheeseburger and fries .
i try to push those thoughts and memories away before i do something that will end with one phone call for me , and instead study the menu that 's printed on the paper place mats on the table .
after giving bella a short respite carlos and mandy switch places to include the parts bella and i have agreed on before - a stylized black dragon soon circles the stem of her lily , while my half - finished dragon clutches a lily in the talons of his left front leg .
being the last to reach the table i ' m forced to take the last remaining place , between bella and jazz .
alice meets my gaze levelly as she takes her place again , but she does n't seem apologetic in the least .
it 's fun for once to watch her not hold back in the least , and i even feel a little resentful when she tells me to get out from under the table so jazz can take my place .
i take my place in the back again while jazz seems to consider his next step , probably a little overwhelmed by my info dump .
she then resumes her former place with a smile in my direction , and her husband is next .
a murmur of voices surrounded us and we turned to watch as everyone got into their places near the end of the aisle .
i kissed her one more time , and took my place at the end of the aisle , my heart clawing its way up my throat .
but then i settled in and found my place .
pax looks at me as we switch places and he hands me the bar .
pax shakes his head as we switch places so he can do his second set .
when we switch places for my second set , pax changes the subject .
he starts fiddling with the fork at his place setting , and i wilt under his stare .
sam tries to snatch it from her , but she bats him away and he grumbles , grabbing the men 's black equivalent that 's positioned at his place setting .
meghann found a place in the back .
oh , and though he 's not much on decoration , he has managed to fill his place with photos of the wife who divorced him . ''
when this wedding does n't take place , she 'll think i ' m a liar , as well as incompetent , and they will take molly from me for sure , '' she yelled , as she stalked closer to him .
` ` charlie stepped up to take their place , though , '' he finished , pointing to his long - time best friend .
she would n't trade places with crew if she could .
despite it being so large and taking up most of the room , only a few places were set at the far end of the table .
she asked solicitously as they took their places at the head table .
` ` unsweetened , '' she said and took her place at the table .
there were two place settings , opposite each other , and he 'd used aurora 's loveliest china and crystal .
the round table was covered with colorful place mats and the umbrella positioned to block out the setting sun .
all margaret had to do was carry them to the table and arrange each place setting .
before colette could stop her , she 'd called for doris , instructing the housekeeper to set another place at the table .
the teenager and the man had both taken places at a large table and looked up as she approached .
they 'd been fortunate enough to secure a place on the grassy area in front of the water .
ritchie asked as we found our place .
he did n't tell her he could n't remember the last time he 'd taken a place mat from the drawer in the buffet .
a few squeezed out past them , and some people squeezed in to take their places .
` ` i saved you a place at my table , '' charlotte told jack , eager for her friends to meet him .
they entered the crowded locker room and grace found a place on the bench .
the wedding would take place in the small chapel at the catholic church , with father donahue presiding .
seth quickly added another place setting .
the bailiff announced her arrival and those congregated halfheartedly rose to their feet as she took her place behind the bench .
it was still early , but they always arrived a good hour before the concert began in order to secure their special place .
by the time she arrived at the taco shack , bruce had found a place at one of the picnic tables .
he 'd switched places so he could sit across from her .
jolene chattered for a while , then selected a crayon from the juice glass filled with them and started to color the paper place mat , which had a connect - the - dots outline of a bunny .
they were in an outrageously expensive seattle restaurant , where each place setting featured more cutlery than rachel owned .
starkweather 's servants - mostly bent old men and women and a sour - faced female housekeeper - had done as he 'd asked and had set three extra places for supper , which consisted of a dark , lumpy stew ladled out of a silver tureen by a woman in a black dress and white cap , so bent and old that tessa had to physical y prevent herself from leaping up to assist her with the serving .
a place had been set for starkweather as well , but he was n't at it .
his place had been set , his plate fil ed with stew , even his wineglass fil ed with dark red wine , but there had been no sign of him .
they had not gathered for breakfast as they usual y did ; there had been no formal announcement as to why , but tessa guessed that the idea of going on with breakfast , with jessamine 's place empty , as if nothing had happened , had been too dreadful for charlotte to bear .
each place was set with sterling silver utensils and holly had dragged out her rarely used fine china for the occasion .
the brothers took their places , and they began to eat .
when i look up , i catch daniel 's gaze and lose my place .
in the courtroom , she took her place at the defendant 's table .
behind her , in the first row of gallery seating , several junior associates and paralegals took their places .
` ` let 's take our places and get ready to knock his socks off . ''
i 'll come upstairs and tell you when to swap places . ''
` ` allow me to secure you a place , ma'am . ''
vaughn and carrie left their places in order to give others an opportunity to try out the sleigh .
there were twenty - two places .
she could have tilted her chin up and walked through the whispering crowd and taken her single place at that double opening .
rather than putting them at opposite ends of the long table , he 'd created two place settings much closer together , at one corner .
at erica 's insistence that she join them , and trevor 's reassurance that her presence was more than welcome , there was a place set for her near the end of the long , cloth - draped table , directly on trevor 's left .
` ` i felt the same way , '' erica put in from her place beside christian at the head of the table .
nathan and garrett waited at the end and smiled indulgently as elizabeth took her place next to them .
a member of the staff came out with breakfast and coffee , arranging the place settings quickly and efficiently before disappearing as swiftly as he 'd appeared .
turning to ask kristin to switch me places , i see her face and go pale .
whistles and other remarks floated around the room as the whole place came to a hush .
but the other new students seemed to have already found their places among the crowd .
as the rst six students took their places on the deck , luce felt huge pressure to pick up the entire art of fencing right away .
arriane looked about a second away from putting shelby in her place , but then she set down her co ee .
lucinda took her place on the third seat from the left .
` ` yeah , '' dean replied , taking the place in .
there were three places set and it was obvious she was in between them .
when it was finally time for dinner , kate took her place at the head table , with johnny on one side of her and the president of syndiworld on the other .
inside , they took up most of the first row , saving places for the rest of the family ; kate 's wheelchair was positioned on the end of the aisle .
i relieve mimi , take my place at the counter and wait to see what happens .
we all take our places in the booth .
we took the same places on the sofas as last week and watched ' old school ' .
i see the games have stopped and everyone has taken their usual places on the sofas watching yet another will ferrell movie .
she and i took our places at one of the tables with some royals whose names i promptly forgot .
then he was gone , and julia was escorted to her place of honor in the front row .
he kissed her long and good in front of a hundred bone china place settings , and gently pecked her ear .
with as little noise as possible , she took her place next to katherine , who sat at the head of the long , oak table .
she saw two place settings of china , crystal , and silver , and a bottle of what appeared to be champagne .
i ' m sure she 'd set an extra place for you . ''
without being told twice , madison took her place and dug in , listening to the flow of conversation around her as everyone else settled back around the long tables .
she grinned as they took their places in line .
oscar poked his head between oliver 's seat and emma 's , and she was left with the distinct impression that she 'd taken the dog 's place .
as she politely thanked him for the ride , oscar took her place in the passenger seat - well , his place , she assumed .
lily stared in wonder at the place mats , napkins and dishes for two .
he frowned at the expansive quantity of silverware at his place setting and i gave his knee a gentle squeeze underneath the table .
hugh was relieved to see that the dining room was clean and kept in usable condition , but he was slightly disappointed to see only two place settings on the long mahogany table .
she hurried toward the raised dais , where bowen already sat , and beamed at her brother as she directed genevieve to take one of the empty places on either side of bowen .
they took their places on the twin benches - michael and betsy on one side , lulu and jolene on the other .
he was allowed to hug his parents - briefly - and then took his place beside michael .
` ` so , '' a tall gentleman who had n't spoken yet said , ` ` when is the wedding to take place ? ''
i barely felt it when his lips pressed against mine - briefly , but long enough for the whole place to erupt in cheers .
we made our way through the crowd , searching for the place cards with our names on them .
ewan shared his place at the head of the table with mairin .
she turned and sat straight in her seat just as eugene hanks , pete 's attorney , took his place behind his big mahogany desk and cleared his throat .
and i think my mother 's got it all fixed so you can have a place on the reviewing stand with senator warren , his daughter , and the rest of the local vips .
they took their places , placards clutched in their hands .
he used to set a place at the table for him , not that carmine liked pop 's cooking .
to be honest , i ' m not inclined to set a place for the angel at the dinner table .
hettie sniffled from her place in a small wing chair that sat beside a thirteen - foot , impeccably decorated christmas tree .
` ` oh , while it 's on my mind , you 'll need to set an extra place this evening , '' miriam said .
lil and the bridesmaids took their places on the bride 's side of the altar and the minister began to speak .
each glass was adorned with handmade stem jewelry , and each place card held a personalized message on the back .
` ` mr . borreto , we made a place for you next to your daughter .
jeisa took her place between a determined - looking jeremy and her angry father .
our table grows every year , and i want to thank my brother for always graciously setting another place as it does . ''
there was a problem last year when people tried to hold places in line - a problem that quickly turned into people smacking each other with rolled - up flobie catalogs , throwing cookie tins , stomping on each other 's lawn chairs , and dumping lukewarm cocoa on each other 's santa claus - hatted heads .
the colonel pulled out a spiral notebook , the top half of which was soaking wet , and slowly pulled the pages apart until he found his place .
it would take place at a historic paris hotel , and after confirming that the photographer , makeup artist , lighting techs , and catering would all be there , i then double - checked fiona 's notes in the post - it bible for anything i might have missed .
having done all she could , barrie stood and went to zane , who slipped his arm around her waist and briefly hugged her close before they left to take their places .
r wonders aloud , interrupting the scene again , and i feel a lurch as we swap places .
you 're going to do those things , r murmurs down to julie , and he and i swap places again .
he jumped from his seat and they switched places , as he paced the luxurious burgundy carpet .
poetry night was taking place at bookcrazy and she could n't be late .
she clicked off her earpiece , grabbed her files , and took her place at the table .
sable sank back into the chair as the captain took his place on the opposite side of the desk .
amelia took her place and looked up .
she reached the end of the aisle , took her place and lifted her eyes to find toby 's silvery - blue gaze focused with unwavering intent on her .
fortunately - for the convenience of the guests - it had taken place in seattle , not hawaii .
rona gripped her friends ' hands and blinked back tears as harry , dressed in a dark gray tux , walked across an emerald lawn and took his place next to the minister in front of a makeshift altar .
with an effort he even found his place .
when i left they were using the slide rule to calculate the exact dimensions of the table and figure out if the place settings were equidistant from each other . ''
she looked up to see that the places had been set and the food was on the table .
no places had been set at the table .
teague 's expression became annoyed when he saw eveline occupying bowen 's place .
bowen was silent as he went to take his place on the other side of rorie .
rorie followed behind and slid into her place next to bowen .
when mia and tyler were settled in the backseat , lexi took her place beside zach .
as always she sat next to a blank spot and an extra place setting .
his bailiff , an elegant asian man in uniform , smiled brightly as he took his place near the bench .
when the meal was ready , they took their places at the table .
they took their places in the rockers again , though the room had changed now that the sun had dropped .
though she understood that he was gone , she set two place settings at the dinner table just the same .
she pulled some china plates from the old oak breakfront in the corner and quickly set two places at the breakfast table .
i 'd better add another place at the table . ''
she 'd sat quietly in her place at the table , pushing the food around her plate and hoping no one would notice she was n't eating .
what the devil did he - then i caught sight of fergus , elbowing viciously to keep his place near the front of the crowd .
the christies had the place of honor in the center of the first bench : malva christie , demure in a lacy cap , her brother sitting protectively on one side , her father on the other , apparently unaware of the occasional looks shot her way by some of the young men .
the duke 's small , merry blue eyes had met mine with a look of guileless confidence that his whims would be accommodated , and i had had no choice but to smile and nod , and tell magnus to be sure another place was set .
the comte brushed close to me as he went to take his place .
while jamie could have claimed a place in the manse with the other officers , he instead took my arm and turned me aside , heading between the cottages and up a hill , into one of the scattered small groves that lay outside tranent .
jamie found me a seat on a nearby stone , before taking up the place indicated next to colum .
blearily assenting , i clambered awkwardly over the seat back , changing places with bonnet , and found a place in the wagonbed next to the slumbering form of young ian .
after two nights of sleep interrupted by the bumps and muttered insults of his shipmates , he had swapped places and ended in the space next the bulkhead , where he would have only one companion to discommode .
a few tentative notes from the upper end of the hall signaled an imminent beginning to the entertainment , and we hastily took our places , jamie seating himself between laoghaire and myself .
my place fell in the middle of the party , flanked on the one side by a man - at - arms whose name i did not know , and on the other by ned gowan , the little scribe i had seen at work in colum 's hall .
she rose ceremoniously from her place , waddled round the table and cuffed jamie good - naturedly on the ear .
jamie and i , somewhat lower in status , took our places at a table with rupert and ned gowan .
i heard the faint creak of a lowered seat behind me , as anselm found his place .
the ceremony - conducted in french - took place in jocasta 's small sitting room upstairs , attended only by the bridal pair , the priest , himself and claire as witnesses , and brianna and her young man .
following a group of men into a saloon , she found an empty place on the end of a long bar and ordered a sarsaparilla .
julia took her place in front of dee , just across from damien , and smiled nervously at her grandmother .
mr . stephens briskly walked ahead of us , taking his place behind a tal desk with a computer .
cynthia fidgeted with her hair , and then took her place beside me , poised and proper .
i noticed the end of the table had an extra , empty place setting .
riley and coach take their places at the corner while remington removes his riptide robe and hands it over .
then , i stride into my place and my heart swells at the sound of nora 's excited voice , reminding me she 's here .
elena took her place opposite , beside don fernando .
the four took their places at the end of the table .
the television went off in a flash , and four children rushed into the dining room , taking their places at the table like a rampaging herd of buffalo .
macy was waiting for her own introduction - his name was scott , was n't it ? -when a very tall , very beautiful blonde came in behind seth 's brother and took her place beside him .
macy did n't miss the mouthed ` ` thank you '' she sent her way as they took places around the dining room table and a smorgasbord of chips and sandwiches and drinks .
she 's already finding her place .
to her complete surprise , max was one of the witnesses , and he winked at her as she and rome took their places before the judge .
sarah sat down at the small table , and he served the meal , then took his place across from her .
she set two places at the table and pulled out the containers of hot food .
when they entered the hall , the places were being set and mairin was already at the table .
gannon led her to a seat next to mairin and then took the place on the other side of keeley .
she refused to look at alaric , who sat several places down between rionna and laird mcdonald .
a third place was set - the one sibyl had motioned for helen to use .
they did the awkward tango , switching places , only this time it was harder with her unable to see much of anything .
a moment later , an efficient servant moved a damask - upholstered wooden chair to a place beside her .
layla watched as he set a rudimentary place setting for her at a small round table by the window .
a group of cackling girls walk in behind me , and i ' m quick to secure a place in line .
i picture them waiting until we all have places of our own , and then they 'll make the rounds .
with that , he had them switch places ; her hands and feet were now on the controls , with his atop hers , and they repeated the process from the beginning .
the guardian richard stood beside julie just inside the door as she craned her neck , looking for a place to sit .
i 'll get you a place in one of the booths . ''
after taking our places , we bowed our heads and i said grace , thanking god for all that we had been given .
fresh candles and flowering centerpieces appeared as if conjured so that when the crew from the restaurant arrived , they had only to fold linen napkins into the shape of swans to put the finishing touches on the place settings .
chapter 3 after confirming and reserving our places on the trip around the world , micah and i began to make the necessary preparations .
i took a place at the table , and savannah 's mom poured me a cup of coffee before setting a plate of bacon and eggs in front of me .
surprising me , savannah took her place again , holding her glass of wine .
the ceremony took place in what was usually the academy 's dining room , a room they were able to remarkably transform into something as grand and elaborate as we 'd find at the royal court .
it was the only place large enough to hold us all , since more than just st . vladimir 's grads were in attendance .
he walked away from the little podium and the blond hostess took his place .
rose nodded toward the table and the three place settings .
there was a long rectangular table , with place settings for each guest .
the china at each place setting was white with platinum trim .
dean walked down the aisle alone and took his place at the altar .
thornton returned just then with another cup that he placed upon the table across form mary 's place setting .
turning his head , william immediately spotted lucy and found himself breathless by her beauty for the second time that evening , the first time being when she 'd appeared in the parlor a couple of hours earlier as he 'd waited to escort her into the ballroom where they 'd taken their places by the door in anticipation of their guests .
he strode inside , and while he did a cursory check of the downstairs social rooms , he knew in his gut he 'd find her upstairs where all the action took place .
` ` as balan and osgoode did not bother bringing a tent for the journey , and we did , i have offered my place in the tent to you , murie .
she tried totell herself that he was justtired , but it wasas if her three cousins had made a place forthemselvesinher head , for avelyn could heartheir voices claiming thathehad only approachedher the first time out of duty and now could not bear to bebothered with herplump body again .
a young man in his late twenties took his place behind her .
` ` get in , '' she said , and the others took their places .
the instant spent working his way around his campaign manager cost matthew the precious time needed to catch ashley before she took her place in front of the podium .
crystal , china and silver place settings were set for - she counted - sixteen .
let 's go across to the library and talk for a moment while the staff sets a place for you both . ''
when her mother , who had come to see her without calling first , asked about the extra place setting , kelly broke down and sobbed in her arms the way she 'd done as a child .
it was like some secret code ; a song would end and another would begin , dancers streaming off the floor while others replaced them , choosing their places in line , leaving her with the impression that the whole thing had been choreographed in advance .
because really , no one else had a place at this table .
` ` i have a place lined up .
santa ascended to his special chair , a huge cushioned monstrosity set up on the curtained dais , and cassie took her place beside him .
luckily , shawn was in town for a benefit and he 'd promised to hand - letter the place cards .
there were sprigs of holly beside each place card for a festive accent .
she 'd been murdering ` ` old rugged cross '' as the congregation took their places , and i was the last one in .
the whole place is waking from jake 's anger and i see the place start to empty of people , leaving just me and him .
denny and smith are called for and they disappear back on stage to take their places .
we make our way out of the tent , and simone is there waiting to take her place behind me .
landon and cooper had made a place for her between them .
then cooper was helping her up and taking her place on the plush earth next to landon .
here was her family , looking for places to sit in an empty house that yesterday had been a home .
on one end there were two place settings .
in the dining rooms , she went from table to table , checking every detail , making sure the salt and pepper shakers were filled , that the place settings were clean and properly placed .
they spent another hour in the square , and then walked to church for midnight mass , which in this day and age took place at ten .
fuming , i sat down at the table , which he had already set with two places .
as soon as bethy was in her place i stepped in front of the minister and looked directly down the aisle .
dressed in the clothes they 'd worn in ventura , their private ceremony had taken place in front of her lemon trees all decked out with ribbons .
christopher and annie sat on opposite sides of the box , which left no place for him , so he stood there in the middle .
she even made him sit by her when they all took their places at the table .
morgan sighed , squirmed in her place , and looked down at her hands folded in her lap .
hunter led kata off by the hand , and most of the crowd followed them for the nickel tour , slapping hunter 's back and congratulating the couple on their new place .
blake unbuttoned the top button on his suit jacket before taking his place at the table .
fortunately , the places had been grouped at one end so they would n't have to shout at one another during the meal .
` ` change places with this fellow so i can have a better look at you . ''
she had a feeling duncan had waited for her to sit down before taking his place opposite and one over from her .
penny took her place behind the lectern and adjusted the mike , because she was taller than kate .
` ` i forgot the place mats . ''
as he located place settings and opened a bottle of red he 'd found in her wine rack , he anticipated the pleasure of sharing another dinner with rachel .
i mean , with place mats and salad forks and everything .
then he leaves to pull up an extra chair to the table , offering tiny the place where he usually sits .
me : well , let 's take our places .
she saw herself as if from a distance : a forty - year - old woman , holding a cup of coffee , looking at two empty places at the table , and at the husband who was still here , and for a split second she wondered what other life that woman could have lived .
the turkey - and - all - the fixings dinner had only highlighted the empty place at the table .
nina returned to the table , took a place opposite her mother .
she scooped up the two place settings and put them down on the small oak table tucked into the nook in the kitchen .
meredith walked in then ; she noticed the two place settings and her face scrunched in irritation .
the minute her sister was seated , nina quickly set another place at the table and then got the crystal decanter .
there were three place settings .
that 's how long we 'll have an empty place at the table . ''
` ` you have places at the early seating for dinner .
beck followed and patted her on the shoulder before he took his place beside seth .
he handed her a plate of food and took a place next to her .
already , she sat at her place , fidgeting with her napkin .
she glanced at him onstage as he took his place behind a grand piano .
lucy ann was far more impressed with jayne 's nursing capabilities and her motherhood savvy than with what kind of place setting graced her table .
all the patrons had flocked out front to the street side to watch the crowds already claiming their places to watch the race .
he took his place beside her , no fancy trappings but no less beautiful than the places they 'd traveled .
stacie jiggled off again , returning moments later with an additional wineglass , a bottle of wine , and another place setting .
then he strode easily up the white satin aisle that spilled over the grass , and took his place beside the groom .
he glanced around until he saw a waiter - or whatever passed for a waiter in this place , since they were all dressed like maitre d's - and waved the guy down in the most obnoxious way he knew how .
because the entire auditorium had gone absolutely silent , every eye in the place riveted to the two women 's exchange .
if you 'd like , i can see that an extra place is added , so that you have a chance to speak to him about all this .
he opened his mouth to say something else , but his server arrived to place a short , amber - colored cocktail in front of him and a dewy pink cosmopolitan on the table at the place directly next to his .
then she was gliding away to take her place behind jimmy hyde again .
when they got to the breakfast room , olive - benjamin 's wife and the housekeeper at the tides - greeted them warmly , and gram asked her to set another place at the table .
looking around in shock , she could n't see a single bare place on any of the tables in the room .
fear still lurked just beneath the surface , but curiosity was quickly taking its place .
tanner 's first attorney obediently sat down , but another one rose in his place .
a semblance of a smile touched his lips as a little blond girl with big brown eyes and rosy cheeks took the boy 's place on tanner 's lap .
ally squeezed tate 's arm as she passed and smiled at him as she took her place across from where travis had stood a moment ago .