` ` you do n't deserve my seed . ''
ms . wertheim liked to spread news like a wind spreads seeds and by the end of the day , everyone would know that ella had received a man into her apartment .
she watched him for a moment but had to laugh as he immediately started chopping it up , seeds , core and all .
` ` planting the seeds , '' jamie said .
` ` planting seeds , huh ? ''
but he figured he might as well start planting those seeds .
she did n't require him to answer back much , so he 'd let his attention wander , half - listening to her , half - daydreaming in the warm sun , his mind slipping away to the how s and why s of seeds , dirt , water , and bees .
he was just planting the seeds , that was all .
i ' m starting some seeds at the bunkhouse .
sophie loved the walk , enjoying the smell of the newly turned over soil that was prepared for the seeds from the farms .
celine knew that working in the garden , planting seeds and nurturing the flowers were all excellent therapy for her little charge .
then it was kylie 's job to water the seeds while celine weeded out that section of the garden to make sure they did n't choke the seedlings when they popped out of ground .
you had to see all the kids as seeds of hope and the volunteers as gardeners who would nurture them and let them grow to their full potential .
i 'll grow a paunch and go to seed .
jenna leaned back and moaned as mr . hayes ' hot seed coated tracy 's insides .
cotton had hard seeds at the center , nearly impossible to get out without the right equipment .
gone were seeds kept in large glass jars , ones that you could n't find on ebay or at littman 's nursery five miles up the road .
it was n't just seeds or flowers ; it was her legacy .
christian tucked into a slice of lemon pound cake with poppy seed icing , groaning his appreciation .
the flower beds had long ago gone to seed and now there were only monstrous weeds fighting each other for space .
she 's a bad seed if you ask me . ''
because he looked so very much like luis , he was most unfairly cast as a bad seed who would also bring shame upon us all . ''
' a seed does n't grow if it has n't been planted in ground that suits it .
' you look like a prize - winning mixed seed packet blooming in summer . '
you 're a bad seed just like that movie we saw on television ... you 'll come to no good , you mark my words ... you ca n't make a silk purse out of a sow 's ear , and that 's what you are - a sow 's ear : birds of a feather flock together , that 's why you hang around with trashy street kids .
but planting some seeds about this place , starting a nasty rumor here or there ... geez , i am evil , are n't i ?
and before seth went spreading his seed with her costar , he should probably know about the seed he 'd possibly implanted in her .
i 'll fill her up with my seed and i will make reparation to myself , by never telling her how that seed is as portuguese as her own .
but , out of nowhere , jade plants her little poisonous seeds in your head , and the first time my commitment to you or hunter is called into question , you believed the she - wolf in trashy clothing rather than me , lexi , the one who was always at your side , looking out for you , helping you . ''
jenna knew exactly what she was doing , planting a seed that would slowly fester and grow .
regret that his seed would n't take root .
do you want me to spill my seed right here ?
wring my seed from me . ''
pigeons - which jake called ' vermin ' - flocked around the people , landing on them as they fed the birds bread and seed .
these were mostly good guys , but every now and again a bad seed slipped in , particularly among the rookies , who no one really had a good handle on for a couple of years .
the veins in his head were throbbing , his hand and belly spattered with seed .
his energy poured out of him with his seed , blending their life force in a flare of light .
lungs that felt like magnus 's sucked in air , but only bryan 's seed jetted like a fountain when zoe 's sex squeezed again .
this was the closest thing he knew to coming without actually spilling seed .
` ` i feel like never leaving , actually , '' i said , my eyes moving from flower to flower , losing myself in the colors and lazy , dancing motes of pollen and fuzzy seed pods floating on the light breeze .
and she became impregnated with his seed and gave birth to his child !
and i ' m thinking that not many men could plant the seeds of an empire at fifteen .
i squeeze my hands into fists , because i do not want to be jealous of a ghost , and yet i feel those tiny green seeds begin to sprout inside me .
we met when we were broken seeds , when we were still being formed into something .
i watched as a jet of white seed spurted onto the slope of my boobs and slid down between them , washed away by the water still sluicing down from above , hot but going warm now .
he just got some twisted , narcissistic satisfaction out of knowing he proliferated so greatly , planted his seed far and wide .
` ` there 's always one bad seed to spoil the lot , '' chuck says , ` ` but we ' ve weeded him out now , thanks to you . ''
` ` you really think there was just that one bad seed ? ''
i was n't impassioned by the technicality of how to make the quality cut of a rose or how to make sure the newly planted seeds needed this amount of water or how much sunshine it ought to get .
the lotus flower starts as a seed in the mud beneath a body of water and gradually grows upward until it reaches the surface to bloom .
when i milked myself of all the seed i had , i opened my eyes .
i let all of my weight fall on top of her and kissed her , groaning into her mouth as i pumped my hips sporadically until i had no more seed to give .
it just intrigues me how if you plant a seed , people will cultivate it .
did he plant the seed , bring her in on a scheme , and use her to make sure it all ended the way he wanted it to ?
her pu**y clamped around his c**k as it pulsed , milking every last seed .
his words settled in her like a seed and she knew he 'd coax her to bloom beneath his hands .
of course , that did n't mean i could n't plant the seed , make her wonder .
quiet satisfaction took root when i imagined making a tiny seed grow again on my own , without the overwhelming wealth and security of blake 's bank account and business prowess .
her womb kept contracting to keep all that seed inside .
gus dutton 's place had gone to seed in the years since his wife passed on and his offspring decided they were too good to ranch in wyoming .
trevor 's seed bathed her insides .
` ` once you get the soil in the cup - jeremy honey , only fill it halfway , no , do n't pack it so tight - we 'll put in the seeds . ''
once everyone has soil in their cup , we 'll move to the next step , the fun part ; planting the seeds . ''
after the seeds were planted , and another thin layer of soil sprinkled on top , and each cup was watered , the kids lined up at two sinks and washed up .
crack the seeds .
now when he spit out his spent seeds she 'd hear a ping against the paper cup after the pa - tooey spitting sound .
` ` but you 're telling me to suck it up as far as your need for seed . ''
did n't aj threaten to cut off your big swinging dick filled with demon seed if she ever saw it again ? ''
ainsley 's pu**y squeezed his c**k as seed shot out of his shaft .
her cunt spasmed so powerfully around his c**k he thought the contractions might suck the seed right out of his balls .
first by his hand and then by his seed .
not seed .
` ` i 'll get your seed order and meet you at the truck . ''
i went so far as to scour my seed supplier 's online catalogue .
if he 'd planted his seed in carolyn , he 'd happily marry her .
he rubbed his razor - stubbled cheeks and jaw across the firm flesh , amazed as always that a new life had taken seed inside her .
i would have us join now without delay and then return to my own land , once i have planted my seed within your belly . ''
in particular , our island was lovely as the workers come to plant seeds and sing .
` ` and you have sown the seeds of your ultimate demise .
` ` whore am i , set , for birthing and suckling your repulsive , defective seed ?
yea , let each warrior cling unto a wife , that his seed may bear fruit and our race prevail .
he crawled out one afternoon while i was watering the seeds . ''
a bastard seed who betrays you to the grave .
i ' ve got a week 's worth of seed for you - and you 're already on the verge . ''
he could n't take more blood , nor could he plant his seed .
the scent of seed , of sex .
his seed boiled forth in a rush .
she was in the fertile time of her infrequent sorceri cycle , could all but look at seed and get knocked up .
and thus his seed ?
you wo n't release seed until you 're inside your mate . ''
no seed means demon .
his tendons stood out with strain , his mighty body toiling to free its seed .
to milk him of the seed he could finally provide ?
` ` i always thought my seed would , i do n't know , flow from me .
the jolt of sensation was startling - not to mention the memories she conjured , of when she 'd sucked his shaft thus ... now that he had seed to give her , would she take it between her lips ?
in fact , he 's trying his best to ignore the caveman - a**hole feeling he gets when he thinks that she 's somehow his , but she 's the one who put it out there , planting the idea like a tiny dark seed inside him .
a little kernel of ` ` getting it '' was there , and it was small and fragile , but it was there , pitted in my stomach like a little seed that just started to sprout .
these are but flowers of the seeds you planted when we began this together .
from this hideous captivity tessa had finally escaped , having never given birth to the sacrificial creature , and only suffering a flow of blood from the seed of each human man . ''
how far the winds of the earth can carry seeds , birds , twigs , branches , uprooted trees , i have no idea , but that which loved heat thrived in this land , and this is where we began .
it had been discovered that their seed brought death to human women , and on that account the males were kept in unbearable bondage , laden with metal chains .
in numerous encampments , when it came time for sacrifice to the gods , the chosen women , often fanatically eager for it , were brought to embrace a prisoner taltos , to arouse his passion , and then to die by his seed .
the seed shall sprout , the leaves unfurl , the boughs shall give forth blossoms , that once the nettles tried to kill , and strong men sought to trample .
a wild taltos , born to humans who had no idea they carried the seed in their blood ?
he 'd somehow slipped in when she had n't noticed , and now her feelings for him were growing like a seed planted in fertile earth .
he had a c**k full of seed that would not be denied .
nandiuml ; x looked confused as if she did n't understand the question , then finally answered , ` ` the seed was always there but was given water and sun with the lightning bolt . ''
` ` first , my body wo n't ... give up seed . ''
` ` i ca n't imagine how frustratandshy ; ing it must be not to spill your seed .
at the time , he had n't , but the seed had been planted .
` ` tw6 days , '' the old woman answered , ` ` until you can steal his seed . ''
` ` you take his seed and give nothing ... . '' now sabine told lanthe , ` ` tonight it has to be business as usual . ''
` ` i seem to have gotten demon seed on myself ! ''
he knew what she was doing , knew she was planting the seed so he 'd imagine it .
` ` reginleit , my seed !
jenks was usually easygoing , more inclined to plant seeds in the ground than people , but his land had been violated , and that brought out the worst in him .
his wife is dead , and he 's on a quest to spread his seed to the wind .
my motions to grind the seeds up grew rougher , and i leaned into the job , taking my anger out on the dandelion fluff , tick seed , and sticktights .
my motions to grind the seeds up grew rougher , and i leaned into the job , taking my anger out on the dandelion fluff , tick seed , and sticktights .
the basic tattoo was a simple dandelion flower gone to seed , the fluffy parachutes being black instead of white , and the green stem coming from a small cluster of leaves .
` ` this is good , '' she said as she added a few floating seeds from the open seed head .
` ` this is good , '' she said as she added a few floating seeds from the open seed head .
jenks snickered , wings clattering as he dropped down to take a closer look at the seed tufts .
someone shrieked when a seed punched through her wing , and the shouted threats got serious as the girls sided against the boys .
there was a sharp ping when a seed hit my biggest spell pot and ricocheted into me , making my eyes narrow .
three pixy kids darted through the hanging rack , arguing over a seed someone had found .
you will get her with child if i have to steal your seed myself .
` ` what i learned through the women is that the schon ca n't experience orgasm unless there 's an egg to receive their seed .
as if she 'd somehow planted stronger seeds of obsession in his brain , and those seeds were now growing .
and she wanted to kill anyone who would accept this man 's seed .
` ` it is i who will win his seed , '' still another growled .
the more you consider that seed , the more it 's watered , and the more it will grow .
when kane got home , he was gon na be teased mercilessly about his precious seed , his needy harem girls , and his refusal to fertilize their petunia patches .
alone with the pregnant bride of chucky , as well as the seed of chucky .
then the minions had tried to steal his seed and he ... he ... ` ` do n't call me by the demon 's name , '' he snarled , then realized his fervency had caused the children to jolt awake and cry .
they wanted to touch him and taste him and steal his seed .
we 're born with the mark , though it 's merely a seed at that time .
he would bed her immediately , this very evening , and plant his seed .
` ` only the women who prove incapable of carrying my seed are ' picked off . '
you came here to obtain my seed , '' his voice reverberated in my ears .
and what kind of man calls his se**n his ` ` seed . ''
i ' m just some seed thief . ''
plant your seed in my belly before your brother has a chance . ''
` ` and when you make a promise to assist it , you become a part of nature 's army , '' a woman in a pink blouse said , ` ` like a bee or a seed , helping keep things in greater order - all life . ''
` ` well , legend has it - according to the lilithian 's version - that the original lilith stole a seed from the fruit of wisdom and carried it away .
when she covered the seed with soil from impure lands , it grew out of the ground , tall and magnificent , then , shrivelled away and turned to stone . ''
` ` you need my brother here for that , '' he said , inching away from me as though i was going to jump on him and steal his seed .
you wan na put your ... . '' ` ` seed . ''
it 's a seed .
i wonder if deuce dating her was what brought dick 's attention to the stanton company , or if milton really did plant that seed ? ''
sprout me from a seed ?
an explosion of heat detonates inside me - a seed of hope born of nothing but sheer desperation .
that lone breath wipes all of the perennial sadness from his eyes and replaces it with a seed of hope .
` ` only one more opportunity to spread my seed over the land . ''
the thought of tad crop dusting his seed over the land is enough to make me want to vomit for a month straight .
it 's the kernel of doubt that chloe planted as small as a mustard seed , and now it 's blossomed into a spreading tree large enough to house every bird on the planet .
if he 's anything like his sister , he 's a bad freaking seed .
if his idea of taking out revenge on someone is dating them , clearly he is tad 's begotten , yet slightly forgotten , seed .
` ` i look forward to blessing the world with my own seed one day . ''
hard to believe they still want to proliferate tad 's seed even though the damaging effects have been well documented .
somehow in the short span of twenty - three years , i ' ve managed to redefine self - sabotage - partly because i hate that i lived and claire did n't , partly because i ' m a bad seed that constantly demands to fight the world .
it was me who kept things from you , even after the taming was complete , which left it open for my father to plant those seeds .
he 's the man whose seed made you .
i did n't know how but i had to plant a backbone seed in my sister - in - law and coax it to grow .
i like that we started with something deep and rich where we could plant the seed of wherever this is going instead of still digging . ''
` ` mike - '' his tight arms gave me a squeeze and he whispered , ` ` that seed you 're talkin ' about is planted , angel .
as far as that seed 's concerned all you and me got ta do is tend it and watch it grow . ''
i had thought of watering the hell out of the yard to drain away the bleach and sprinkling grass seed then watering the hell out of the yard again .
my voice dipped even lower , the bitter guilt germinating from that seed stark in my tone before i repeated , ` ` i have to live with that forever . ''
the man whose seed made me does n't exist in my world . ''
they were bad seeds from the beginning and grew that way , taught by a dad who by lydie 's account was even f**kin ' worse . ''
and this later date would be around the time she missed her first cycle and he knew his seed had found purchase in her womb , she was further bound to him through their child and the future of the realm was safe .
the dragons can not aid us in our plight and will not wake unless finnie births a drakkar from frey 's seed and even if she does , this will take years .
a bad seed .
` ` i said he was a bad seed , dahksahna circe , '' she leaned in and grinned , ` ` but i did not say he was a clever bad seed . ''
` ` i said he was a bad seed , dahksahna circe , '' she leaned in and grinned , ` ` but i did not say he was a clever bad seed . ''
you will grunt and sweat and bury your seed to create warriors .
while i was driving it inside her last night , my queen gasped that she loved my c**k right before i planted my seed in her womb , seed that might make a warrior , seed that 's already more warrior than you . ''
while i was driving it inside her last night , my queen gasped that she loved my c**k right before i planted my seed in her womb , seed that might make a warrior , seed that 's already more warrior than you . ''
` ` tonight , i planted my seed in your womb , my circe .
my golden goddess , i would hope , would not create a riot of flowers if my seed produced a warrior . ''
traitors , enemy warriors weak enough to get captured alive , spies foolish enough to be detected , they receive wasted seed .
and a warrior does not plant his seed in xacto and you , my golden queen , are not xacto . ''
as my golden queen always does , she triumphed , bringing forth not one but two heirs planted from my seed in her golden womb ! ''
never to see her heavy with my seed , never to look upon my warrior or golden daughter , never again to feel her body at sleep in our bed next to mine . ''
get him some seed , water , then to a vet the first chance we get , '' i suggested .
` ` would that we would be transported to a world where you could spend your days with my seed planted deep inside you , '' tor whispered into my neck .
but you need to know so the seed derrik planted does not grow .
when we ' ve both cl**axed and my seed is dripping from inside you , i 'll explain about brunskar . ''
the minute she laid eyes on him , she told me he was a bad seed . ''
bil y was , of course , a bad seed but mrs . montgomery thought everyone was a bad seed .
bil y was , of course , a bad seed but mrs . montgomery thought everyone was a bad seed .
she even said hol y newbury was a bad seed and hol y was sister hol y now and taught at st . malachy elementary school .
` ` i just know in dealin ' with you women , there 's always the time , the right time when you can do somethin ' that 'll get through the walls , seed , bud and grow , and that 's when you plant the wisdom .
so we just got ta wait for the right time to plant that seed . ''
it 's like it plants seeds in every part of your soul until you 're physically sick with it .
when my dad mentioned a bad seed , he was just trying to warn me away , trying to make me angry enough to drop it .
i am able to have children , i do not wish to bring any into the world , not into my world , not of my seed . ''
` ` is your seed particularly bad ?
you see they have these tiny seeds . ''
each seed has its own delicious flavor that pops in your mouth .
i was killing the bad seed .
but i can see that the seeds have been planted .
the smallest seed could cause incredible damage , given time and the right conditions to grow .
he had planted one further seed this evening .
i shall enjoy pouring my seed into you .
i was n't even sure exactly what it was that i hated , but i knew that its seed had taken root in my core as i began to sob uncontrollably .
deep in the recesses of sissy 's brain , those words were repeating , the demon 's voice like a seed planted in earth that was fertile .
it is my expectation that males have carried their seed far and wide . ''
and yet , in spite of the seed of another planted within her body , he would take her , have her , keep her ...
` ` i ' m sorry , '' he said , frowning , ` ` but what 's it going to take for me to dig up that seed that cyrus planted ?
he nodded encouragingly , and i put the seed in my mouth , trying not to make a face .
after the sixth seed was down , the crowd erupted into cheers , but that was nothing compared to the way henry was looking at me , his expression strangely gentle .
` ` that boy 's a bad seed . ''
the fact that she backed off merely made the seed she 'd planted sprout more quickly .
milton lent him a little seed money and , when he was only twenty - five , otis had started stillwater trust bank and loan .
no parent wants to acknowledge that their kid 's a bad seed .
` ` seeds ?
` ` he 's a bad seed .
he 's always been a bad seed . ''
` ` maybe i ' m just a bad seed . ''
` ` the seeds will work just fine .
` ` if that family is lucky and he 's willing to spill his holy seed into the female vessels prepared for him . ''
in a commune where a woman 's main purpose is to give pleasure and raise up seed unto the lord , that would be worse than death . ''
let your faith start as a tiny seed , if that 's all you can offer at this moment .
you would spill your seed in a heathen ? ''
every man here will spill his seed in her . ''
stem stitch and seed stitch and herringbone .
let 's find you some seeds . ''
` ` cut them open and extract the seeds , thus . ''
with a deft flick of the blade , she guts one of the pods , and three fuzzy seeds spill out .
the knife handle is smooth and well balanced , a thing of beauty , but the seed pod is tough and fibrous , and my hand is not as skilled as the nun 's .
the fabric rips and there are tiny pinging sounds as a dozen seed pearls fall and scatter across the floor .
scattering seed to the wind , perhaps ?
for he is trapped in the realm of death , and it gives him great joy to know that we who were born of his seed are able to embrace life . ''
it is most likely some new task she needs help with - taking inventory of convent supplies or checking on the seeds we have stored for the early - spring plantings .
he 'd pore over seed catalogs in bed and make georgie choose which plants she liked best .
there was something greater growing between us ; a seed that sprouted and would soon become jack 's beanstalk with just a bit of care and tenderness .
i want to lay tiny out on the big lawn and make love to her under the moon and stars until she 's full of my seed and replete from my attentions .
as she shatters in my arms , i jet all the seed ever created into her body while she clings to me like i ' m the only port in a storm .
so i planted a few seeds . ''
it is his seed which must be planted in my womb ; his seed which must be sowed and cultivated in me . ''
it is his seed which must be planted in my womb ; his seed which must be sowed and cultivated in me . ''
you want jonas 's , uh , seed ? ''
it would drop its seeds , which would lie in wait in the shade of the parent plant , until that life - giving water found them .
what would happen if that seed took root ?
` ` i ' ve already sewn the seeds , so you need to go along with it , do n't you ? ''
the seeds moved .
the roots thickened , raising the seeds , burrowing deep into the bloody mud , turning brown .
anyway , you ' ve taken my seed .
cubs were few and far between , so females in their fertile years had the drive to go for it as often as they could with as many males as were available , in order to search for the most viable seed .
viable seed got to be the permanent mate , blessed under sun and moon .
before the collar , some shifters had n't been too choosy about where they dropped their seed .
john douglas had been elderly ; perhaps his seed had n't been strong .
cameron 's seed spilled in an ecstasy of feeling and music , joy in the heat of ainsley pressed against him .
she said she 'd fooled you well and good with my seed .
his seed shot from him , finding home in juliana .
daniel shoved the startled violet away , grabbed his handkerchief , clamped it around himself , and lost his seed into it .
joe was now working a sesame seed out of his front tooth with his pinky , having apparently lost interest .
under that , a multilayered chiffon skirt was inlaid with lace clusters and tiny seed pearls .
even i , the great lori , number one seed wakeboarder on the vader 's marina team , did n't think i could scale a wooden fence wearing high heels .
20 in the garage , balanced on the handle of the seed spreader , looking out of place between the lawn mower and the tiller , was a long - stemmed pink rose .
` ` this town has gone to seed since i left . ''
` ` you should not have planted your seed within my daughter 's womb . ''
in the nights to come , he would plant his seed within the girl 's womb and pray it took root quickly .
but then , perhaps he did n't like women , did n't want a wife to share his life , but only a fertile belly in which to plant his seed .
` ` has he planted his demon seed within your womb ? ''
` ` you planted your seed within her frail body , and it killed her . ''
there had been sheep and cattle to tend , seed to be sown , weeds to uproot , crops to be watered and harvested .
` ` another one of the books said that if i was to scatter seeds on the ground , you would have to stop to count them , either that , or pick them all up .
and yet the seed had been planted .
perhaps it was n't mara who held the secret at all , but the human male who had planted his seed within her .
between the cleaners and the dilapidated and long - empty louisiana feed and seed , a narrow gap afforded a great view of the sonic .
i pressed myself against the uneven bricks of the old feed and seed , and as the rifle dropped from her hand , i saw the blood come out of her mouth , black in the starlight .
because our natural drive is to spread our seed around - offer it to as many willing partners as possible .
so you can turn over a small patch of ground , plant a few seeds - and know we 're with you in heart . ''
cassie stood in front of him , holding two of the seed pots , smiling at him , and looking a little puzzled .
she set the seed pots aside and held up her hands .
ground soaked in blood nourishes the seed . ''
` ` the black widows in the dark court told me that witchblood knows the name of the one who has gone , and if you know how , the plant can tell you whose blood nourished the seed . ''
` ` cassie does n't want to plant the seeds she brought from dharo , '' gray said quietly , keeping his eyes fixed on the pot in front of him .
then he walked over to the new part of the garden , where gray and cassidy were still talking about the flowers they could see and the ones that were still just seeds in the dirt .
` ` feathers , ribbons , netting that acted as a sleeve so that seed pearls and sequins could be added . ''
just as he 'd known within a week of marian 's coming to live in his eyrie that he 'd turned the key in that lock so that he could flood her with ripe seed .
he could be cut out of the child 's life in every possible way , becoming nothing more than the seed .
the blood honored the darkness because it meant endings and beginnings ; it was the fertile dark of land and womb that nurtured the seeds of life ; it was the psychic river the blood came from and returned to ; it was the abyss the self descended into to reach its own strength ; it was the vastness that contained the spiderweb - shaped psychic roadways called the winds .
then we could plant any seeds or seedlings we wanted in the pot .
shalador 's seeds would thrive in dena nehele 's soil .
i know who nurtured the seeds , and if eliminating dorothea and hekatah would stop this from coming , i 'd destroy them right now .
` ` stands to reason she would n't know whose seed she carried .
he 'd wondered sometimes why they 'd wanted his seed so badly .
the seeds are the size of a snapdragon seed .
the seeds are the size of a snapdragon seed .
` ` one or two seeds . ''
so while she gladly humiliated and tortured him , she would n't destroy him because , if there was any possibility at all , she wanted his willing seed in her sisters ' bodies , and she would use fools like maris to wear him down until he was ready to submit .
he 'd been a flattered fool to cast the spell that temporarily gave him back the seed of life .
i left him a legacy , the only seed of his that will ever come to flower .
he 's blood of my blood , seed of my loins .
many times even a broken witch was still capable of spontaneous abortion and would choose it rather than bear the seed of a man she hated , even though she would never bear any other child .
all that power wasted in athing that had to give himself a name because his sire did n't think the seed fit enough to claim .
but did you know that if you pick off every single sesame seed and every single garlic crispy thingie from an everything bagel before you eat it , it can take over an hour ?
one poppy seed , two poppy seeds ... emails from two of my bridesmaids , wondering what in the world was going on in my head .
simon and i stood there , covered in seeds , watching the make - out contest .
thankfully , a waiter interrupted our verbal foreplay , but the seed had been planted .
having depleted the dandelion of its seeds , i dropped the empty stem to the ground .
love bloomed like amaranth , i thought , finding a new place to seed even as others were taken away .
the farm looked like a farm at the edge of winter , waiting for snow to fal , and snow to clear , and seed to be planted again .
his mouth latched onto mine as if he were a seed and my lips were enriched soil , giving him a place to settle , a place to bloom and grow .
on each side of the stone was a cluster of three seed pearls .
maybe they were impatient or maybe it was just because they were mean , but it was those breeders who just took what they wanted , planting their seed and then disappearing , only to reappear in another city to do it all over again .
the truth in this situation really distressed her - she did n't know this man and yet here they were discussing his ... seed .
she dipped a very pretty curtsy , and the commander 's gaze drifted to her beautiful br**sts , now peaked from the excitement of the fireworks and pushing hard at all those seed pearls .
we need new seed in our population , so let your troops know that they may give freely , without need of protection . ''
a beautiful , amazing sight , and a satisfying thing to know he could make her feel that way , that he could coax her naked in a fitting room , that he , and he alone , had planted a seed in her womb and brought a child to life .
i 'd gotten used to thinking of it as a little seed inside me , growing , and while i had n't felt anything , obviously , i had mentally imagined it there .
it must interfere with tossing hay or participating in watermelon seed - spitting contests .
i do n't want any son of mine shooting sperm left and right like he 's using the seed spreader in the fields . ''
he figured that was enough laying the seeds for the moment .
grammy holds her hand out for more seeds .
as i drive away i can still feel a little of it , a tiny dot in the back of my mind , like a seed waiting to pop out of the ground and bloom .
standing , he backed up to give her space , the seed planted .
darcy jackhammered another salty seed with her molars .
max nudged a stray sunflower seed with his foot .
all wrinkled flight suits and sunflower seed snitching aside , he made a helluva military intel contact .
every sunflower seed she crunched open as an adult affirmed her freedom .
his old man would never understand that it took more than the planting of the seed to make a man a father .
they 'd married only three days ago , in a small private ceremony marked mostly by the abundance of maude 's seed cake .
she 'd asked for his seed .
she 'd spent long hours as a young girl wondering what exactly onan had done to spill his seed upon the ground .
the larger flower carries the seeds .
` ` we brought you back an entire sack of seeds and roots as well as the flowers intact .
she could see the surrounding mountain was all snow and ice , but in the cradle , trees and plants and even flowers grew , birthed by the years of wind bringing seeds to the rich soil inside the shallow crater .
the ground turned a subtle shade of red , her body was a magnet , drawing the magma that was at the very earth 's core just as it sought to draw the seed from him .
that it was his mission in life to eliminate my father 's seed from this earth .
` ` but think of all the seeds . ''
trent planted the seed and waited for frank to bite .
being the first born meant he should n't spread his seed throughout the land like so many men in their time did .
` ` yes , and maybe a quick little dehydrating of a few seeds . ''
by the time duncan walked away , a small section of tara 's garden had a lovely warm temperature that would germinate the seeds placed under a layer of rich soil .
several rows of newly planted seeds waited for a bit of sun to peak into the courtyard .
it was loaded with everything from medication , to seeds for every plant available , and books about how things are made in the future .
i point toward the bathroom , planting the seed .
what i meant was , the birds eat the fruit in mexico , which means they get a seed or two in their bellies , then they fly around in their migratory pattern over to an island , they poop , and the seeds come out and start growing .
what i meant was , the birds eat the fruit in mexico , which means they get a seed or two in their bellies , then they fly around in their migratory pattern over to an island , they poop , and the seeds come out and start growing .
the seed had been planted .
` ` i ' m not saying i want to plant my seed tonight or anything- '' ` ` gross ! ''
the one about my seed ? ''
it got me wondering ... if i was a watermelon , would you spit or swallow my seed ? ''
edward either sold it to local vendors or used it for seed for future plantings .
the asd has taken ms . kade into custody , because there is no time limitations placed upon drakus seed distribution . ''
for drakus seed charges ?
lissa says she explained to you that kifirin manipulated this pregnancy , taking your seed and fertilizing my egg while we both slept .
both times it was to tell me he 'd manipulated a pregnancy with tory 's seed .
whether she bought fruit and planted seeds or managed to get seedlings from avendor , i have no idea .
he and norian had met with several high - ranking officials from ac [ cia > ` ` we were just looking at reah 's awards , '' willem observed , studying one stating that reah had been instrumental in destroying the drakus seed trade nearly thirty years before .
` ` he gathered your seed and placed it while reah was sleeping .
` ` the females who would have accepted your seed deserved your protection , too .
` ` the last i heard , she was wanted for drakus seed crimes . ''
you ' ve seen it yourself - the drakus seed and the crime families and assassinations - we use our best agents mercilessly .
` ` this one is for single - handedly bringing down the drakus seed trade .
` ` when she , ah , fell into our laps after her stint on mandil , there was n't time to do it before sending her out on the drakus seed thing .
they were growing citrus in the desert so there was plenty of water to grow drakus seed .
something in the thifilathi saliva makes changes in the female 's body and it will only recognize his seed after that . ''
` ` reah , we 'll be sending you to pheslik - drakus seed is showing up there , '' vice - director schaff got right to business .
the high commander paid the desert villages to raise drakus seed alongside their citrus crops .
the more drakus seed that gets out , the more deaths it leaves in its wake .
or at least disrupt the flow of drakus seed from mandil . ''
then the drakus seed farms on mandil can be destroyed . ''
a reporter was telling everyone in the alliance how we 'd been a part of the drakus seed fiasco on tulgalan , which had nearly destroyed taritha village .
the high commander needed as much drakus seed as he could raise .
you 'll get a look at the drakus seed fields while you 're there .
he could n't see the end of the drakus seed fields .
the high commander had brought his visitor to the drakus seed fields .
norian asked as they watched the high commander take his guest through rows of drakus seed .
` ` have you ever seen so much drakus seed in your life ? ''
they said they were going to pull seed from birimera , i sent .
in fact , one of the planets where they are growing drakus seed is the one on which you fought demons last . ''
we raided birimera yesterday and burned a hundred drakus seed fields , lendill returned .
i hoped he was awake enough to record it for research later - he was certainly interested in the fact that there were more fields of drakus seed somewhere .
we all watched as drakus seed fields burned on reliff .
i was seeing the drakus seed fields for the first time , too .
six held too much population to harbor drakus seed fields .
san gerxon had initially convinced the high commander to grow drakus seed in the desert , and delvin , bel and the other ranger wizards had n't known at first that arvil was involved .
were they attempting to take the alliance down with drakus seed ?
at least farzi and his bunch were off hunting new fields for drakus seed plantings .
it made me wonder how much of the fruit and vegetables grish supplied to non - alliance worlds and if there would be a shortage as a result of the fields being used to grow drakus seed instead .
others take his seed to make us .
arvil sent carthin somewhere to get the drakus seed to plant - i suppose it was a secret location only he and the hardlows knew .
astralan climbed onto the top of the wood rail fence where i sat , gazing toward the fields of newly planted drakus seed .
we spent the morning hammering out the amount of payment berthias and windelin would receive for allowing the drakus seed to get sent through their station .
only arvil never mentioned it was drakus seed .
if nature could give a helping hand in taking out the drakus seed crop , all the better .
teeg had to worry with wilffox , wilffin and the warlocks while farzi , nenzi and the others took me to the drakus seed fields the following morning .
he did n't argue with me , moving along beside me silently as i strode farther and farther into a field of drakus seed that stretched as far as the eye could see .
` ` so , '' norian keef finally said , ` ` you were n't aware that drakus seed was about to be funneled through your station ? ''
berthias knew if he were convicted of transporting drakus seed , he 'd never see freedom again .
no , he 's going to take all of them out to the seed fields and show them how extensive the crop is .
the party is set for early afternoon , with the visit to the seed fields immediately after .
anyone expecting seed will get a visit from the asd instead .
arvil was already describing the shipments and the harvesting of drakus seed .
wilffox was shouting for astralan , even as he died in the midst of a drakus seed field .
some will listen to our people , and the seeds will be planted .
it 's just a question of using spores instead of seeds . ''
an idea fell like a seed , and over the next weeks it went on growing like a fig vine , lush and conquering , twining round her old beliefs and covering them in new growth until they were as invisible as a tiger in a thicket -- and just as deadly .
james , anamique thought , holding his name on the tip of her tongue like the seed of an entire life that might , from that moment forward , grow entwined with her own like a lovely vine .
they brushed out her long red hair , dressed her in a wondrous sheath of spider silk and seed pearls , and brought her to the small plateau atop the queen 's tusk .
she always brought back silky pelts and strange seed pods , jewels and silver - work and wine , and in her pockets , wrapped in leaves , she carried home a tender cargo of freshly plucked eyeballs to add to the collection in her tabernacle of spies .
in the book of elazael , unlike in the patriarchal book of enoch , or genesis for that matter , the angel was n't the giver of seed , but the receiver .
` ` he 's her seed , '' jael had persisted .
he 's my seed , brother .
words are like seeds , i think , planted into our hearts at a tender age .
i ' m bad ... a bad decision , bad seed , bad blood ... whatever you want to call it , that 's what i am .
my hair was tucked up with pins decorated with seed pearls and brilliants , and discreet use of mrs . maciver 's cosmetics had darkened my lids and blushed my cheeks quite becomingly , if i did say so myself .
roger had managed to find one of the old farm ledgers , from 1776 ; it sat on an upper shelf , its worn cloth binding sheltering the patient , careful minutiae of life on a highland farm : one - quarter pound of silver fir seed , a he - goat for breeding , six rabbits , thirty - weight of seed potatoes ... had her uncle written it ?
not , i thought , that it would likely make much difference whether i arrived looking like the queen of england or like a dandelion gone to seed .
and , prudence , will thee grind a good measure of mustard seed ... '' she stepped a little closer to the bed , peering nearsightedly at jamie 's back as though to gauge the acreage .
who would he talk to , what would plant the deadly seed ?
all of it leftovers from our previous life : my brother 's mixed martial arts magazine , an american girl doll catalog for my sister , another seed and gardening catalog for my mother .
he said he was planting a seed on holy ground for the health and happiness and prosperity of his family and his church . ''
against my will , another seed of hope takes root in my heart .
her eyes go soft and deep and tender , and full of something that could be the seeds of love .
nine : germinating seeds oz kylie asked me to get tested , so i did , and came back clean .
sucking up the smoke and the seed , inhaling until it fills my throat , slips into my lungs , and i feel the familiar , pleasurable burn .
then maybe the seeds you ' ve planted along the way will come to fruition . ''
i ' ve planted the seed in thane 's mind .
she said real seeds grew real food ; the kind none of us , except maybe shoes , had ever seen or tasted in our lives .
i d done it with shotty and specs last time , so i knew where the seeds were .
shoes had told us to leave it screwed shut so the seeds would keep longer , but i unscrewed it and held it under the candle on a shelf .
i figured shoes had taken some seeds from the can , and was using her water to grow them somewhere .
she sure was nt doing it anywhere around the hill , so i figured that meant when she and shotty patrolled together , which was most of the time by now , they were tending the seeds out there somewhere .
i ve never seen a thing grown from real seeds , but nobody ever stopped telling stories about the way food used to be before .
me and shoes marched out for a day and ended up not too far away from where i d found the seeds with specs in the first place .
the seed they rain down on the jade altar is but a pale metaphor for their one burning desire .
she spills seeds whenever she shakes her plaited hair and exhales rain clouds that drop sparkling payloads of water , creating a localised ecosystem around her that draws a vast crowd of appreciative onlookers .
i see them now for what they are vile corpses of living plants , once full of seeds and spores , now skinned and drained of life , with acidic brackish ichor carving the feeble gibbering of children and mad men into their bones , all bound together with the dry skins of dead animals , long since past this mortal plane .
add that to the messages of the whole office and trust has taken seed , but mystery has planted it on rocky soil , as far as i m concerned .
it was just more rocky soil that could spoil the seed of trust .
god is the lightning , god is justice , god is love , life , the rain , the river , the seed , the plant , the husk , the dirt , the sky .
i regret i do not have time to take your seed .
' the seed bank .
although we were given shots to sterilize our seed , coremen , like every living being , needed the release .
by the end of the afternoon the fence is up with tight green mesh dug deep into the ground , and the garden is planted , seeds and seedlings in neat little rows and a compost bin in the back corner .
she found the kitchen , the seed storage , and the tool shed .
* * * everybody waited patiently but by the end of the third week it was painfully clear that any other biological phenomenon was more likely to occur to those seeds than germination .
six months passed , filled with failed seed startings and the ever present stench that now permeated sarah 's clothes and skin .
every morning she mixed another bucket of dirt and then either started a new set of seeds or hope against hope to see something green emerge .
one does n't know if the crops took off because of or despite this pointless waste of time and seed , as sister joseph called it , but the cats benefited greatly from a vegetarian delicacy in their diets : they gained exceptional intestinal health and produced significantly fewer hairballs .
terra two had come to life with a vigor surpassing all expectations and every seed that was carried by the wind or the insides of a bird fell on the ground and multiplied , covering the undeveloped areas with a weird farm - like vegetation , all mixed together and growing wild for the benefit of the little birds and animals that called the islands home .
sarah enjoyed teaching the little ones how to plant seeds and bioengineer the outcomes in ways that were nothing short of miraculous and spent long afternoons under the soybean tree telling stories from her childhood and amazing the children with descriptions of surreal mountains , blue skies with just one bright yellow sun , strong summer storms and the purest white snow .
inside was a seed of life , still missing the crucial element it needed to grow .
it had no sense of identity , but it reach into eli and moored itself therea seed wedged in the cracks of his thoughts , already growing and expanding , struggling to make sense of its own existence .
these are not only proven seeds , but their produce is visually interesting and very tasteful .
and i ca n't believe that the lord would allow us to go through life without a white woman in which to plant our seed into the new world .
in all possible ways , you would plant the seeds of massive discontent .
you are the earth and the seed .
they were carrying the seed of the days to come , already inside their bodies , the children of their lust were growing .
she replied : partaking in the tree of knowledge is not a instant effect , but one that reacts as a seed , once you ve tasted of the fruit your mind will begin to evolve , if you continue to partake of the tree of knowledge and you have kept the laws of the commandments of eya , you will begin to use more dna , only then will your mind be able to comprehend the knowledge that is given , you may see it , but not fully understand it , until the mind has grown enough to release the correct amount of amino acids to fully activate your minds dna potential .
she replied : all you can do is store food , water and seeds .
his only purpose was to run through the dark valley to the next village , to spread his seed .
only the most able survived to pass on their seed .
the seeds were planted for our destiniesand it felt good , secure .
any time we manage to plant seeds of some sort of societal order , the bombs come again .
all these plants , starting from tiny seeds ; with only water and the nutrients from the soil they can grow to impressive plants like these .
she carries a knife with a blade as long as her hand and whips it around , chopping at seed heads , so it hisses like the breeze in the grass .
she chops at the grasses and seed - heads fly .
there are phases that require a uv seed mesh to be projected on the wall .
this universe is his field ; he is the farmer and were the seeds that he has planted .
plants are reaching for the highest wind currents to take their seeds in search of better ground .
when plants obtained the ability to generate seeds , they spread out across the land , turning the earth into a tropical swamp inhabited by enormous insects and early reptiles .
led by the three archangels ; lucifer , samyaza and azazel , a legion of two hundred angels entered eden and spread their seed throughout the universe creating what became the nephilim ; physical beings that possesses the powers of angels , but the free will of man .
we were lucky in that some of the seeds that phil and gavin sent us , took well to this soil .
at the benchs foot the brush and prairie grass ended , separated by a line of upright poles from grass that grew in rows , so tall that its seed tassels reached tristans chest .
it offered up a bounty of seed corn and soybeans and even some sacks of barley and oats and the like .
i 'll also poke around for seeds , fertilizer , gardening tools , gloves , and a big floppy hat .
how do we save seeds and know which plants to eat ?
luckily a call came in for some seed to be delivered , and he was freed from his bondage .
up and down hills he walked , for the transport was broken , and the customer had requested the seed as soon as possible .
i look for pinecones stripped of their seeds , for torn bark or bite marks of any kind .
` ` you see , brother , we gave you the idea through repeating it to you over and over again , so it would fall deep into your subconscious , like a seed .
around the campsite we had placed several bales of hay , sacks of seed torn open , mounds of day - old bread , fifty pounds of beef , and some fruit .
the rowdy , harsh voiced jays would doubtless roust away some of the sweet singing goldfinches and chickadees to hog the seed .
she had been made into the shape of a human female so that she could procure seed for mother .
and if these humans were only the beginning of a major incursion , they could be sure that they would need progeny based on the seed of serpens rex .
blindness sighed , his shadow shivered , eragileak saw the mist of his breath in the cold air , then blindness said into his mind : yes , but first we need a little squirt of that seed , dear uncle !
that seed , said the voice of blindness through the broadcast .
bilatzailea crawled backwards , swallowing and sorting sauls seed and a great deal of his flesh within herself .
in the clearing ahead , the great black - scaled lizard , serpens rex , was grinding against bilatzailea , the succubus who had taken sauls seed only hours before .
the seed she carried was far more important than his personal grudge .
god is unborn there is only seed one age closes , one age opens i was there when seed was made now seed is planted but the garden is in ruin i still do nt understand .
god is unborn there is only seed one age closes , one age opens i was there when seed was made now seed is planted but the garden is in ruin i still do nt understand .
god is unborn there is only seed one age closes , one age opens i was there when seed was made now seed is planted but the garden is in ruin i still do nt understand .
so the demon shaped his excretions into a hunch - backed idol in his own image ; seed and egg he formed them .
all your life you will sweat to produce food , planting seed every day until the final harvest when you plant your own dead bones in the field .
well write up a contract , said wodan , and ill sign it in blood and seal it with my own seed .
we had seeris 's notes , so we knew roughly the size needed , we created a large sphere , one a hundred cubits in diameter , then we shrunk it down to the size of a poppy seed , we left the seed in the sand and retreated behind the mountain , then we dispelled it . ''
we had seeris 's notes , so we knew roughly the size needed , we created a large sphere , one a hundred cubits in diameter , then we shrunk it down to the size of a poppy seed , we left the seed in the sand and retreated behind the mountain , then we dispelled it . ''
` ` seeds spread .
it burst sending seeds in a flood across his tongue and its warm musty juice trickling down his throat .
the afternoon air was full of seeds riding their parachutes and dancing with the wind .
a dry wind had made short work of the mornings dew and was again blowing late summer seeds to their new homes .
there were signs of farming scattered around , a half standing half fallen fence , over grown two wheel track ways leading to higher ground , and among the weeds were some feral wheat and oats that would soon drop their seeds .
david walked over to look at the seed , but saw it had turning into a shoot .
given the great elixir that is the fez , its no wonder that its possible to grow a seed from it .
every time someone uses a full stop or comma correctly , a seed falls and life grows .
weasel my way into your heart like a worm and sow the seeds of loss and pain like you ve never failed to reap in me !
it broke it open , found a seed within , and gobbled it down .
but ugilino noticed guilietta 's fingers tarry just a second more than necessary against hansum 's hand when they exchanged the red , seed - laden fruit .
shane was pleased to find that there was a plant , a seed , which when ground up could stop a babys gums from hurting .
he had them erected wind turbines on nearby garret overlook just to the south of their home , and julsey , with the help of her mother lucinda , had been trying to restore seed stocks of rare plants and plants which were endangered , rare , or no longer common in agricultural use inbetween the turbines .
he hair was feathered , and she wore a pendant of a leaf sprouting from a seed within a circle in white gold around her neck .
it was an odd currency but she guessed that farmers would nt value anything more than the gift of life , for every seed held a potential to bear fruit .
each seed was an investment , ensuring their survival .
the man handed him a small sack of seeds which the local opened , extracting a single seed .
there were dna storage projects he had heard about , seed storagewell , it no good to anyone to sit around speculating .
i sent along seeds and animal embryos and mining equipment .
because he was an ag professor , he was allowed to bring a variety of seeds .
the plant is still growing and fertile and producing white flowers and seeds .
similar concepts as mine were used in the original star trek episode called ` ` space seed '' and remade in the latest j. j. abrams star trek into darkness .
we had to water every seed by hand .
scientists found some seeds in israel that were confirmed to be 2,000 years old and were successfully germinated .
other scientists have claimed to have germinated 10,000 year old seeds called lupinus arcticus .
one of my favorite star trek ( tos ) episodes was called ` ` space seed '' with ricardo ( soft corinthian leather ) montalban as khan noonien singh , a genetically engineered superman who was put in hibernation and left frozen is space until the year 2267 ad when he was discovered by james t. kirk and the starship enterprise .
the word itself means ` ` seed '' in vuduri but that is only a loose translation .
a seed , rome replied .
but to your point , '' she addressed to rei , ` ` remember that the onsiras were in the background , planting seeds .
jeremy was forever experimenting with the roots and seeds they found , trying to determine what was edible .
the grass had long since gone to seed and was very dry but still rose above heathers waist .
they set their minds to control the seeding by just standing still and watching as bags of seeds contributed from other ranchers in the area spread wheat and grain for miles , then they did the same with vegetables : tomatoes , squash , and onions .
so you 're sending seeds out to spread beyond this solar system ?
yes , a seed is an accurate analogy .
each will be capable of reproducing a swarm cluster in a new system , which will in turn create more seeds .
it 's not like i can come over and borrow some tools or a few baskets of seed , is it ? ''
he clenched and unclenched a hand rhythmically on a little pillow filled with flax seed .
his expert fingers poked divots in the soil , dropped in seeds , and smoothed out the soil once more .
the name was of no significance , but it never hurt to plant a seed she could grow into something useful .
this is how it was in the beginning , the overseer said , pointing to a display of the ancient architect planet farmer fleet , planting the seeds of life onto two desolate looking rocks in a large black abyss .
chapter 40 when the posse rides out , or the good man guns down the villain , the justification is always the same : extra - legal violence is the only protector of true justice in a world where authority has gone to seed and savagery is close at hand .
i do nt wan na be like some kind of zombie , like a walking seed pod with higher consciousness linking up with other seed pods .
i do nt wan na be like some kind of zombie , like a walking seed pod with higher consciousness linking up with other seed pods .
now , the seeds were being planted here on pangaea ; they were weeds growing amongst pure white flowers in those soft fields of grass .
the reason why he failed is because through his seed , he bore children of satan .
they rarely met , preferring to talk things over as needed , maybe in the barn over milking , up in the cave sorting potatoes , out in the field stripping the seed from the wheat ; it did n't matter .
she almost did nt have any more carrots , having splurged on those early on and she had no idea how to get seeds from the remaining few carrots .
she studied the ferny tops of the carrots and could not see anything that looked like a seed .
she knows how the vegetables grow and she is eating them rapidly , but she is not saving any for seeds and she is not fishing .
the process there was also very tedious requiring many months for the radishes to go to seed .
he just hoped this young human female would have the patience to wait for the seeds to sprout .
they spread their seed among many unwilling women .
` ` do you remember the parable jesus told about seed being scattered ?
hell sneak in like a shadow , and plant his seed in some girls womb , and then vanish .
` ` we would n't have to put heavy tools , data , food , and seeds in orbit , at least not right away .
i was looking at the planet , and it suddenly seemed like a giant greenhouse to me , as though seeds of life had been scattered across the galaxies , and each planet was a greenhouse that grew up from those seeds .
one of the neighboring farmers , an elderly man who had given the explorers some seed , begged their assistance and that of their strange plow in his harvest once they had finished .
while this loads , step over here to this table , i want to show you both something , and ben held up a small seed .
the end the bad seed erin mcdowell celestial date : 2568.12 a.e .
you will feel compelled to protect and keep this object close , and when the time is right , it will trigger the seed .
a small gray mouse holding a seed of some sort in its mouth was etched into the silver .
when crystals were harvested seeds were left behind or planted .
some say they are the seeds of the first humans .
he could dump his seed in her fertile field , but her soil would soon turn dusty and barren .
what was needed was some , strong new male seed to strengthen the family tree .
once she has received his seed , the marriage is officially blessed and they will become a married couple .
i want you to say i will knell before chief jab - el and accept his seed .
at least , now if the rats ate her groin , there would be no vile dictator seed inside her body .
the first order of business was to find seed .
they 'd need seed , and lots of it .
they stacked it up to the ceiling and almost to the back doors , leaving enough room for sacks of seeds .
within a few minutes , townspeople started walking up the hill and in no time , they had the bus unloaded and the seed and manure safely stacked in the barn .
they 'd learn how to spread manure and then plant the seeds , and they 'd learn how to keep the fields in good shape through the summer .
` ` the book of the word tells us that we , the twelve colonies of mankind , descended from a single mother civilization on the planet kobol , which , seven thousand yarhens ago , set out from their dying planet to carry the seeds of humanity to new colonies in the distant stars .
there are no seeds in sap , so no growing could occur .
the thoughts in my mind began as tiny seeds , but those tiny seeds were soon watered with unpleasant emotions and turned into towering dead trees with too many branches to count : adam and i had kissed .
the thoughts in my mind began as tiny seeds , but those tiny seeds were soon watered with unpleasant emotions and turned into towering dead trees with too many branches to count : adam and i had kissed .
` ` you contain a sublime seed , but a long time will pass before you reach self - awareness .
one of the robots carrying our seeds and plants was malfunctioning .
we took every flower that survived transplant , gathered every seed .
everything from seed to dirt components was planned for .
when i checked my collection i found out that mom and added two footlockers of seed packs with a letter .
* * * * * the yississ war * * * * * chapter 1 sowing the seeds of living death the many of one were a society of women cloned from one woman and endowed with her formative memories .
she gasped , sow your seed within me !
this was the first time that i 'd ever been in danger of the ultimate game overthe danger , of course , being that the drop cable could snap and i 'd free fall to the core , trapped forever like a seed sown in stone .
anyone can take its seed and grow it without royalties being paid .
` ` you have seeds ? ''
` ` every year we make sure to save seeds for the next year .
` ` i traded a whole envelope of seeds . ''
but do n't worry ; i ' ve collected a lot of seeds over the years .
i still have plenty of plants to harvest seeds from this fall .
you may know about planting seeds in nice neat rows , but you need to know how to survive no matter where you are .
from time to time i would find myself in a sticky situation of varying degrees of dislike and likealike because of my need to plant seeds and spoil fields .
she blew hard , and the seeds went into my face .
cause to go into this ship the seed of life , all of it to the midst the ship .
it takes those seeds and creates a feedback loop within his mind , and the minds of the surviving belovores .
` ` the entire grove decided to shoot all of their seeds into the air at the same time .
` ` you mean the seed release ? ''
a considerably improved mumson had taken advantage of the flitters inactivity and was outside trying to fix the dents in the leading edge of bobbie 's fuselage caused by another run - in with seed dispersal .
she could tell them apart by length , by colour , by the type of seeds they had .
riley looked and saw it was a seed .
the seed wobbled , cracked .
another seed was placed .
all that money , its punctured , and here i am today the only one here with seeds stuck to me .
a good rain , some seeds .
it was a good idea you had to replant some of the seeds over there . ''
her gown , a silver satin sheath elaborately embroidered with gold thread , had been purchased with jakes government credit card , together with a matching gold mask , fringed with tear - shaped seed pearls and bedecked with seven feathers in varying shades of silver and gold .
and in their spare time , they 'll work their asses off doing whatever chores constance reiwer can find for them so seeds of the kinds of plants they destroyed can be planted and grown .
` ` seeds ? ''
no seeds from plants that had been burned to a crisp could possibly be viable .
` ` we have seeds .
billions of seeds , all kept in a safe .
as she thought these thoughts , the light began to grow and take the shape of a seed , smooth and white .
twisting black lines ran across the sphere 's surface , making it look like a seed .
when he opened his eyes again , the seed was no more .
all that was left again was the seed , and as alan zoomed in on the image , he watched it fall apart , thinning into motes of light that scattered into nothing .
` ` after that , there was a small white dot ; you can see it here , almost like a seed .
the shock of seeing the light seed in front of her jolted her awake .
that night , she dreamt of a seed waiting to bud .
though it was far away , ashra felt the seed .
as if they drew nourishment from the air , the top of the seed broke in half .
that part of her became the new seed .
she danced and the seed took root in the air , next to the umbra and below the sabre .
she threw the seed into the black hole and added more and more to it , flinging bits and pieces of glowing star bits with flicks of her wrist .
she felt it settle within the black hole and mix with the seed already inside .
what was once a seed was now a sapling .
on top of it , a seed of light .
he hurled the seed towards claudia , who jumped out of its way with surprising speed .
the seed went through his chest and continued through the bowels of the ship .
when the army had bought the property it was considered unsafe , and had pretty much been allowed to go to seed .
many , in fact , have brought a supply of seeds with them , with the intention of starting backyard gardens on alpha ceres .
the genetically modified plants still held dominance , being engineered to withstand anything even decades of neglect and they kept growing , going to seed and starting again .
well if you watched the seed for a morning and you d never seen a plant grow before would you begin to doubt that it would grow ?
its flora was alive with billions of tiny , white seeds .
he observed the arrangement of little yellow seeds within its depth , and his mind paralleled them to the stars in the sky .
the seeds seemed so delicate to him , they were all so randomly yet orderly arranged within the slice .
the seeds were at first the men and women who worked aboard the efs vigilante , and the strong shell was their ships hull , shielding them from the harsh death of space .
a breach in the hull would send all the seeds to their death .
the many fleets came together , and then every seed was a star .
to help understand the entirety of the gardeners realm in his first week of training , ravno joined the seven - hour trek and shouldered a papyrus bundle himself to bring up to dry for seed .
ravno also watched through kars eyes when she waved to him as he started out across the gardens to the city , and when she resumed her sorting of seeds ; ravno savored the success of riding the bicycle even as he switched with her .
he told us about the ancient seed banks and historians , and we somehow got into a discussion of people living underground .
i ' m planting out the garden and the seeds grow like straight away , really quickly and keep growing and growing .
tomorrow i ' m going to burn my old clothes and plant these seeds ; who knows what might come up .
if anyone knows their seeds , it 's jesus .
' grab a seed , any seed , and we 'll get started . '
' grab a seed , any seed , and we 'll get started . '
we fill most of the hole with wheelbarrows full of compost from the garden then carefully plant the seed , crumbling the dirt up with our fingers so it 's easy for it to grow .
when we have planted all the seeds , i send a message to trigger that he s not to eat them or knock them over .
sloshing water all over the place we carry heavy buckets down from the house and carefully water the seeds .
another was collecting seeds from the ground , seeming to say a prayer over each before placing it carefully in a woven basket .
it has large green seeds . ''
it takes two to three months to grow good - sized vegetables from seed and the garden is nt big enough for me to utilize it every day , but somethings different about today .
i wonder exactly what seeds she s planting out there .
we have already spread our seed throughout dolinovka .
` ` a seed , '' sevorist hypothesized .
fregak followed the command , grabbing the closest seed while triffor emptied most the contents of his pack onto the ground .
with the seed stowed , the two guardians turned to follow sevorist who was already forty yards up the cliff .
the recessed eyes pulsed bright violet as it peered down at the disturbed cache of seeds .
` ` those images , of fregak placing the seed in triffor 's pack , are not new , they were used in the original version , '' martna said with a dejected tone .
but we were led to believe the seed was found in the deagron fields , near the meteor crash . ''
' from the same soil , we will grow the scion of our god , ' draiken mandated as held forth the seed .
` ` the original intention was for you to return safely , apply what you learned about the deagron maker and how its offspring proliferated from my seed .
errant seeds took flight as he did .
phil had baby plants already up and growing from seed .
at least they did n't consume all of their seeds during the winter months .
satyr 1 : yes , the seeds we planted so long ago finally bear fruit .
` ` right , '' said the old man , ` ` so coffee ran out so i ' m a farmer , so i thought i 'd try ya ' know , it 's a seed so i plant some .
all round the hole , vines and flowers whose seeds had found their way out of the farming pods over the centuries had taken root and forced their way up between the floor panels .
these sacs were fertilized by the males who squatted over them and sprayed them with their seed .
near the middle of romes revolution , rei also mentions that they carried seeds and animal embryos .
by the end of the first week , if all went according to plan , they would already have plowed some ground , planted some seeds , set up the animal incubators and placed some thawed embryos in them .
they would spread out as wide as possible and use another section of the seeds and embryos to create farms .
a gardener plants some seeds and sees what grows .
within what you are now lies the seeds of your destruction .
there are seeds and other simple living things that can survive long periods of dormancy but nothing large and complex could survive for thousands of years .
i ' ve altered its normal function to act as a seed that will alter you greatly .
or maybe , if you want him so badly , i will cut this baby out , and you may have him until he can plant another seed in your belly ?
i whispered , and my voice was trembling , that is why after he shot me , he said that i could keep you for a little longer , and i might be able to keep you forever , because i am so damaged down there now that you will not be able to plant another seed , as he said .
in the white ash is found a perfectly white seed that is planted in its place to grow and rejuvenate the forest once again , tanya replied .
with my emergency box of band aids and ointment , seed vault and hand cranked noaa radio and charger - in - one , i am the self - appointed disaster readiness professional of our household .
i am hoping for packaged soil and seeds from the plant center , too .
and i have a seed vault that i bought before the war .
like i said , i had made a request for lots of bagged soil and seeds .
our main concern was watering all of the seeds .
in the shadow of the church of nihil , the earth is strewn with gravestones , a field planted with cold seeds , of such murders .
` ` well , we ' ve got seeds .
there was the pillar of water that brought hope to a lifeless world ; power saw the fires of creation burn bright across the lands ; the winds of wisdom doused those flames , but not before it allowed the pillar of earth the fortitude to sow its seed throughout the new lands .
nova heard the blue of the sky , she listened to the darkness of space , the sound of leaves growing , of seeds bursting , of hearts beating .
they will never return to hekima , but their seed will .
i could nt allow you to return to earth with another mans seed nestled in your womb .
why could nt you have borne my seed , juna ?
then when daylight arrives , the last of them come into the cages for the seed coati sprinkles out .
waiting for the sun to return their warmth again then they grow leaves , branches , flowers and seed .
me not weak from spilling seed , says wolf .
the prairie grasses and flowers have tall seed heads waving in the wind and the trees along the creek are cloaked in fall colors .
probably a seed .
hidden , insignificant , bordered on both sides by untidy clumps of weeds and thick grass that had gone to seed .
shaman 's got ta start fertilizing now to plant seeds next year and harvest the year after that , when his larder gets echoey .
it 's mel , and the child he is making in her is a pitiable monster , a monster , great one , and not the child of your mind , not the vehicle of your mind seed , not the vessel of your radiance .
it was going to grant farmland and subsidize the first seed supplies , farm machinery , factories .
grant ran the whole thing ; flicked benes out of their hands like a seed out of a watermelon . ''
there is a delusion prevalent among some of us that only terrestrial seeds grow properly - ' he was interrupted calmly by another , who said : ' now , i am not from tethys , but what you mention is not a delusion .
and using terrestrian seed helped .
but even if you grow terrestrian grain , its seed wo n't hold the next year . '
the emotional supplied the energy , odeen had explained ( pulsing so that his signals were barely understood ) , the rational the seed , the parental the incubator .
she took odeen 's seed and passed it to me .
every once in a while , some immie suggests that we build an earth - park on the moon ; some little spot with earth - plants brought in as seeds or seedlings ; maybe some animals .
` ` back to the seed , to the egg , to the womb .
even as they speak , they create seeds of turmoil and violence .
the seeds were planted .
all we call knowledge , were it to encompass everything a humble heart could hold , all of that would be no more than one seed in the furrows . ` `
` ` even a seed lost in the furrows may bring forth life . ''
and go to seed ?
i ' m every person who 's contributed seed to the atreides .
the golden elixir will vanish from dune , yet muad'dib 's seed goes on , and his water moves our universe . ''
another arrow in the quiver just in case we do get over the hump to a habitable planet where we can plant the seed of humankind .
yes , he thought , it 's a russian autofac that landed here in seed form from an orbiting satellite .
each government carries the seeds of its own destruction . ''
` ` do n't you take that tone with me , '' she said , ` ` or i and my sisters will ban the seed .
` ` you may have my seed , but not my person , '' paul said .
` ` seed corn ? ''
` ` as a farmer , how would you judge the grade of this seed ? ''
` ` the same seeds get planted , and so the same crop should come up . ''
now that the seed of uncertainty had been given purchase in his heart .
` ` this little bomb is the size of a seed , '' alys said .
as she had said , the size of a seed .
still , chen paid very well , and if the empire was going to rank growth and bad seed , planch had no qualms about avoiding the worst of the discomforts and misfortunes .
but my people provided the seed colony that settled your world , a thousand years ago . ''
and all of these deaths contain the seed of resurrection . ''
it could be checked , even diverted , but the dormant seed might sprout at the slightest provocation .
they were like a seed from the past waiting there , a reminder of the self - sustaining and expanding force which operated in a desert .
` a seed blown on the wind could be tomorrow 's willow tree , '' leto said .
words flowed silently through waff 's mind : ` ` assumptions based on understanding contain belief in an absolute ground out of which all things spring like plants growing from seeds . ''
that seed had returned in the form of this orange - eyed huntress .
it was not that ysai had deteriorated or even gone to seed , teg thought .
what confronted him was a thing that had sprouted like a deformed growth from an original tubular seed .
plants grew , moved , twisted , and turned , fighting for the sun ; and they interacted continuously with ammals - discouraging some with bark and thorns ; poisoning others , and feeding still others to advance their own reproduction , to spread their pollen and seeds .
luckily it was empty except for a few tools and a pile of grass seed bags .
it was the lawn , with all its equipment and medicines , that he missed most -- the wheelbarrow of fertilizer , the new grass seed , the snippers , the poultry - netting fence in the early spring ... and always the sprinklers at work throughout the long summer , whenever the law allowed .
into leo bohlen 's hand his son jack put a large green seed .
` ` i saw it , the seed . ''
it was a seed , embedded in soil .
as leo watched , the seed split open .
meanwhile , the seed revolved in the soil .
we can now see the motion that goes on in a germinating seed ; normally , the process takes place too slowly for us to see any motion at all . ''
things that we can see move would whiz around him so darn fast they 'd be practically invisible , and i bet he sees slow processes like this seed here ; i bet he can go out in the yard and sit down and watch the plants growing , and five days for him is like say ten minutes for us . ''
and we have no seeds . ''
redwoods have tough seeds that only burst open in the heat of a fire .
the landscape on the plateaus was that of rough stormlands ; there were scattered patches of grass , but the stone here was too hard for their seeds to fully burrow into .
she brought them to nadris on his deathbed and harvested his seed to bring life to the stones .
it was like green coming out of a dry seed .
nevi saw the seed of hope in zentz 's eyes , a seed that nevi would nourish to a rich blossom and snip , when necessary , to make just the right bouquet for the director .
its seeds lay dormant undersea for two centuries , waiting to flourish when the oceans rolled back again .
seeds are impregnated in rows into the gel , then they spread it across bare rock or sand , or last year 's garden .
` ` you seed '' ` ` will you hurry the fuck up ? ''
` ` well , '' ' cimi was saying , ` ` you seed '' ` ` will you hurry the fuck up ? ''
' which seed shall we use ?
' we could take the seed cells first , ' schruille said , and he wondered how he had been put so suddenly on the defensive .
they were like seeds with a lambent radiance moving against a background of oiled black velvet .
she saw them then not precisely as seeds , but as encapsulated life - walled in , shielded , bridging a period unfavorable to life .
fraffin straightened , uttered a curse that 'd been popular on his world in the time of hasdrubal : ` ` bal , burn their seed ! ''
he had his own story - ship now with the seed from this planet and his own world somewhere off beyond the beyond .
when it subsided , he faced a now openly angry kelexel , said : ` ` the unflowering seed , the perpetual immaturity producing the perpetual immaturity -- and you brag about it !
` ` we 'll seed and water tomorrow . ''
` ` i always enjoy planting - seeing the miracle of the little dead - looking seeds having so much life in them .
everywhere else , reproduction is through some form of eggs or seeds .
there it was , the little ridge that made this joint just a bit bigger - a seed pearl rather than a pinhead .
if we fail , we 'll mature without flowering , never to send our seed through infinity .
` ` and the seed asleep in it , '' the crew responded , lifting their bowls and setting them down .
` ` and the seed of life it plants in us , '' each worker spooned a helping for the shipman on his left .
` ` to preserve your seed . ''
she carries the true seed of avata placed there at her conception . ''
mom always bitched about this or that neighborhood going to seed , but i 'd figured that took decades , longer than i 'd been alive anyway .
she stood there for a moment and he had a sense of her being very light , as if even the light puffs of breeze blowing this morning might send her sailing away like a dandelion gone to seed .
almost everyone had gotten a scrap of the melon , even if it was no more than a scrap of the pink meat clinging to a seed .
was the specimen plant matter , propagative seeds , or bulbs .
they stick mostly to houses that look temporarily empty , wanting ` ` to spread the word amp ; plant the seed , not engage in debate '' ( william hobart 's words ) , or they put their little love - notes under the windshields of cars on the street .
he did n't want to see up close the garden gone to seed , chinaberry and oleander struggling with grass as high as wheat , and the porches stripped of paint , turning that dull gray that old untended wood turns in the damp climate of louisiana .
he is not the incubus of the demonologies who can steal the seed from sleeping men .
norm schein , hands in the pockets of his coveralls , walked over the sandy , loose soil with its sparse vegetation to his once carefully maintained vegetable garden ; he paused to look up and down the rows , hopeful that more of the specially prepared seeds had sprouted .
she dropped down beside him and opened a fat seed catalog with the un stamp plainly marked throughout .
` ` observe what they 'll provide free ; every seed known to thrive here , including turnips . ''
she had seated herself on the fender of an autonomic tractor and was examining packages of seeds .
walking behind the plowman , a peasant sowed seed with rhythmic sweeps of his arm .
the sack of seed hung from his shoulder .
a short distance behind the sower , birds fluttered down to the furrow , eating the seed .
the harrower closed the furrows , protecting the seed .
everything appeared to move in the same gentle , steady rhythm : the hand throwing seed , the plow turning the furrow , the harrow scraping the ground .
' junior , ' he said , ' there 's hardly any seeds in this .
women chasing runaway geese , men pulling donkeys laden with spring seed , and children leading sheep on their way to pasture .
leave some seed within the god kings of hallandren , allowing them to pass their power and divinity from father to son ? ''
with no one to tend it through the hot midwestern summer , it had run to riot ; with no one to tend it this fall , it had run to seed .
yes , even in these times , when a good many of them could shoot nothing but strange , bent seed that produced children fit only to be drowned in the nearest well .
she had agreed with vague thoughts of how managed livestock mated - they were allowed to go at it ` ` until the seed took , '' then separated again .
to lie under him and listen to his bones creak and take his seed and mayhap bear his child .
` ` seeds !
there was nothing written on the front or back , and the tips of his fingers felt no seeds within .
if he had planted a seed , it would grow .
i will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven , and as the sand which is upon the sea shore .
refers to clene , yette seed of myne pulsifer ( cf .
it began as a tiny seed , which took root in his mind , and grew .
tomorrow , i ' m gon na go into town , see i can buy some seed , and find a mule .
i hear from mary lou you need a plow mule and some seed . ''
i want to buy a mule and some seed . ''
and i got more seed than i know what to do with .
the next few days passed with tom coming out to bring the horse and the seed , and coming back the next day with some plow parts deel needed .
` ` i want to hear what you got to say , and i want you to hear what i got to say , even if we ai n't talkin ' about nothin ' but seed catalogs or pass the beans , or i need some more firewood or stop snoring .
mianning prostrated himself , and quietly said , ` ` my honored imperial father , my trespasses against the wisdom of my elders would be unforgivable , save if by respecting that wisdom i should neglect my greater duty to the nation : surely it is my obligation to plant and tend the seed for a future harvest of peace and prosperity , that the fortune of heaven will continue to smile upon our land .
internet goes to seed , of course , but the rich do n't care , because the rich are now lost in the limnosphere .
the newcomer 's heri'huti planted his seed in her during the last sleep cycle . ''
like a dandelion gone to seed , the probes spread through space , hoping to find fertile ground among the countless planets .
so we gathered our seeds and our animals .
but instead of needles , this specimen sported wide palmate green leaves , fluttering gently to reveal silver undersides and clusters of husked seed pods , similar to coconuts .
constructed to mimic the tree 's seed pods , nate realized , amazed .
rand kicked the immature seed pod toward him .
she drops a knobby seed into the pit , then kicks dirt back over it with her hind legs .
she rubs her mate again and turns her back on the freshly dug hole , the planted seed already forgotten .
all it held was a moldy orange and a handful of cracked seed swept up off the floor of a birdcage .
` ` they 'd be perfect seeds for the new facility . ''
` ` for the mitochondria to propagate buckyballs in cells , it must need a few buckyballs as patterns , seeds , like those found in the original fertilized egg .
the few women who took his seed were forced to abort or were killed .
the seeds are planted . ''
` ` according to her , the professor found only one chromosome of foreign dna in the original seed .
the goal of the trip was a private tour of the svalbard global seed vault .
the vast underground seed bank had been established to store and preserve the seeds of the world , specifically crop seeds .
as of last week , mass seed shipments were already under way to places around the world , triggering a spike in stock prices for viatus .
the ceo of viatus was leading a group of summit leaders to view the famous svalbard global seed vault .
it was the noah 's ark for seeds , meant to protect its precious cargo - over three hundred thousand seed species - against wars , pestilence , nuclear attack , earthquakes , even drastic climate changes .
it was the noah 's ark for seeds , meant to protect its precious cargo - over three hundred thousand seed species - against wars , pestilence , nuclear attack , earthquakes , even drastic climate changes .
` ` viatus is already shipping their new drought - resistant corn seed , '' gorman said .
gm seed production is a billion - dollar - a - year industry .
` ` how could that seed already be planted ?
the plan was for the senator and painter to head directly to the svalbard seed vault .
buried below was the noah 's ark for seeds .
the tunnel descended five hundred feet and ended at three massive seed vaults , each sealed by its own air lock .
he firmly believed in preserving the natural biodiversity of the world and judged all other such seed banks to be inadequate or half - assed . ''
there are over a thousand seed vaults scattered around the world , but a majority of them are threatened .
and other seed banks are just as fragile .
that 's why the svalbard global seed vault is so important , why we must continue to raise money and awareness ... '' as boutha continued , painter spotted karlsen across the crowd .
it ended at a cross passage that branched into the three seed vaults , each secured by air locks .
he and creed rested their vehicles in a snowy valley below the entrance to the svalbard global seed vault .
` ` seed shipments arrive daily , '' karlsen had explained , playing tour guide .
monk kept an eye on the concrete bunker that marked the entrance to the seed vault .
the missiles struck the snowy ridge where the seed vault was buried .
then he remembered karlsen 's earlier words as they entered the back office : seed shipments arrive daily .
he sifted through the heat - sealed aluminum seed packets .
he found nothing in the second bin - but as he yanked the lid off the third , a glow shone from inside the box , buried under a layer of seed packets .
` ` then those air locks for the seed rooms .
` ` pick one of the seed banks and do it . ''
` ` i need you to gather everyone into that seed vault .
the seed bank itself was unremarkable , just a cavernous room full of numbered shelves .
a massive eruption of ice and flames had burst out of the buried seed vault .
the vehicles were just now cresting into the upper valley where monk had spent much of his time spying on the svalbard seed vault .
` ` you used me to spread your diseased seed . ''
` ` just like monsanto engineered its herbicide roundup into its gm seeds , '' creed added .
consumption of the seed lessened fertility .
all this blatant announcement got them was a huge amount of bad press , and the corn seed vanished .
` ` yet you had already initiated seed production in the u.s . and abroad ? ''
and with seed production already begun , time was essential . ''
then those dozen pieces split into a dozen more , and then a dozen after that , a glittering fractal seed cloud spreading out across the entire surface of the planet , disappearing into the thick cloud layer that usually hid venus from view .
his job had been to collect the fallen cones and burn them for the seeds .
the cotton ticking disappeared , resolving into the image of a pale , new root springing from a seed .
had he really saved earth by talking the half - aware girl who 'd been the protomolecule 's seed crystal into rerouting to venus ?
numerous objects , clustered within a million kilometers , close as seeds in a pod .
she 'd been the seed crystal that eros had used to make itself , to make the ring .
he felt the decision like a seed crystal giving form to the chaos around it , solid , hard , resolute .
` ` but even given what grew from that seed ?
then as most of the planet 's species died off , some seed of xna could have taken root in this empty ecosystem and grown to fill it , preserved in perfect isolation .
there was no runway , only a parking lot lined by a ramshackle row of old hangars and outbuildings , long gone to seed .
but doubt had settled into that perfect garden of his soul , a bright seed of new possibility , shown to him by the small figure of a woman , an eve in the guise of a park ranger .
she can bring us fuel cells charged from her drive , and she dropped us with all the food and seeds she had , but we ca n't really plant here yet .
once there was a seed crystal that had a name .
it was like watching a flower releasing seeds to the wind .
then , in the present , i will use the translocator to transport some seeds inside .
when the tree dies , she dies with it , unless the connection is passed through a seed of the original tree to a new one .
under orders from kurisock , she cut it down with her own hands , burned it , and brought the last seed to the demon .
using his unusual gifts , kurisock bound himself to the seed , and through the seed to ephira , reforging her connection . ''
there did not seem to be anything magical or even special about it , and she did not turn into a cloud of seeds .
those forty will be the seed we use to help the rest . ''
` ` spread the seeds on the frame . ''
the seeds that saw the light started to grow .
regrowing the armor will go faster if we ' ve got a seed .
surely mary sabon , lone seed of a loon 's loins , became indoctrinated with her father 's attitudes at a very early age , setting the stage for her own irresponsible theories .
no seed nor root is going to escape this cleansing . '
i was n't really looking for seeds , though . '
my mate has three babies back at the nest , and i ' m supposed to be out looking for seeds to feed them .
' it seems to be a seed of some kind - grass , probably . '
it 's early in the season , and those seeds are so tiny right now . '
he took the seed in his beak .
' where did you find that seed ?
' polgara found some seeds up there , and my mate and i have babies to feed .
' there 's a seed ! '
if there were only some way i could have an inexhaustible supply of seed on hand to keep them quiet .
' more seeds ! '
we 'll give them seed , animals , and farm tools , and they can either take up farming or starve . '
my sister was so beautiful that i just gave up and let myself go to seed , so to speak .
' and see what kind of seeds come popping out , ' kalten added bleakly .
` ` any seeds ? ''
on a dewy , sun - filled morning in late summer when the grass was golden and heavy with ripe seeds , errand came out of the door of the cottage and touched the bowed neck of his waiting friend with a gentle , caressing hand .
guard well the seed of the keeper , for there shall be no other .
guard it well , for should that seed fall into the hands of the child of dark and be taken to the place where the evil dwells , then blind choice alone can decide the outcome .
should the keeper 's seed be reft away , then must the beloved and eternal lead the way .
their seeds wo n't sprout if they do n't reach dirt , and i 'd say that the layer of needles we 're walking on right now is at least three feet thick .
the women of the tribe are coming along behind them planting seeds .
then the foul and accursed sons of issa struck at all who were the fruit and the seed of the line of riva .
a tiny seed pod at its heart opened , scattering infinitesimal seeds that sifted down to the frozen earth through the stalks of winter grass , and there they lay , awaiting spring .
a tiny seed pod at its heart opened , scattering infinitesimal seeds that sifted down to the frozen earth through the stalks of winter grass , and there they lay , awaiting spring .
she insisted upon planting the two seeds immediately and rushed down to the small private garden adjoining the royal apartments .
` ` seeds fall on it , and it grows grass just like solid earth - except that it is n't solid .
` ` it does n't seem to drop any berries or fruit or seeds of any kind , '' durnik observed , examining the ground beneath the spreading branches .
` ` i ' ve never heard of a tree with no seeds . ''
sparrows chirped of hidden little pockets of seeds .
` ` whenever you 're ready for the seeds , just let me know . ''
it looked like a small marble or plant seed pod or something , stuck to what little fur he had left after peter 's haircut .
a bad seed sprouted in michael 's stomach .
i am daenerys stormborn , princess of dragonstone , of the blood and seed of aegon the conqueror .
the seed is strong , he said .
the seed is strong , he told me .
tell them , the seed is strong .
the seed is strong , jon arryn had cried on his deathbed , and so it was .
she was the seed of kings and conquerors , and so too the child inside her .
your mother was milking goats the first time i gave her my seed . ''
` ` i suppose that 's so , '' said tyrion , hearing only some whore and thinking of shae , and tysha long ago , and all the other women who had taken his coin and his seed over the years .
given seed , they could make the plaza bloom .
and no doubt varys can plant seeds in the alehouses and pot - shops . ''
half our harvest is gone to seed for want of arms to swing the scythes . ''
we ' ve planted seeds , let them grow . ''
` ` we ' ve tossed some seeds in the wind , that 's all .
` ` joffrey is not my brother 's seed , '' stannis said bluntly .
she could feel tendrils spreading through her chest , like fingers of fire coiling around her heart , and on her tongue was a taste like honey and anise and cream , like mother 's milk and drogo 's seed , like red meat and hot blood and molten gold .
chapter sixty - three daenerys she was breaking her fast on a bowl of cold shrimp - and - persimmon soup when irri brought her a qartheen gown , an airy confection of ivory samite patterned with seed pearls .
garth liked to plant his seed in fertile ground , they say .
you do not come into it , once the seed is planted . ''
why , i plant my little seeds just as often as i can ... ` ` ` ` in the gutters and the ditches , '' finished lord tywin , ` ` and in common ground where only bastard weeds take root .
it would play havoc with joffrey 's claim to the crown , to be sure , but in the end it had been swords that had won the iron throne for robert , and swords could keep joffrey there as well , regardless of whose seed he was .
aye , and seed for planting .
you 'd think a man as old as you would know to spill his seed on their bellies .
` ` the smallfolk need grain and seed , and we need blades and horses .
fearing nothing , he chased her and caught her and loved her , though her skin was cold as ice , and when he gave his seed to her he gave his soul as well .
` ` and if our champion were to lose , what sort of seed would that plant ? ''
he had a second son , after all , and seed enough for many more .
he was my son , my secret son ... what am i , if i do not lift the hand i have left to avenge mine own blood and seed ?
lord petyr loosened a seed with the point of his dagger .
he brought the seed to his mouth with the knife .
he ate another seed .
his seed was old and weak .
the seed is strong , my lord husband said before he died .
let them we d. '' ` ` he is your son ... ` ` ` ` he is my seed .
because joff was no more to me than a squirt of seed in cersei 's cunt .
margaery wore the same gown she had worn to marry joffrey , an airy confection of sheer ivory silk , myrish lace , and seed pearls .
i have never been as fearless as my cousins , for i was made with weaker seed , but tyene and i are of an age and have been close as sisters since we were little girls .
i ' m going to f**k her up the arse and pump her full of motley seed , until she whelps a little me . ''
i am his blood and seed , his heir , his only daughter .
it pleased the young dragon to make all our armies larger when he wrote that book of his , so as to make his conquest that much more glorious , and it has pleased us to water the seed he planted and let our foes think us more powerful than we are , but a princess ought to know the truth .
old men have weak seed .
i had hoped to have four or five quiet years to plant some seeds and allow some fruits to ripen , but now ... it is a good thing that i thrive on chaos .
varamyr gave them his seed , took a hank of their hair to remember them by , and sent them back .
her br**sts were sore , and qarl 's seed was trickling down her thigh .
` ` there are times you make me wonder if you truly are my seed .
the valyrians reaped the seed they had sown .
you could plant seeds in mud and grow a crop to feed your children .
it is only that there will always be a few ... bad seeds , in the outer sectors .
the sparrow lost the seed to a crevice between the rocks .
on each call to new orleans he left his fertile wife with the seed of a new addition to the family .
it 's about the amount of soil you 'd put in a window planter - box , and the only seeds i have are a few species of grass and ferns .
also , i figured it was time to start up a seed crop .
and this time , i ' m not replanting them as seed .
jack wondered whether it is seed of halloween tradition in india .
not the berries themselves , but the tiny black seed which they protected inside the red flesh .
soft , blood - red flesh formed a protective hood around the seed .
the seed that brought night to whoever swallowed it .
should the black seed of a single berry so much as touch your tongue , you will die .
he started planting crop seeds in the year 1865 .
i watch the tiny seeds fall using earth gravity towards edgar while he tilts in slo mo his skull backwards from the table then opens his mouth as the yellow seeds tumble perfectly against his pink lips and pink tongue , closing his mouth the drops his jaw and eye burns me , chewing vigorously as i finish chewing the apple , looking and listening .
having planted the seed , he turned to leave , hustling grady out the door with him .
that seed will grow into the disarray we need .
the rosara carna sowed their seeds behind the eyes , from where horrors would then blossom without end .
you need only to plant the seed , not fertilize it .
it had eyes as big as your head , and it flew as silently as a dandelion seed , drifting through the moonlight .
did someone sprinkle some seed ?
dressed in bib overalls and a ball cap advertising seed corn , mr . johnson waved at toby and lyssa as sam barked at them .
lyssas dad nurtured plants and seeds and bulbs at his garden shop called the garden junkie .
grow you stupid seed .
i really , really tried to tell the seed to grow , but if it was i could nt see it .
how long did it take for seeds to sprout ?
flowers are the easiest to grow and once this art is mastered no seeds are necessary for growing most things .
whether that or something else , the planted seed takes root and i want to nurture that seed to full maturity to see what blossoms .
whether that or something else , the planted seed takes root and i want to nurture that seed to full maturity to see what blossoms .
they grow everywhere there rhoak continues telling me about the flowers while a seed takes root in the pit of my stomach .
the seed grows with his words and i shudder with feelings of dread .
furthermore , the pebble feels different ; i compare it to a grain seed .
the word seed blossoms in my mind .
there were many patches of soil around the yard where i had planted seeds .
the kern brothers are two bad seeds , sad to say , though i do feel for young james .
i have experienced this feeling much lately given the fact that all the male jellyfish know i am fertile and am a target for their seed .
she took her time gathering her seeds , trowels , and fertilizers .
behind them , the two women carefully planted the seeds , surrounding each pocket with loose dirt and nutrients .
the children laughed merrily as they did their part , and sarah and bethany made quick progress , replacing the eaten plants with fresh seeds for fall - growing crops .
what you are going to do is simple : just place a seed a few inches in the soil , and then use your power to grow the tree .
she reached and fingered a small seed , holding it up to her face , peering at the small thing .
she smiled at the thought as she took a seed out of the bag , which was becoming lighter and lighter .
she dropped the seed to the ground and watched as a fully grown cedar took its place .
the seeds sprouted quickly in the tropical heat and the garden grew well .
i know they re great for potassium intake and they re berries by technical definition because its a fleshy fruit produced from a single seed , while a strawberry is covered in seeds , so it is nt a berry .
he said it showed i had faith in him and then he promised me that from her womb and my seed will we produce a child that had one of his qualities , and he really kept to his promise , i can see clearly the quality he promised .
the clutch of seeds !
as she did , the gnarled hand arced through the air releasing a heavy shower of seeds from its fingers .
bloom reached into the bag and tossed a couple of handfuls of seed out across the field .
he tossed the bag of seed back into the truck .
the final of these is called the festival of the seed , a most important gathering for members of the foundation .
members of the foundation council have requested your attendance at the foundation festival of the seed .
i weep this new information gathered in the seeds sown by those long gone .
in our turning as recipients of this universe , protected by the one creator who blocks view of our existence from those non - believing , our task is to protect , hold safe the seed planted when the moon was young .
unjust deaths have stolen time but seeds sown on ready winds will explode in colors of wild meadows ; prosperity , a new time to humankind and the earth that nurtures us , a golden age i shall journey in the winding gardens of the spider god .
this plant spirit had nt been alive when his kind had been put to sleep , but rather had been born from the unconscious powers of seed and wind .
the lord jesus once said , if you have faith as small as a mustard seed , you can say to a mountain move from here to there , and it will move .
` ` he convinced them he was doing it for their god , to fill them with heavenly seed . ''
i mean , make a hole in dirt , put a seed in , and cover it .
i think we could plant the seeds here .
we need somewhere to hold the seeds while we scatter them .
we need to find something for us to hold the seeds in while we scatter them .
chapter twelve he took the bags of seeds and sorted them into the bags alyosha had brought .
they picked up their grain bags and began scattering the seeds .
in your language you would call them seed ships , because we were using them to plant our people in other worlds .
what were the seed ships called in your language ?
she knew , within the day , when plants would bloom , recede and seed .
strange she thought , no seed .
kineta throws more seeds into the pond and leans over it .
there has to be water and the wind has to blow seeds into the cave where they can sprout .
` ` wait , rising seeds ?
besides , they are seeds that are rising in the country and all that . ''
each seed had a pod and a membranous wing at one end .
as the leaves slowly descended toward the ground in the alley , they spun madly in little circles , and to viktor 's amazement , they all began smoking furiously , each seed creating a thick column of black smoke as they fell .
` ` it 's a seed .
in their communal seed homes the podlings sniffed at the dream with smelly noses , then gobbed a snoutful of something nasty at it and went about their business .
the lace of her wings buzzed softly in the filtered light , and a delicate dust of split seeds and fallen leaves spun up from the ground as she drifted past .
it had probably , centrines upon centrines to the wildest limits of memory ago , once been a sapling grown from a sensible seed dropped by a now - long - vanished mother tree .
at the base of the valley , hundreds of seed pods rested , dropped spheres dotted with circular openings .
here then , a village has been built from the seed pods of the gnarled stonetree .
it was , he thought , not unlike being a fussbluster seed pod swooping away from the billwing plant that hosts it .
` ` one rest , '' the slow voice called down the tunnel , ` ` is in the womb , or the egg , or the seed .
the seed is still alive during its rest and after .
why not build machines that plant seeds , or fly people through the air , or bring clean water from garden to garden ? ''
it was not , he thought , the water or the seed that drew his attention .
i m going to the upper meadow to gather grass seeds , she said .
the warming season brought out the small animals that scurried along the ground looking for seeds left by the wind .
a plate of ground and roasted seed cakes followed .
small foraging animals scuttled across the ground taking advantage of newly blown seeds .
most of our seed is already in the ground , for one thing .
well need fresh seed to plant .
we need people more than we need seed .
jen was not sure what to do about that in the internet cafe , and thought it would take a couple of days for her to lay the seeds back at home .
it had also been thoroughly strained this time and the lack of pips and seeds was nice for a change .
the seeds are turning into cute little sprouts and the herb plants are starting to fill in .
by the time she turned to come back it had miraculously transformed into the biggest sunflower seed that ryan had ever seen .
the seed breaking through the soil to become a tree .
i don the work gloves over my manicured baby blue nails before touching the steering column since it holds permanently stains of dried engine oil , particles of fossilized seed grain , and sometimes an odor of gas since the workers use their naked hands performing farm chores .
and not only that , she has been so happy lately : she has started her own garden , with her own hands and everything , so she is always pulling weeds and picking seeds , and she sighs often .
pretty much , everything i write about has a hidden meaning because something in my life spurred the idea like water encourages a seed to grow .
santino and kurma were making loveand unknowingly planting a seed .
however , the earth knew the seed would grow into a child who would grow into an adult , and that adult would create more children to bear more children .
if i draw a seed and plant it , it wo nt grow .
her blonde hair was pulled back into a chignon and held in place with a silver hair clasp covered with tiny seed pearls .
keep spitting out all the seeds .
they were huge , towering over us , and their skin was a deep green mixed with brown and gray , like sprouting seeds covered in rich dark soil .
i look over at the detective , a tall , middle - aged man with the frame of a former football player gone to seed .
the prophets told us there would be purpose to all things , that in the years to come the child of hekate and agmenons seed would bring into this world the new queen .
i pray the seeds planted tonight fall on good ground and bear fruit in our lives .
god allowed him to suffer in order to plant a seed into franks life .
dads patience when he taught me to plant a seed in black soil .
my eyes fell on the stack of gears i d been picking from to make the seeds .
instead of bouncing off the grassy field , the rock fragments penetrated the earth like arrows , like seeds from the stars .
ned met me at the corner of the alley where 50 gallon drums of seed potatoes were stored next to bins of onion sets .
yield will be double this year with that new hybrid seed .
the vessel must be pure and untouched so the masters seed can fill the sacrifice and prove a worthy gift to call the master belial forth , he quoted .
elle knew that her mother had planned to make planter gardens that summer and had already purchased a variety of seed packets containing everything they cpuld possibly try to plant .
in return , my father took the jar of grape seed oil beside him and poured some over winds head .
nicola , my neighbor , can plant a seed , tend it , and make a shoot sprout in seconds .
oh , brilliant , she s posing as a farmer because of her power to grow seeds .
then the girl lifted her hands and showed the emperor the seeds that she was holding , all the while dancing the same steps that she performed earlier .
she tapped her toes in front of her , making rhythmic sounds , then she clicked her heels together , and in one fluid motion , she bent sideways and pointed to where she put the seeds .
gascon , nicola a girl who can grow seeds .
yachel places the seed inside the pot frowning with frustration .
our crops are gone t seed , and we have to ship our harberries from lichvale .
werewolves changed by it , farmers planted their seeds by it , mothers prayed they would give birth by it .
then , as she rose to leave , a thought took seed , a tiny germ of a notion .
more importantly , i see the newest ugly growth of purple weeds and black flowers from the radiated pod seeds engulfing the solar equipment and climbing the filters of the ecosphere , itself .
a vial of liquid here , a jar of sand there , a wilting flower here , a box of seeds there .
the day wore into evening and the despair in alanna 's heart , grew like an evil seed having found purchase in fertile soil .
on others , a gently smiling , crowned figure offered handfuls of round seeds from a basket he carried .
i was a bad seed .
there 's no way i am letting dru know about her , and i do n't plan to ever have him find out what fate befell his seed .
the same way no farmer has ever reaped a seed that he sowed but never watered , manured , weeded or sprayed with pesticides is the exact way a man can not choose to impregnate a lady and expect to be a father after he let her make all the trips to the pre - natal clinic , deal with hormonal imbalances , develop strange food cravings , double her weight , get stretch marks , go on maternal leave , decorate the nursery and undergo the contractions and hours of labor all by herself .
he pulled the bois darc seed pod out of his saddlebag and held it up for them to see .
i started off with swimming this morning , then watched cal make adobe bricks , hiked with caroline , her brother , and one of the counselors , lauren , had a picnic lunch by this stream and there were these really strange looking round seed pod things , came back and took a quick shower so i could make it here , she finished , taking a big gulp of air .
the first was the bois darc seed pod , which she exclaimed over , never having seen anything quite like it .
toby was towing his parents toward the pool , his dad holding one of those big seed pods under his arm like a football .
he did have a cell phone full of new contacts , a giant seed pod , two portraits that told him more than he ever thought to face about himself , and a smile that kept popping up at odd times for no apparent reason .
still the seed had been planted for aleister and his father demise .
julie grinned , the dread of the previous days sliding away like dandelion seed fluff in a swift breeze .
a write - off , a bad seed ( we all had one of them ) , who ultimately became a ceo in a fortune 500 company .
poodle was a bad seed and his end was probably past due , and maybe not as fitting as he deserved , but that did nt matter because he was gone and that s that .
most of the park had gone to seed and become overwhelmed by brambles and desert grass , but the center still boasted a large flagstone square , dominated by a statue of mr . potter , the town 's founder a name otherwise lost to history .
in fact , djimon opposed such unions on many levels , and was hoping that he could count on the repulsion he naturally felt towards the unrefined - looking southern nigerian woman 's features to keep him from ever once losing control and planting his seed within this new bride .
one day in early spring when the snow was still on the ground , from the rich soil in the rats crevice a rose seed began to sprout .
as in a dream he saw there was a beautiful garden in the valley , and in the garden was a beautiful woman , sowing seed .
and when i have won her back from the worship of the void , i wish to return to my own world and forge a sword such as that world has not yet seen , for the deliverance of my land of logres , and to plant a seed of aeden upon her soil that will grow into a tree of life for our people .
there s no seeds or anything .
i know a guy who has the address of a seed bank in northern california , and he said if you send this guy forty bucks , hell send you ten seeds .
you got ta get them from a seed manufacturer .
when i had placed the last pile of dirt over it , i buried a small tree seed in the grave .
my covenant i will not break , nor alter the word that has gone out of my lips once i have sworn by my holiness ; i will not lie to david : his seed shall endure forever , and his throne as the sun before me ; it shall be established forever like the moon , even the faithful witness in the sky .
she knock - knocked on the shell and put her ear against it , as though the thousands of seeds inside might whisper her a who s there ?
that 's what his seed thought of him .
planting the fruit trees and stirring up bordeaux mixture , the first strawberries , mulching and tending the asparagus beds , building the greenhouse onto the barn , experimenting with different kinds of compost bins , saving seeds , building the sunroom on the house for marges studio , the pain of overhearing walter and arthur complain to marge about their neanderthal lifestyle , the boys leaving for vanderbilt , walter first , and arthur the next year .
the old blacktop was so broken up and crumbly that tall , woody weeds with prickery stalks and bristly seed pods grew up through it .
workers scattered seed on the exposed surface of the pool and reopened the lock , beginning the process again .
the only way to destroy a bad seed in a bucket of good ones is to allow it to sprout .
ariel was able to apply this knowledge during his advanced training , when they concentrated on seed planets , those that were being prepared for a future creation event .
and at last , after many days of preparation , he planted the first seeds .
seeds germinated quickly and tiny green sprouts arose out of the warm earth .
there he planted his seed .
if you wish , gracious queen , i could send you seed from the marshgrass .
a weavers loom stood up against a wall , a light - brown yarn of llamas wool rolled up at its side and , next to it , a basket of cotton locks picked and ready for seed and lint separation .
golden marshgrass grows quickly and produces seeds astonishingly fast .
to see the seed planted and watch it grow into tall cotton and soybeans was amazing to me .
the mill was responsible for processing the seed pod from well over 10,000 acres owned by the mill , but also supplied by private smaller acreages servicing the mill .
palm oil comes from the palm seed pod being crushed , boiled then separated from its pulp to become a fluid for further separation to make a concentrate trucked to the port at sandakan ; an efficient operation and impressive to someone unfamiliar with the manufacturing process .
closein fashion , face to facethe way i speak to you , i received an account of that event that comes from m a n u who became the great l a w g i v e r , who saw the end coming who , being warned by a great fish ( our krishna in disguise ) which spoke to him , knew and prepared , who , accomplishing what was needed preserved life , who , gathering all kinds of seeds , plants , animals , and likewise the wisdom of the prior age in the persons of seven chosen rishis , began everything anew .
the lively seed or kernel planted originally by gotama has permitted , encouraged and stimulated many variations ; many developments , which have branched off and taken root all over the world .
he captured her heart easily , and her moms as well , what with his ability to heft a 100 - pound bag of seed with each hand .
there in one spectral moment poncey realized the wonder to be another seed sprouted and took root within him .
from the look of the locals , any local seed had been eaten over the last six months .
the cover was a kind of yellow netting material with seed pearls and small felt chicks .
he lifted it up gingerly , touching the cover with its seed pearls , tiny rattles and bottles but no felt chicks .
i asked , watching a tufted titmouse scatter seed from the feeder at the kitchen window .
each pinyon pine tree grows hundreds of pine cones with seeds in them called pine nuts .
but this ... civilization started with a lucky draw of certain seeds in the right conditions , blossomed , and was now gone .
* * * chapter one the first to fall chapter two in the beginning chapter three meanwhile , in washington chapter four the seed is sown chapter five the briefing chapter six special relations chapter seven the hawaii formula chapter eight spreading the net chapter nine - ignition chapter ten lift off chapter eleven - a process of elimination chapter twelve only the most trustworthy chapter thirteen the prime ministers statement chapter fourteen the envelope chapter fifteen double beds and double agents chapter sixteen another life .
* * * chapter four the seed is sown i hardly know where to begin , repeated weaver , because i hardly know where it all began .
you ve planted the seed .
the thing is those seeds have spread and got mixed up with normal seeds so it is hard to tell when you go to a market what seeds are the world food inc . patented ones .
yeah , well the tree dropped its seed , pulled up its roots and pissed off to another orchard , johno pointed out .
a golf course appeared in front of them , and around them dribs and drabs of men in pink sweaters and plus fours went slowly to seed .
he devotes much of his time to the study of pollens , spores and seeds , as a technique to date ancient objects .
that you used robert 's seed to grow your evil spawn . ''
the size of a mustard seed is all i ask for , and i do nt even get that much from you .
my attraction must have been like a seed that was planted when i encountered you , and has since blossomed .
all you ask is faith the size of a mustard seed .
next , there were the flower and vegetable seed packets i ordered from some company that offered prizes if you sold enough .
are you going to tell me the truth now or make up an excuse like the ones you keep throwing around like seeds in a field ?
you re probably right , i said smoothly , letting the seed dig itself into the fertile ground .
it was tempting but she did without the seeds for the first two years of their marriage and it was nt bad at all .
there was the watermelon olympics which paired local teams against each other in the melon roll , melon - toss , seed spitting contest and the all but welcome watermelon eating contest .
he enjoyed watching the seed spitting contest as well as the melon roll and watermelon eating contest .
having planted the seed , marcos sat back in his chair and studied the man opposite .
if you wish to refer to our seed policy , press two .
fao assists developing countries by providing improved seeds and fertilizers , soil conservation and water - resource management techniques , advise on government policy and planning .
the program ensures that each farmer will receive enough maize or sorghum seed and fertilizer to plant a 0.5 hectare crop .
this bacterial - corn dna recombination is used in any seed that needs to be glyphosate resistant .
miles if he uses cleanup - ready crop seeds .
also , what effect is superpower having on those seeds ?
they make them little seeds so that they ca nt reproduce .
that s right , new seeds every year .
http : //www.fao.org / about / about - fao / en/ retrieved 9/13/2009 world population growth http : //www.guardian.co.uk / world / datablog/2009 / sep/02 / world - population - growth - resources - control retrieved 9/13/2009 eu and fao distribute seeds and fertilizers http : //www.fao.org / news / story / en / item/35361 / icode/ retrieved 9/15/2009 world summit on food security http : //www.fao.org / wsfs / world - summit / en/ retrieved 9/15/2009 status and trends of capture fisheries http : //www.fao.org / fishery / topic/14849 / en retrieved 9/18/2009 cbeid : our mission http : //www.utmb.edu / cbeid / mission.shtml retrieved 9/18/2009 univ .
a new idea is like a seed .
the island was like a seed and a small community developed from it .
after a great duration of time its ' power will be released and the seed will explode .
since i have grown it myself in my herb garden , i put the seed , watered , cared for it , and then harvested it , the experience is much greater .
i think it was here that the first thought was awakened by ludwig , in any case , it was the first seed and he did nt see it himself but it was there and would grow strong faster than he could have imagined .
thankful for the gift with open hands for there was a seed ?
my right thumb companion , rolled the seed upon my palm , and i seed my thoughts with life .
before my hands in palms wet , was a seed that had me breathe ?
donnet thought that he d better sow the seeds ; he did nt want it later argued that he d gained evidence through obtaining false entry .
but once that seed was planted in my head it would nt leave .
it was not so much that the people were planting the seed of their destruction , but sowing whole fields .
just plant a seed in the field , water it , and come back a year later and harvest your fifty foot tube sections ?
now , ten years older and gone to seed , she knows her chances of escape are slight , especially now that she s a mother .
even though the adler enterprises could sell the seed for seven thousand dollars per ejaculation they were still just dumb horses to william .
that will be sent here , where you will fertilize it , or rather use my seed to fertilize it , grow it to a sufficient stage of development , and then we will fly the mother her for implantation .
i can not bear the thought of wasting my precious seed on recreation . ''
the duster seed has long since died , just punishment perhaps for giving sanctuary to the fallen one , though most strenuously do i protest that i never had but a choice in the matter , and had i lockd and bolted the door , twould have made not the slightest difference .
the seed had been sewn .
sue watched as jimmy came out with a budgie cage just like her nan used to have , right down to the round plastic mirror and the flowery elastic seed catcher .
after the weed war , the corporations who controlled the patent on gmo foods pushed hard for control of the worlds food supply.only twenty years later , or roughly 2035 , it became illegal to plant any seed that had n't been created by one of three companies .
` ` harley and i are going to the next province , and just like jonny appleseed were going to start handing out seeds . ''
cardboard barrels of seed stuff and powdered ingredients had small scoops on top for customers to load brown paper bags with .
barry wells was a tad over six foot tall , rapidly gone to seed , a flabby , flushed face a testament to excessive drink and problems .
they ve all gone to seed pods .
i sowed my wild seeds and just want to be a respectable bureaucrat .
it was the seed from which the wealth of my fathers side was generated .
plant it in orenda so that i may spread my seed across this land .
now the seed is in her mind i think she will remember and go there .
though half of it is filled with seed , the juice squeezed from one is about enough to fill a teaspoon .
a vegetable market was closing for the day , and it caught the last of the evening 's light as the best of the season was carried away in large sacks of seed cloth and hemp .
we found it entirely empty and as we passed by chefs attempting to rescue pans of off - the - boil food and abandoned ovens , he tutted and sighed , seemingly at the makings of fine dining go to seed .
a couple of squirrels zipped in every once in a while to gather the seed that had fallen down on the ground .
but by the end of summer there was abundant evidence of my labor , and we all ate heartily from what once were mere seeds .
i intend to plant a seed tonight to see if a door creaks open .
kevin looked at the sole of his shoe and saw a cherry seed stuck to it .
crinkling his hose in disgust , evanford wiped his shoe against the floor , trying to get rid of the seed , and noticed another one lying nearby .
or those are n't just seeds ? ..
his intent was nt to close redding on the idea , only to plant the seed .
there were certain ingrained behaviors in negroes ; negro girls knew too much , were hot - blooded , and would ruin a white child like a sandspur seed in a corn patch .
staked tents of burlap cooped over the tomato hills in the garden , a few still red and green , but the twined vines of the butterbeans were withy , the brown seed pods too swollen and soppy to rattle in the breeze .
going to seed , save for the red hot peppers thriving among the sodden wilted tomato vines , bernice 's garden was laid out in blocks with wide flower - lined paths between the framed vegetable plots .
the mouse , unfazed , continued his search for seeds .
he 's the one who bears the seeds !
soon , she was crushing seeds and plants in a ceramic bowl , using a crucible .
los chuckys took their name from the movie childs play , and they were sent to a deserted island where they were forced to sit through such cinema gold as childs play 3 , the bride of chucky , and the seed of chucky , as punishment for taking such a lame name .
had a hard time buying seeds , so i gave out stacks of lost and found business cards .
finally got seeds and better yet , lots of customers lined up .
old house in the flap of the wind coming in from a limitless horizon with its salt , with its needles of seeds , with its gray clouds , whittling out the bare boles of these children , of these innocents crouched under the decrepit barn with their fingers in their laps .
he thought about joe hard enough to plant a seed in joe 's mind and wake him up : louie 's here .
i was mildly surprised to see a flip - flop from what i 'd remembered : some of the more dilapidated abodes were now pristine , and some of my favorites , which i had jealously coveted , had gone to seed .
` ` the most binding of all , that links me to the otherworld for the remainder of my life , that will repel all human males , that will render me barren to human seed .
they have seeds on them .
he could understand this ; the small dry seeds and the damp earth , make a hole just so , set a couple of seeds in just so , tamp it down , and know the job was well done .
he could understand this ; the small dry seeds and the damp earth , make a hole just so , set a couple of seeds in just so , tamp it down , and know the job was well done .
the first outbreaks of campion are scattering their pink flower heads like the talents of cheap tarts on a bank holiday weekend , and their first , early seed pods are breaking open , the vanguard to their annual invasion of the field edge .
she would sit at the window gazing out at the kent countryside , and it was there the seeds of jessica cole were planted .
even if you think i m a bad seed , you have to admit that s a corker .
i ' ve long wondered if in fact a seed was not the first cell on earth .
` ` you think the first bacterium came from a seed ?
i believe that a seed with intergalactic microbes reached earth eons before we saw the first paramecium or wiggling flagellum .
here 's my vision of stellar colonization : when human inhabitance of the earth is no longer viable , a jar of nanoscopic cells will be launched into space and exploded , sending billions of these seeds on well - defined vectors toward every known star and region of space .
these microscopic seeds will guide themselves toward their destination .
while in flight through space the seeds will self - replicate , spawning an identical seed to travel on a new vector .
while in flight through space the seeds will self - replicate , spawning an identical seed to travel on a new vector .
this way , each seed will send out thousands of its own replications to every visible body in the universe .
once a seed lands , if it is n't burned up , if it is not crushed by gravity , the seed will lay dormant on the host planet , and remain dormant until the conditions for life are met .
once a seed lands , if it is n't burned up , if it is not crushed by gravity , the seed will lay dormant on the host planet , and remain dormant until the conditions for life are met .
as you ' ve said , doctor , we already know the conditions that must exist for sustaining life as we know it , thus our seed will have a built - in recognition device , much like an insect that stays in the ground .
they say who gets credit to buy seed from their stores .
there was too much sun , or too much rain , or the threat of floods in the lowlands , or the rising prices of seed and fertilizer , or the uncertainties of the markets .
that was their crop loan , and the money was spent on seed , fertilizer , labor , and other expenses .
they also owed money to the john deere dealer in jonesboro for parts , to lance brothers for fuel , to the co - op for seed and supplies , and to pop and pearl watson for groceries .
they also owned the john deere tractor , two disks , a seed planter , a cotton trailer , a flatbed trailer , two mules , a wagon , and the truck .
we 'd been beaten so many times by the weather , or by the markets , or by the price of seed and fertilizer , that we expected the worst .
all the labor , the sweat and sore muscles , all the money invested in seed and fertilizer and fuel , all the hopes and plans , everything was now being lost to the backwaters of the st . francis river .
another fat pitch , with a golden chance to plant some seeds .
langdon advanced to the next slide - a close - up of a sunflower 's seed head .
` ` sunflower seeds grow in opposing spirals .
the poem 's final reference - rosy flesh and seeded womb - was a clear allusion to mary magdalene , the rose who bore the seed of jesus .
then i hung up , feelin i 'd done a pretty fair job plantin the first seed .
when i woke up it was almost four o'clock n time to plant a few more seeds .
then they would get their truck fixed and drive it to town for seed and fertilizer .
they do n't go after the seed .
six mesh caps , printed with the names of what i took to be agricultural equipment manufacturers , or seed merchants .
an old hedge , maybe , untrimmed for a decade and run to seed .
allentown seed company .
odd how this gigantic , many - branched tree had grown from one tiny seed in september - a girl calling banco in a casino and not having the money to pay .
strychnine or brucine from leaf , seed , stem or root - bark .
bond thought it time to sow a tiny seed .
you can not sow a million seeds without reaping one potato .
he went on , ` ` the seed was sown .
` ` as you know , every solomon child , upon reaching adulthood , is presented with his or her birthright -- a share of the solomon fortune -- which is intended to be a seed ... a seed for you to nurture , make grow , and use to help nourish mankind . ''
` ` as you know , every solomon child , upon reaching adulthood , is presented with his or her birthright -- a share of the solomon fortune -- which is intended to be a seed ... a seed for you to nurture , make grow , and use to help nourish mankind . ''
man 's apathy was the fertile ground in which the dark spirits tended their seeds .
the founding fathers had envisioned america as a blank canvas , a fertile field on which the seeds of the mysteries could be sown .
the garage was on the south side of los angeles , in an area that in one generation had gone from exclusivity to middle - class gentility to seed .
the very idea of keith 's seed growing inside her was enough to make her retch .
they used a silver iodide nuclei agent , and generators shot banks of silver iodide into the clouds , to become seeds for raindrops . ''
it fell in love with a cock and ... '' ` ` so the little girl said , ' can you get pregnant swallowing a man 's seed ? '
my seed in your daughter 's belly . ''
they fell from the sky like deadly flowers of sound , planting their seeds of destruction everywhere .
` ` the lord said to abram , lift up now your eyes and look from the place where you are northward and southward and eastward and westward , for all the land which you see , to you i will give it , and to your seed forever . ''
the lord said to abram , lift up now your eyes and look from the place where you are northward and southward and eastward and westward , for all the land which you see , to you i will give it , and to your seed forever .
at the moment dominick is cultivating the seeds we planted . ''
` ` ah , but the seeds are planted , wcs .
` ` so the seed was planted and a poison flower called gfinter jager bloomed , '' said karin , arching her head back in disbelief .
they were siberian yakut tribesmen , the ancient seed race from which the american indian had sprung , adept at survival in this kind of savage , frigid environment .
` ` now karim al - jamil sleeps with an infidel , plants his seed in her , confides in her - who knows ?
which was why they were hid out , as tyrone would say , in a tobacco shop where an old , grizzled salvadoran was hand - rolling cuban - seed shit he grew himself into partagas , montecristos , and coronas , selling them to eager customers at a premium price over the internet .
' i was told don fernando hererra was the man to cut through the red tape and get the balance of the seed money my group requires yesterday . '
` ` have n't let yourself go to seed like many ex - athletes ; '' kerry observed .
it had begun that night in budapest - though , in truth , the seeds must have been planted earlier - and had come to fruition under the burning sun of crete .
and so that his seed may not be spread , recited the scholar david webb to himself , recalling the words of the ancient incantation and wanting to close his eyes , but unable to , ordeted by his other self not to .
we destroy the well from which the seed springs , praying to the spirits to destroy all it has entered here on earth .
it comes from a term in the middle ages meaning to plant a seed in the ground , and in a way that 's your specialty !
but there were other buildings , disguised as seed and fertilizer laboratories , that remained hidden from the world .
the inspectors associated such tools with specific research , primarily into brucella melintensis , a bacterium that preys on livestock , and a milk protein called casein , which stimulates high growth in various seeds .
` ` i have spread my seed and i will continue to spread it , '' he claimed .
` ` it is allah 's will that my seed reach far and wide . ''
' the royal seed , bobbie , ' replied khalehla , smiling .
the seed , when planted , grew quickly .
so now that the seeds are sown , when do we harvest ? ''
he 's planting seeds .
it 's crucial to plant this seed early .
hitler was to travel to oldenburg , in the center of the northwest prussian territory , where the great military estates were slowly going to seed - massive remembrances of past glories .
they were both fringed with dormant vegetation , where errant seeds had blown against their sides , and then fallen and taken root .
in other words , the seed or genesis for each and every plant that has ever existed on the earth .
` ` the apocalypse seed , '' bukolov translated .
aside from the windblown motion of the tumbleweeds dispersing their seed , there was no movement .
i thought about michael making veiled comments about the bad seed in dean 's hearing .
` ` have you ever seen the bad seed ? ''
the bad seed .
but when you ' ve done , and you do hide it from the world , then think of it as a seed that you plant .
so she puts price up to the robbery ... '' ` ` but price figured after a while , ' hey , she 's a bad seed .
she said it as if it were a sin , and i found myself wondering where they grew people like her , and if there was a seed , and how i could get my hands on it if i ever had a daughter .
` ` i am your friend , '' i said , not sure it was true , but then , sometimes just saying something plants the seed that allows it to become truth .
` ` you will need to prepare the seed beds and plow the fields .
ciggy explained that they would need men and children to seed and men to build the seedbeds .
they are the good guys dani , i ' m the bad seed . ''
so it had remained a seed , never blossoming like his desire for drina had the moment his mouth had closed on hers .
above my head , the amber seed heads of ripe wheat waved , and as i reached to tickle pierce with a broken stalk , his eyes opened , shocking me with their deep blue depths .
` ` i 'll never know her thoughts on a sunset or her opinion of a seed .
' then they 'll have a terrible urge to count every seed .
luckily , he had elected for metamorphosis sometime in his midthirties and so had never gone to seed .
your family only wants you to impregnate me with your vampire seed .
i was n't the first woman to have teren adams ' seed growing inside her .
` ` one bad seed does n't make them all bad .
manolito was silent for a moment , weighing whether or not to use this opportunity to plant a seed .
the original poison had carried the seeds to implant this far more virulent strain .
as she moved across the field , flowers sprang up under the soles of her feet as if she scattered seeds along the fertile ground .
the vampire must have planted the seeds among us .
i command you to spread attaching yourself to womb and seed .
taint the milk wither the seed on the vine destroy the ilk unborn and born , with blood thee i bind .
the demon seed ? ''
it took blood and seed given together , a mutual feeding at the moment of release - during the cycle of a crescent moon - to create the spark of new breed life .
a spell of inconspicuousness would be great , but it called for fern seed .
pulp and seeds squirted from between my fingers .
nothing extinguished his lusts like the scent of seed .
he 'd clearly never seen his seed before this night .
the instinctive drive to plant his seed - the seed she 'd brought forth - was overwhelming him .
even if he could have taken a female in the past , he would n't have been able to produce seed for her , not until his mate had broken the seal .
` ` what would you do then , if my seed took ? ''
dimity looked a little disappointed , as if this were the merest of seeds before the great tree of her own adornments .
i dumped everything out , putting the obvious thank - you - for - saving - my - ass note from a previous run back in the bag along with the insurance bill from david 's company and a late season seed catalog .
ivy was laughing at me and the stack of seed catalogs that somehow found me despite my address change , but i 'd caught her looking at one .
she had bested him - when it was over and his dying seed had somehow created life .
his seed is viable for up to twenty - four hours . ''
and do we have any dandelions that have n't gone to seed ? ''
` ` we keep our seeds right over here . ''
` ` how much for the fern seed ? ''
lady maccon took a moment to allow the wash of ivy 's chatter to cascade over her much in the manner that dandelion seeds fly on the winds of inconsequentiality .
its paint was not exactly peeling , but it was faded , and its garden was overgrown with herbs gone to seed and lettuces that had bolted .
that bitch had hovered over him , harvesting his seed ; dixon had stood over him , harvesting his goddamned insides .
decades ago , when the lykae first settled here , that tree was planted from seed .
though he 'd vowed to the gods that he would rather die than feed one of those vile creatures again , he 'd allowed this parasite to play him , seduce him , then harvest his seed .
` ` going tae ready you for me , for the seed i mean tae give you . ''
to pierce her skin , to hold mate steady for seed .
she had n't come , but that seed had been like a balm against her every ache - no pain anywhere , not her ankle or her bruised face .
take my seed so deep ... ... '' when will 's brain could register thought once more , one realization was foremost : i ' m her mate .
rhoan might be more vampire in his makeup than wolf , but we were fraternal twins , sharing the same father if not the same seed .
whatever the genetic anomaly was that made the rare human 's womb capable of accepting a vampire 's seed and her aging process halt with the regular ingestion of his blood , it also made her something more than her basic homo sapiens sisters .
to lucan 's kind , a race comprised solely of males , this woman was a cherished goddess , giver of life , destined to bond in blood and bear the seed of a new vampire generation .
he 's first generation , born to one of the original ancients and the first line of breedmates to carry their alien seed to full term .
during this crucial period , if we wish to create a child , our bodies must have both our mate 's seed and his blood flowing within us .
their eventual sons , the hybrid progeny born of alien seed carried by human mothers , formed the first generation of the breed .
without breedmates to carry the seed of future vampire generations , rio 's kind would cease to exist .
eventually , some of those rapes were done on human females who could sustain the alien seed and carry it to term .
for every breedmate killed in this process , two others made it out alive ... with the seeds of a powerful new generation planted deep in their wombs .
since she was a breedmate , the combination of blood and seed resulted in a pregnancy . ''
while the order has been chasing its ass , taking out rogues like they were actually making a difference in the world , i ' ve been sowing the seeds of the future .
a great many seeds .
from the dead and castrated osiris , she had drawn the living seed by her own power .
his bollocks were heavy , aching with seed .
all over the room , the seeds sheba had planted were flowering .
a seed of joy burst in her heart and swept over her .
she exploded into darkness , squirted out of the tunnel like a watermelon seed between wet ringers .
it opened like a tiny leaf unfolding out of a seed , got bigger until it surrounded her .
she used to keep feeders with seed for birds and used to leave out peanuts for the squirrels , chipmunks , and blue jays , and bread for the finches .
she was so upset to see all your lovely work go to seed these last five years . ''
i gave him a look , and he simpered as he hovered backward to a rack of seeds .
october was too cold for him to be out , but with the garden dormant and matalina in need of fern seeds , risking a trip in the rain to a charm shop had been his only recourse .
you think anyone will notice the stain of your seed ? ''
i know pressure on you to remarry will be fierce , my fellow vampires crudely thinking their seed might find fertile soil .
he thought he even felt vibration beneath him when his seed fertilized the ground .
seed heads bobbed at the ends of long grasses and flowers opened toward the sky , taking in the last bright sun of the year .
sucking ... rocking ... as seed climbed up his length , she ground against his leg , beginning to come ... her throaty cries muffled by his shaft .
the crown erupted with pearly seed , spurting , arcing over his torso .
the head was bulbous , daubed with seed .
keep your seed , keep your seed , trehan 's mind chanted .
he might have succeeded in keeping his seed for now , but he was paying for it .
his body was hers , his seed was hers .
she gloried in that first searing jet of seed .
flicking off the last of the seeds , we rested a few more minutes , then set off , silent and grim - faced , wading through the murky waters , our eyes peeled for predators as we moved ever further into the heart of the swamp .
and now the dance hall girl buys a chemical to kill the seed of her lovers , and lives to be seventy - five in a room full of gadgets which cool the air and veritably eat the dust .
she had to touch it , had to taste the head peeking from the waistband , had to taste the seed glistening there .
as the water continued to rain , that seed washed away as if it had never been .
there might have been a tiny little seed of love .
whenever zack complained about the malcontents , as you call them , we were told to trust in the lord , that he had already sown the seeds to resolve the matter .
and the small seed of hope in his heart would grow because a beautiful angel cared for him .
since the first seeds of the race were sown on this planet , vampirekind has degenerated into a fat , complacent disgrace .
he was n't going to give an inch , but when two of his kids , in front of the dark kitchen window , started arguing over a seed they 'd found in a crack in the floor , the distraction lifted him up enough so that i could turn the page .
i shooed them away when i came around the counter to give the tear to him , and the girls flitted to the windowsill to take sides in the seed issue .
` ` jumoke gets the seed , '' jenks said flatly , cutting off the rising protests with a sharp wing chirp .
` ` see if they have any fern seed ? ''
` ` if they do n't have fern seed , i 'll get some tansy , '' he added as his wings brushed my neck .
i thought suddenly , my fingers , running over a stand of planting seeds , going still .
she is a bad seed .
` ` i might raid the witch 's floor for some fern seed , though . ''
to plant destructive seeds in a once - proud family .
my mother is on the recliner , legs crossed , her slippered foot tapping a cup of tea and a seed catalog on the table .
i drank more of the water , and i wondered what had come out of my body into her , had it been real seed , or just a semblance ?
the doctors found living seed in my wife .
but just how exactly could these gentlemen make a dead body like mine actually produce seed as if it were living ?
` ` if either of you gentleman wants to feel the passion of biological men once more , i can arrange this simply with hormonal injections , '' said fareed , ` ` and indeed would like very much if you would yield to me in this and allow me to harvest the seed from the experiments . ''
` ` are you saying that a living seed can come forth from us again ? ''
he had indeed infused an eighteenth - century vampire with these powerful hormones and the vampire 's seed had indeed fathered a son .
magnolia and mimosa trees had also been planted in the gardens , right next to sunflowers that drooped under the heavy weight of their own seed - laden heads .
it 's the man 's seed and it 's very potent .
as long as the seed lives , she can use this seed to mimic the man 's powers .
i used your seed to create the first of my children .
introducing the virus to her body was like planting a seed in fertile ground .
and because our women far outnumber the men , it is forbidden for males who attain that age to waste their seed on mortal women .
he was to save his seed for katiya in hopes she would conceive and bear a son .
sometimes the humans won and spread their seed a little farther .
the boys carried the seeds of that ability but not the ability itself .
the father does n't spurt his seed in this season . ''
the lace was embroidered with seed pearls , twists of satin ribbon , and ocean pearls , giving the whole of it a gentle glittering sort of glow .
marcie and jason had decided to buy cordell feed and seed , so they could leave the bad memories of star cove behind .
he and sali had good memories of working at cordell feed and seed .
saturday , june fourteenth had arrived and his mother left him at home to continue packing while she went to cordell to open cordell feed and seed .
ashe did - he 'd worked afternoons , weekends and summers at cordell feed and seed .
i do n't think another feed and seed would be a wise investment . ''
she had n't recognized the red lexus that pulled up in front of cordell feed and seed , but she recognized the two who 'd climbed out of it .
` ` come on , mom pays us for working at cordell feed and seed . ''
sali waited impatiently in front of the kitchen appliance while ashe phoned his mother at cordell feed and seed .
his mother had brought home takeout from betsy 's again - cordell feed and seed was so busy , adele was too exhausted to cook .
` ` have n't i seen you at cordell feed and seed ? ''
` ` the cashier said she recognized me - from cordell feed and seed , '' ashe muttered unhappily .
she said she recognized me from cordell feed and seed , '' ashe repeated .
saturdays at cordell feed and seed usually were busy during spring planting season .
` ` his parents own cordell feed and seed , so he 's helping his mother at the store , '' sali handed the jug to a waiting jason .
adele glanced up at the monitor over her desk ; ashe was ringing up a customer who 'd purchased seed packets .
jason had arrived at cordell feed and seed quickly , driving the distance from cloud chief to cordell in a matter of minutes .
trace found the scent first - he and jason had a good whiff of the man from cordell feed and seed .
the culprit had allowed his anger to prevail and he 'd left scent all over seed packets and gardening tools after swiping those items off shelves surrounding the cash register .
ashe whirled to find the man who 'd attacked him and his mother inside cordell feed and seed .
things were settling into a normal routine ; he and his mother were back to work at cordell feed and seed and chump and wormy were locked up in a windowless house for the rest of the summer .
ashe 's parents owned cordell feed and seed .
it was nearly spring break and cordell feed and seed was busy - people were buying plants already .
the familiar scents of fertilizer , chicken feed and live plants greeted sali and ashe as they stepped inside cordell feed and seed .
` ` we 'll clean the store and put those new seed packet displays together tomorrow , '' adele started the truck and put it in gear .
ashe stole a glance at sali , whose face was set in concentration as he folded the cardboard seed packet display and slipped tabs into slots .
ashe teased , grabbing the box of seed packets that came with the display and stuffing the small envelopes into empty slots .
it was a good thing he and sali had gotten all the seed packets out and stocked ; those were flying off the shelves , along with gloves , trowels , hoes and hand plows .
the day was busy at cordell feed and seed , just as ashe expected it to be .
` ` mom , i ' m home now , sali 's mom gave me a ride , '' ashe said when his mother answered the phone with her usual ` ` cordell feed and seed . ''
the seed packets are here already . ''
much of the rest of the community was there , too , all dropping seeds into neatly tilled rows , or covering them up or carrying water .
sali was worse off , since the wind had blown water back at him as he sprayed newly planted seeds and plants .
had even seen marco talking to her often during the previous summer , when school was out and he 'd been helping his mother at cordell feed and seed .
marco was silent while driving ashe and sali to cordell feed and seed after school .
ashe felt like an adult , answering questions about the business end of cordell feed and seed .
trace mastered the register in very little time , but jason worked best with customers , confidently telling them what each piece of equipment would do , what brands of seeds worked best and which plants to buy .
winkler brought the recorded images from the security dvr he 'd installed inside cordell feed and seed .
i am that seed .
and this , '' he gestured a second time , ` ` is enough seed and cuttings to grow a garden . ''
they 'd have to start over with those , but the comesuli could provide seeds , cuttings and the like .
` ` we have seeds and such with us . ''
` ` the seed is in their blood or saliva . ''
` ` i 'll bring seeds , farming equipment and other things you might need . ''
the demon 's seed is in their saliva and is nearly impossible to eradicate , once it is introduced into the bloodstream .
i knew these had the potential for evil within them , like a seed that could sprout at any time with deadly results .
my taste of fame sat in me like a corrupt seed , blackened and putrid , waiting to sprout forth slimy dark vines .
put the seeds and strings on that pile for compost , '' andy says .
i knew tara was a bad seed .
i struggled against the flux , kicking and twisting myself free of its hold , and tumbled like a seed into the sunlight , into the field of flowers .
as you can see , it has been a successful venture , the first of many seeds we wish to plant .
pigger protested mightily that he was within his rights as a purple dragon of the first level of aragon to plant his purple seed any goddamn wherever and whenever he wanted to and they could all go piss off .
nobody knew how to break the news to her that she had not one but two bad seeds in her family , so no one said a thing .
every race has its bad seeds , one supposes .
what 's with all the mating and seed talk ? ''
he carried with him the disease- amor deliria nervosa -in the form of a seed .
they are hopping and picking among heaps of tiny brown seeds , stockpiled for the winter .
the birds eat and then they fly back here , to store up seeds for later .
all the birds scattered except for a cardinal who was greedily eating the last scraps of seed from one of the small windows .
the birdhouse was now tilted about fifteen degrees , seed slowly pouring out of the openings angled toward the ground .
birds rushed to the newly spilled seed on the grass , fighting for scraps .
powerful enough even to control whether or not we leave seed for a child to grow in the womb of a women . ''
planted seeds , visions , doubts . ''
the fluffy seeds flew off and multiplied , exploding into hundreds surrounding her in the air .
enjoy the view , but do n't try to plant any of your seeds in my garden .
if patch and i were really going through with the staged fight , it was best to start planting seeds now .
and maybe that was the seed of it , but from that one little seed grew this tumor of a flowering plant .
` ` you 'll have to get me some seeds one day .
the seeds popped and jumped .
` ` all seeds must take root in something , '' he murmured .
he will forgive me , i pray , for plowing familiar ground , but it must be broken , else no seed may germinate that will yield the fruit of success in this , our most grave undertaking .
the key being ... well , i suppose i am the sole gardener on earth who is ignorant of the seeds he plants .
i brought you a seed .
a seed ?
yes , a golden seed from the isle of bliss , and if you plant it and give it water , it will grow into a golden tree that bears lollipops .
and the boy waking in the land of broken rocks , the dry land wet with spring rain , waking in the place where two dreams cross - the dream where seeds grow into trees of gold and the dream of the box that he can not open .
he , the patient gardener , was planting seeds that would take years to germinate .
he cupped his palm under his chin and blew , miming a dandelion seed scattering in the wind .
if a team watched the planters poking seeds in the ground for too long , it could lead to complacency .
` ` we ' ve mislaid a whole bag of seed , '' a small man whined , twisting his hands together .
it seemed to me that seeds planted with bloody fingers should yield a bitter fruit , but i did n't express my reservations .
the seeds need time to take root .
there were all kinds of seeds . ''
seventeen growers met us at the town entrance with wagons full of seeds .
the seeds did n't need special care this early , but they did require someone to watch them and be sure freaks did n't come in the night to rip them out of the ground .
he was a bad seed .
when i first heard of this custom , it gave me nightmares because it seemed so similar to putting seeds in the ground ; and my sleeping mind conjured all kinds of horrific plants that might sprout from a corpse .
` ` to put seeds in the ground and make the greenings grow . ''
they say he was a bad seed when he was alive , and even worse afterward .
i smiled and opened the apartment door with my magic , knowing i had planted seeds in all of their minds .
` ` they 're a little over one mile away , '' i said , opening pandora 's box just a crack , just enough to plant the seed so that when i told her everything , that seed would have taken root and could be built upon .
` ` they 're a little over one mile away , '' i said , opening pandora 's box just a crack , just enough to plant the seed so that when i told her everything , that seed would have taken root and could be built upon .
the uniform , soulless future is coming and the seeds have already been planted .
she flicked a seed off her knee .
we all knew the seed was there ; it just needed to emerge .
and , '' she continues , ` ` it says here that the cones require extreme heat - like , say , from a forest fire - to open and release their seeds . ''
rumor was that clay had nearly flunked biology , failing to grow his seed into a plantable seedling .
i knew i was needling an angry animal now , but i could n't resist another poke , and as i walked by him i said in a low tone , ` ` heard you had problems germinating seeds . ''
and the fact that lev chose not to detonate himself troubled people even more , because they could n't just file him away as a bad seed .
time to start sowing the seeds of glorious purpose .
their fields have been plowed , but it is still too early to plant , as there might yet be a frost and all the seed would be lost .
` ` they say they 'll give us free colonists some land and a plow , some seed and a mule , '' says mick , standing by his isabella .
you ca n't plant that seed in my head and then expect me to just go buy you butter in town for christ 's sake ! ''
it had large seeds in the middle , each one as big as a melon .
i should imagine the original spot was its seed .
in the rain , fluffy yellow waterproof seeds bounced down like white bubbles along with the drops .
some of our people came here with seeds that we planted .
here was a primeval world where nature first practiced with seed and leaf , with tooth and claw , with root and vine .
but where addison saw a charismatic renegade , all the rest of us only saw a bad seed .
would the eagles come to your seed ?
as a people we will endure only as long as our seeds stay healthy and keep getting planted .
` ` the beyonders planted the first seeds .
` ` where 's my seed ? ''
` ` if you ca n't keep up , we should take your seed .
` ` what if you lose your seed ? ''
he could n't throw it while the wanderer held farfalee 's seed .
` ` her seed is the only concession i can grant , '' the wanderer said .
if you volunteer your amar to me , jasher , i swear to safely plant her seed . ''
i will keep her seed safe until this war is over , and then she will be planted .
` ` let del execute you and toss me your seed . ''
he could hardly believe the wanderer had stabbed the seed .
` ` it wo n't do her any good to bury her seed under barren rocks . ''
farfalee might have lost her seed .
after harthenham , tark had needed to protect jasher 's seed .
if those seeds were planted in others , all of lyrian would become like ebera .
jasher had once explained that the style helped conceal and protect their seeds .
if we continue to avoid confronting the emperor , we may be the last kingdom to fall , but fall we will , and maldor will burn our seeds . ''
` ` my seed failed to form correctly the last time i was reborn , '' drake said .
` ` his seed is in the ground ? ''
i 'll be reborn into an identical one , which will age until i perish and my seed is replanted .
` ` dorsio , please fetch his seed and place it on the table . ''
besides farfalee , five other seed people had joined the delegation .
four seed people manned the remote outpost - two men and two women .
` ` he did n't want to risk her seed getting stranded on barren rock .
then find the seed .
` ` like those of us without seeds , '' aram muttered .
sheathing his sword , drake drew a dagger in one hand and cupped the other against the base of halco 's skull , where his seed was located .
` ` i see a seedman without a seed .
drake took kerick 's seed from conrad .
` ` buried in fertile soil , the man grows from the seed within a few months .
if my seed dislodged in extremely arid terrain , i might never be reborn . ''
` ` every moment until every seed has dislodged and become separated from my senses .
` ` how long can your seed survive unplanted ? ''
but eventually the seed would perish . ''
` ` so if maldor wants to truly eliminate you , '' jason said , ` ` he would have to kill you and then destroy your seed . ''
` ` i take it people do n't usually destroy a seed , '' rachel surmised .
` ` then can maldor kill your seed ? ''
i may live again after i die , but there is no guarantee my seed will be planted , and occasionally an amar is defective .
` ` what about your seed ? ''
` ` you 're going to destroy your seed ? ''
` ` i know another seed person . ''
` ` his seed was destroyed . ''
` ` his seed pops out when he dies , '' jason told tark .
` ` the seed got out , '' jason said , on the verge of tears .
a moment later he held up the gray , walnut - sized seed .
the seed was half buried .
nobody found a seed .
he wondered if tark and rachel had completely escaped , and if they had planted jasher 's seed .
beyond , the ground was level , open , and overgrown , probably part of an old pasture gone to seed .
he stared down at the handful of seed and cracked corn raining between his fingers .
` ` finding seed will be tough , '' weller said .
if you can even find seed to plant , it 'll be months before a harvest .
grown from seed , varieties she 'd cultivated ... '' sarah trailed off .
she did n't say : this is the future growing the seeds you sowed in the past .
i remembered him poking holes in the potting soil and dropping seeds in , tiny , dead - looking things disappearing into the deep black earth .
blue snarled a few seed heads off the tall grass .
willows propagated , he said , by dropping seeds in moving water that then carried them downstream , allowing them to root on some distant shore .
hanging back a few dozen feet , up to my waist in the dry field grass , i brushed my palms over the seed tops and sighed .
then the flowers were replaced with berries and seed pods and the leaves were yellow , then red .
no seed pods .
everything about him as he stood on the hill next to me , his fingers brushing the seed - tops of the golden grass , reminded me of apples .
he sang , the bird that flies across the fields eats the seeds of the meadow grasses the seed that falls from the beak yields more than the meadow 's losses .
finally , we 'd all finished with claire and were ready to go , but no one wanted to disturb them , so we stood watching as fiona pulled away from hugh , shook a few seeds from her nest of wild hair , and grew a rose bush heavy with red flowers right where they stood .
he sat down next to the old men , dropping seeds until the birds circled him .
each time a seed or nut or bulb awakened to its own unique life , the awe awakened in her anew .
they 're seed and water and sun .
fireproof , as any djinn 's skin must be , it was rolled tight to contain the precious thing magpie knew must burn within it , a seed from the mystical pomegranate .
the seeds are full of light .
each seed contains as much light as your sun ! ''
they carry the seeds above , and plant them in souls where they 're needed . ''
a slow smile spread across his face as he stroked the seeds lovingly .
mirabella and liza went forward onto the bridge of sighs , leaving the blind mole humming happily to himself , hunched over his seeds .
liza offered up the seeds .
` ` let 's go give a seed to mrs . costenblatt , '' she said to patrick , and he agreed , grumpily and gruntily , shoving his hands in his pockets : the patrick she had known , and loved , and hated , too , since the moment he was born .
stalin 's brows drew together as he read , ` ` the ten - day plan to secure wealth '' and ` ` plant the seed and it will grow '' .
to his amazement , when given his seed , there was offspring .
his seed ?
this is when the word monster first seizes in my minda seed plugged into fertile agony to germinate later .
then a good mow and putting in seeds .
in its place , silence takes seed and grows into a solid wall of thorny vines , sequestering each of us off into our own little worlds .
priority had immediately been given to agriculture , but with the continuing drought coupled to the increasing shortages of fuel , fertilizer , transportation , and even seed .
planting time was approaching ; we had some vegetable seed i had put away , but i wanted to make a trip into pierson and see if we could scavenge anything from the co - op .
luck was with us , after scrounging high and low we found a whole bag of seed corn and other vegetable seed that had nt been opened , along with a few bags of fertilizer that were harder than rock .
luck was with us , after scrounging high and low we found a whole bag of seed corn and other vegetable seed that had nt been opened , along with a few bags of fertilizer that were harder than rock .
yes , indeed little things like planting the first radish seed were now a cause for celebration .
we hung around the colonists for a week and almost every evening left with a boat load of things which had been denied us like flour with no weevils , cooking oil , cheese , even a jar of pickles , and a sack of seed potatoes along with another precious commodity , soap .
they immediately fell in love with it ; both had farming backgrounds , and eagerly volunteered to help us plant seed potatoes .
you took the woman that was meant for me and made her your wife , planting your seed in her to make you a daddy .
he looked up and said , ` ` when the father plants his seed in the mother and the new life takes form , the body and soul mate .
we are lucky in that our seed has survived .
today they will finish the store house and we will be able to store the grain seed until it is time to plant . ''
` ` we were lucky that no one found out about the store of grain seed during those last days at sea . ''
` ` hungry people would do almost anything for food , including eating the seed we need to sustain ourselves . ''
there is no point having seed to plant if the people die before we get somewhere to plant it . ''
the land awaited the seed that would feed the growing colony .
we will place only small portions of our seed and grain on each boat and the shipments spread out over several weeks .
the hunting parties had been successful and the remaining grain and seed safely secured .
if arii falls , he is to tell arii that his seed lives on if he can .
gwaum knew that under that red dust laid millions of seeds and spores .
she said that your seed will live on , as will her love for you . ''
millions of dormant spores and seeds burst into life .
ill buy seeds tomorrow .
it will be after they ll be a year in a seed settlemnet near the border .
like a seed of wheat it will insert roots into the ground , send green leaves to the air around okey ?
it will last- together with the seeds service two and half years .
he knew that over there , in nehusha seed seven guys from his childhood would join him ; but maybe some would withdraw ?
i know that in other seed settlements they are full .
the guards had to stand at the gate of the seed , that would be locked at night .
he remembered that he had wanted to wish her good luck : last satuday , still in nehusha seed , he was listening on the radio to the singingirls new song , which also jacque malka enjoyed .
in the following five minutes , humik told semadar about his life in the seed settlement and was listening to semadars satisfaction from her bands shows : she had exhibited to him some recent press reportages and articles about the singingirls , and also pohtos that were printed .
untill the beaurocrates had thought how to bring us such a herd to nehusha seed , i and jacque malka already moved to this course , then to this fight .
so , ill soon discover to her that i had left the seed .
a snowflake as large and light as a dandelion seed bounds up , hits the window , rotates ninety degrees and melts away .
of course , they had hedged their bets with frozen eggs and seed .
two years after the centsurety lab explosion , in an effort to relieve his pain and divert his anger , fflowers had had his seed mated with elenas eggs .
what they re probably doing is emitting excuses as fast , big and stinking as pigs farts and dishonoring our sacred honor code by conjuring up a thousand ex post facto gigs for your missing swain to show he has been a bad seed , a bad apple and a bader meinhof neer do well .
when jiffy shook his head , it looked to prissi like a dandelion flower gone to seed blowing in the wind .
she flew over a long straight strand of seed pearls glowing north and south all the way to the water .
to relieve the tedium of self , in imitation of a bored god creating adam and eve , elena made fair from one of her eggs and a seed left by one of those who had run away so many years before .
she smiled with what may be the seed of love and promise of a bright future together .
the seeds can develop without cross - fertilization so a flower can fertilize itself .
if they do nt work they go to seed and die young .
hey , i do nt make the weather , she thought , tossing them a spray of seed which they ignored .
dierdre had promised them cuttings and seeds and david had found more seeds in the root cellar .
dierdre had promised them cuttings and seeds and david had found more seeds in the root cellar .
there were not a few overgrown lots going to seed .
he was using whistles and claps to try to get their attention , wanting to show them their seed trough and introduce them to the heated enclosure where they would spend the cold new england nights .
there are cotsetlancottagers , you might saywho owe everything to their lordhut , plot , animals , seed .
we have trebs in the barn that would work they are farm vehicles for hauling feed and seed .
aye , i must toil and sow the seed of glory against the full coming of the imperial days when the seas give up all their living dead . '
' yes , the ground is all sown , ' said the jesuit , ' and we have not to fear that one portion of the seed may have fallen upon stone , another upon the highway , or that the birds of heaven have eaten the rest , aves coeli comederunt illam . '
he did not invoke god , we very well know , but he had faith in the genius of evil -- that immense sovereignty which reigns in all the details of human life , and by which , as in the arabian fable , a single pomegranate seed is sufficient to reconstruct a ruined world .
book one - the god in the clear rock book two - the hole in the magic shield book three - the empty eggs of burning light book four - the wrath of the invisible sword book five - the final fire of bright skies and coming soon book six ( the final book ) - the seed of the suns heart find the latest information about lucian at : lucianrandolph.com and circle lucian on google plus : https : //plus.google.com/+lucianrandolph or follow lucian on twitter : https : //twitter.com / lucianrandolph a quick note from the author this story is based on actual history , real science , and existing or developing technology ; plus a little bit of make - believe thrown in for spice .
upon the table were five sacks of flour for bread and two bags of seed for the next field planting .
each seed was light brown and shaped like a cup with a cover over its lid .
he made this staff for me and has also charged me with planting his seeds during our travels .
they marveled at the seeds .
when he turned around there was a tiny green sprout protruding from the ground from where alex planted the seed .
during their time together with kallel and mary , alex , lily and marlin planted new seeds to begin growing for the next harvest .
yes it 's true you have just been born , but travellers are born with many memories of all their kin ... ok , i will help you by telling you of events as i have recorded them , perhaps they will jog your memory ... a tale of one within each of us is a seed and that seed is the key to it all , eternal life , transcendence , awakening , everything ... -- dr . leonardo wilkinson a young man walked through the streets and he pondered , considering times past ; from times at distant shores to last night in a bar .
this is the seed of something truly amazing , and for once i m happy to have shown up for a society meeting .
` ` his seed he did plant in her and from her loins did birth this boy - jonathon beckett the third . ''
is just gon na say that ... yeah uncle , but we ai nt seed nor heerd from him in a quite a long spell , clem answered .
come on in captain ... you ve got some more folks with y all that me and clem ai nt seed afore .
shed even managed to create a seed and then make it grow .
between that , his sturdy but well - worn and simple clothes , the bags of seed in the back of the wagon , and his destination , cade guessed him to be a farmer .
all i gave her was powdered morel seed and sightshade .
1999 wake up time the only real choice there s no ladder food for thought the log the secret world part 3 energies makes its own sauce legacy the lay of the land the end game a poem when thoughts are heard when words are said , a seed is sown inside your head , that seed becomes a dormant thought not chosen or contrived .
there is always an air of the forests identity under the canopy , sometimes a cheeky gust comes as if carrying a message perhaps an invitation or a warning , or maybe just a wind - train for the seed and pollen passengers .
now his intrigue was aroused by the meaning of gold in the bigger picture , the seed which had planted itself in his mind way back in the northern mountains of nepal , the seed which had also planted itself in the heart of the planet during the forming of the universe .
behold the pale ones seed !
juan was furious because in that moment he recalled the parade of men she had led into bedroom over the years and now for him she was gone to seed just like him .
you can tell by the needle leaves and the smell , as well as the seeds they produce .
about seeds and things .
the boiling , sickly feeling that had formed in the pit of his stomach like a seed slowly sprouting was directionless .
the empress found a way to sustain that power , but aemon had fled before he could learn from her and his power died out , though some trace of it remained in his blood ; when he came here and found valerium , and used his blood to bind it to him , that dormant seed grew and blossomed , allowing him to fight and defeat the tyrant when she invaded .
that seed was , we believe , passed down from him to his son , from that son to his daughter , and so on and so forth until your father .
a blade , no matter how divine , can not pull crops from their parched seeds , nor rain from the cloudless sky .
and know this , arrogant little creature , you are powerless to stop it , he concludes , searching for a sign his words have sown seeds for later reaping .
quickly reaching into a pocket inside his coat , the reaver produces a small seed , dropping it onto the ground before turning back to face the dumbstruck duo .
you have the seed of understanding , sygoss replied with satisfaction .
the seed company that supplies the seed to the farms you spray wants the farmers to use the companys new subsidiary of truck and aircraft crop sprayers and not you local guys .
the seed company that supplies the seed to the farms you spray wants the farmers to use the companys new subsidiary of truck and aircraft crop sprayers and not you local guys .
the next four flights after the water will transport 16.4 tons of soil , seeds , and animal stocks ; everything needed to sustain life up there .
what you have nt seen is that we have over 300 types of vegetables , herbs , other plants and fruit in seed form or dormant , in storage units ; we will rotate crops , replacing wheat with a crop of green beans , which adds nitrogen to the soils , or hydroponic growing chambers or bags .
several of the smallest 40 - foot cylinders will be storage facilities for over 5,000 needed items , like salt , 1,000 pounds of freeze - dried cheddar cheese , 40 or so tons of frozen beef and again pork which i plan to take up if we have time , vitamins in liquid form , medical equipment and supplies , seeds , dormant plants , etc . , while one is planned to have 30,000 gallons of water .
who is this machiavelli that planted the diabolical seed , then uprooted it , asks villefort , and how can you know ?
he is sure to attract a mate and pass on his seed , thus ensuring his dancing genes are passed on watch a show on the breeding habits of a gorilla , you could play that narrators comments over a video of the goings on at a dance club and get pretty much the same results .
she explained what seeds were inside each cloth and told chris how far apart they needed to go from one another .
` ` on the mounds of dirt in each row , place the seed on top of the soil and press it down with your thumb . ''
just as she explained , she took seed after seed out of the cloth , placed it gently on the mound of dirt and used her thumb to push it down , being careful to make sure it was completely covered .
just as she explained , she took seed after seed out of the cloth , placed it gently on the mound of dirt and used her thumb to push it down , being careful to make sure it was completely covered .
` ` now this is the sweet corn , so the seeds need to be about 12 inches apart .
he opened his eyes and set them upon hanna who had already moved onto the third set of seeds .
sacks and sacks full of wheat seed .
as the wheat seed was beat out , it left the wheat stalks which mr . browley raked away .
priscilla and hanna gathered the seeds into baskets and took them outside to mrs . browley who tossed them into the air allowing the gentle breeze to carry away the seed bits and left over hay while the good seeds fell back into the basket .
priscilla and hanna gathered the seeds into baskets and took them outside to mrs . browley who tossed them into the air allowing the gentle breeze to carry away the seed bits and left over hay while the good seeds fell back into the basket .
once the entire basket was nothing but usable seed , she emptied it into the awaiting sack .
when he returned with another man mr . browley introduced as john timberlin , chris helped them bring in the sacks of wheat seed .
now it is your responsibility to furnish your own team and seeds .
chris answered , still feeling a little nervous being in immediate debt with a team and seed for his field .
he gave her a firm but quick kiss , then headed back to the field with his seed bag in hand .
as the rain and the snow come down from heaven , and do not return to it without watering the earth and making it bud and flourish , so that it yields seed for the sower and bread for the eater , so is my word that goes out from my mouth : it will not return to me empty , but will accomplish what i desire and achieve the purpose for which i sent it . ''
felix loved working with seeds .
his first major breakthrough as a scientist had been made through dna tests performed on the same type of tulip seed he now held before him .
slowly , he moved the seed from the table into the blue light of the cylinder .
the seed , not the tool , felix said quietly .
that acorn is a seed .
he was resigned to remain a bad seed .
they cared for each other but the seeds of settling had not yet germinated in either of them .
they scattered like seeds in a wind storm .
its in the seed pocket .
ted unrolled the top of an already - open bag of seed and scooped some out with a coffee mug .
in each saucer , ted dumped a small pile of seed from the mug .
ted turned his attention now to the full bags of seed .
oh that s right , you put your disgusting seed in one of our women and somehow that makes you part of our community .
lets put an end to that seed before it germinates .
the surplus of agricultural goods , including seed and stock , for an equal weight of wood is a fair deal .
considering how much seed and grain you could receive for a single cord of wood , this offer is more than generous .
skull lifted the seed out of the glass cylinder and placed it on her palm .
a drop of the liquid potion made the seed grow into a beautiful bud of some kind of flower .
she , too , seemed surprised at her quick response and blushed again , lowering her eyes to stare at a grey squirrel scrounging for seeds in the fallen foliage .
you remember how homophobic edgar was imagine what it would have been like , waking up day after day with his belly hair glued down with someone elses seed . )
and what better way to prove she s a witch than to let her win some battles against impossible odds and then plant the seeds she did so with supernatural help ?
al i could see was vast land covered with grass and there were seed beds of different flowers grown and were so picturesque and i could see many horses running around the grassy land grazing and feeding their baby horses .
the sun and the moon are similarly masculine and feminine opposites and an eclipse of the sun by the moon can be seen as an act of procreation , with the moon absorbing the suns vital force , just as the man plants the seed of life in the woman .
the pull on his mana was intense as each time a seed was shredded it took more mana to keep it formed , from dulling and keep the rotations flying .
when the invading army fled it left a dangerous seed living deep inside the earth , which grew so quickly it affected land above .
their research was a success and the farmers who planted their soybean seed had bountiful harvests while those who did nt were practically wiped out .
they took control of the initial step , the first layer of the food chain ; the seed .
the beechs agreed to only allow those farmers who paid the unions inflated hourly rate the use of their seeds .
since they controlled the seed market the farmers had no choice but to acquiesce .
an apple seed , will only ever grow into an apple tree .
i m so glad that you realized i was going to be a writer long before i did and nourished that seed in me .
minutes stood between the matchless moment to keep her wishes from being dashed , and all it would take is the planting of one poison seed .
were not worthy enough for his precious seed or whatever ?
he could nt imagine it , why would there be lots of seeds ?
it is also the source of all life , from whence the creator sowed the first seeds , so long ago .
i landed and bounced in what looked like the white version of our mountain pumpkin 's sinew minus the seeds .
here , separate the seeds like this .
* * * * the summer days were long , the air was hot , and the women worked hard encouraging the ground to give life to their seeds .
often did the first lady pay visit to the temple to give thanks to athena for granting her people safety and the means to live productively , there had too been a time when she prayed each day for her husbands seed to be planted within her .
we know that a nation from beyond the pillars is invading our lands , attempting to enslave the world that our people have fought to keep free since athena planted the seeds of life beneath the fertile soils of greece .
legend has it , he once talked a used car salesman into buying seed packets labeled money tree .
that , along with bits of 1956s invasion of the body snatchers , where extraterrestrial seed pods replicated citizens as brainwashed slaves .
i do nt have an answer to that , rather than saying all the seeds are not packaged into a soul .
i have already planted some seeds to that effect .
any grower using the beta potato for seed found the new season 's crop produced a low yield and two seasons later , nothing .
fresh shoots pushed through the tangle of old growth that had protected the seed from the harshness of winter .
if meat will be scarce , we must find more seeds and roots , dawn suggested thoughtfully .
because this seed grows into a plant , and will bear more seed abundantly , dawn said reverently .
because this seed grows into a plant , and will bear more seed abundantly , dawn said reverently .
stick seeds into the ground ?
i think it will work the same with seeds .
but each seed is such little thing , why make such big holes ?
oh , the digging is not for the seed , dawn explained ; it is to make space , not for the seed , but for the plant that will grow from it .
oh , the digging is not for the seed , dawn explained ; it is to make space , not for the seed , but for the plant that will grow from it .
i am ripping up these grasses , digging up these plants , so when i plant my seed , the plant that comes up has a place to grow .
every seed planted will bear many more seeds ... she tried to imagine the increase .
every seed planted will bear many more seeds ... she tried to imagine the increase .
your seed had better bear fruit more than tenfold to be worth all this work , tanya commented .
maybe we should just plant a small patch to try out the different seeds , and if it works , next year we can enlarge on it , dawn suggested thoughtfully .
i went to our plot to see if any of the seeds have shown themselves , but none have yet , said tanya conspiratorially .
until then the cows were glad to receive his seed and bear his offspring , but afterwards they did not even notice him .
ah what , in his time he had cast his seed and sired many young .
last fall the girls had made some flower wreaths and unintentionally scattered some seeds in the process ; there were now quite a few budding among the grasses .
but there is no sign of seeds , though some grasses are starting to show through .
lana and ido were grinding some seeds between two flat stones .
taking turns , the girls crushed the seed into a grey powder .
dawn was the next to step forward with an offering of nuts and a few honey flavored seed cakes .
the grasses have seeds growing and the tomato plants have started to bear fruit , dawn said with pride in her voice .
i can see you scattering the grain , see the seeds burst to life , reach for sun and air .
and nymphs gave birth to a seed rarely and never lose their figure like human women .
his seed fertilized my field again .
a dozen centaur and ogre patrolled relentlessly around the roof , vigilant protectors of the young along with all nymph mothers who watched over their seeds .
ethan watched tokala pull a seed from his pocket and saw it grow into a thick , sunflower - like plant that was over four feet wide and wreathed in bright yellow petals , but it was nt a sunflower .
tokala felt his central heart thundering in his breast while his lungs constricted , making it hard to breathe as he held the mirror cupped in both hands and lifted it to the sky while telling all the plants to shrink back into seeds and never grow again .
nymphs have the fastest reproductive rate and can have a seed every year if they have a partner who beds them at the right moment .
i will also give you seeds to plant here .
the father had cast his seed where his moods and the fortunes of his position allowed .
berries were ripening in sheltered places , and the ears of grass were forming into seed pods .
and plants his seed in her ... ile added .
yes , like we plant rye seed ... to grow in its time .
but you have to remember when the seed was planted , dawn said conclusively .
yaya had made some seed cakes which were almost instantly gone , the boys having snatched more than their share of them .
tender smoked meat dipped and dried in honey , seed cakes , nuts , sweet roots and berries were offered around .
she found that sometimes a tiny injury to a fruit would trigger ripening as the plant tried to ensure maturity of seed , before rot would set in .
a fruit that has fallen from a tree is no longer a part of it , though it carries its seed .
she took a few swings , aiming at a stalk of grass with a heavy seed pod and hit it true .
fresh gusts rustled among the grass , bending the stalks this way and that , the grass heavy with seed .
a seed at a time , chaiko collected the harvest of the traders many years .
then we mate and pass on our seed for the next generation to be born .
all that was required was patience to see what fruit a seed of knowledge grew into , watered by curiosity , fed by desire to learn .
the wind always blows from someplace , casting seed not far from the tree , dawn countered with an oblique reprimand .
why can we not have any seed cakes to offer ?
but seed cakes i will have !
the present day archeologists dig and dig in the dirt without finding an apple seed of jericho because the weapon of mass destruction obliterated the men , women , and children , plants , and animals .
he found her holding a handful of seeds .
so why do nt you just toss seeds up little by little so that these miniscule clouds could form rain and make you little rainbow steps for your feet to step on ?
by the way , how many seeds do you still have ?
can your seeds mix with rock salt ?
so can your seeds and salt mix ?
sunday took out the burlap of seeds .
where are your seeds ?
we have to use all the seeds , errol .
just be careful with the seeds .
he checked his bag again if he brought the seeds .
any kind of seed , maam , errol lied .
errols thumb played with the mini joystick again which made the left wing of the plane pour more grains of salt and seeds .
since errol was running out of seeds , errol requested miss latorena that he would show his project once .
we have salt , but we do nt have seeds anymore .
errol gawked at sunday for keeping more special seeds .
as soon as they secured more seeds and salt , errol maneuvered the plane to the level of his waist .
sunday cracked the seeds in between her palms by producing a hard clap .
she cracked more seeds , and this time , in two swift consecutive strikes .
her hands groped for more seeds from her pockets .
as soon as she clapped a handful of seeds , she felt a heavy hand shoving her head to her side .
he was relieved when sunday formed a cloud through her seeds , and she bounced as if a trampoline caught her to safety .
the mountain slopes down into a setting of green woods composed of oak , pine , maple , and cedar trees along with a rare and beauty confederate yellow daisy found in which is a soft baby chick - colored yellow with a white seed instead of a dark black pit which is named helianthus porteri .
the stranger thanked for the water and said : a master of the estate sent a servant to dig around his garden ; he went further on into the pure field and started sowing poppy seeds .
that servant came to his master at the end of the day and said , be happy for i ve sowed poppy seed in the field behind the garden .
by one of the huts a black - pearl woman with a smiling face , flush with generosity as host , pressed a seed cake into his hand .
spirit seed .
but its seed is most potent , soaked for a half day but harder to find .
for as the blessing cites , the seed of him shall flourish in the womb in which it was received , to reflect all those qualities that the parents themselves received from their parents .
the next time the women go into the fields for fruit and roots , see if you can find some spirit seed for me .
spirit seed ?
but take heart , just like you planted your seed into the ground , so will your ideas germinate and take root .
have you noticed , the shaman said , how a wounded fruit tries to ripen earlier than the rest , to ensure maturity of its seed before spoiling ?
the spirit seed !
it was the spirit seed !
because if i were truly a magician , i certainly would not like these accusations leveled against me , and i would perhaps be inclined to retaliate , say by drying up your testicles into small shrunken seeds or perhaps by swelling them up into great hanging gourds ... who knows , those things would not be beyond the abilities of a magician of such repute as you have claimed .
his seed pod was empty .
now i can understand why he chose her to carry his seed .
from there , we will plant the seeds of discontent and the revolution will be over before it even starts .
what about seeds ?
there were even several seed banksone of the few smart things the dead generation did before countdown .
after compost is created , we must plunder any and all seed banks to grow crops .
you will sow much seed in the field but you will harvest little , because locusts will devour it .
they had some animal bank , like that seed bank they re using in england .
the seed banks one thingthey can plant seeds .
the seed banks one thingthey can plant seeds .
she must have fashioned herself after the actress gertrude lawrence , but the seed had taken and victor began the process of trying to put it all together .
an unseen calling ripened in his gut , this very moment on the verge of seed .
just like the earth sprouts new plants that grow and spread their seeds , you are always ready to offer your great strength and wisdom to all who will listen .
in the greenhouse , i work down the aisles , picking all the ripe crops , replanting new seeds as i go .
arriving at the peak , the van was out of gas , so we were relieved to see the wind turbine still providing electricity we planted seeds from the compound and rigged lighting in an attempt to grow crops .
in the years prior to the first human awakening , seeds were scattered around the landscape by this facility , so there should be a thriving ecosystem outside .
he stares numbly at aging , career - end readers bantering cheerfully about the weather between seed and feed commercials .
use your coins to buy a plow and seed .
the knowledge had always been there , hidden within him like a dormant seed , waiting only for a spark of life .
to plant a seed in future doctors , engineers , chemists , biologists .
in any case , they abandoned most of their wandering ways , except for some knowledge of forest lore and the need to hunt with bow and arrow or spear , for cultivating the land , planting seeds , and waiting for them to grow before harvesting the crop .
better it would have been for her to do as the gods require and burn up the fallen seed in flames . '
kenny was the product of bad seed and malevolent neglect .
tea cups , dishes , and silverware , all made from shells , gourds , seed pods , and other natural items were neatly assembled along display tables .
it emanated a sound like a tinkling bell while it circled me and then drifted out of the tomb like a parachute seed on a breeze .
after paying the taxes and road tolls he would have little left to buy other supplies needed around the house , let alone the seed he would need for the next harvest .
you fertilized my seed , silly .
for how could it succeed , when the seeds he was sowing always fell on dumb ground ?
men and women worked the fields sowing their precious seeds .
the pain caused by his betrayal of thal let go of him like a dandelion seed in the wind .
sagging seed heads of grass brushed his cheeks and tried to lull him with the lazy peace of the countryside , but his attention remained edgy .
lettuces and herbs were shooting to seed .
she could feel her fine hair frizzed around her like a dandelion gone to seed .
the question is this : jaret rammeriz , you have been accused of high treason against the empire , gross mismanagement of the people resources , squandering the empires wealth for your own gain , and most gravely of all , of worshiping chaos and seeking to sow its seeds throughout the world .
` ` well , '' leah said , ` ` for us as a group , it all started at a ren fair ... '' the lyrics : shhh come closer i ve got something for you to hear hey take it easy i m not someone for you to fear misunderstood is what i ve been haunted by my troubled past done some things i d later regret stuck with a reputation that will always last i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people and crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun refrain : i m a bad seed i ve done things ill never admit i m a bad seed i ve never known when to quit done lots of things to lose peoples trust done plenty of things at the time i thought was a must do nt give me that look like i m pulling your leg i know i m being evasive and extremely vague i m not trying to admit to anything specific just saying i ve done things i thought were terrific refrain i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people or crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun track 9 - calm before the storm the interview : bryan : well , this song made the adult contemporary chart .
` ` well , '' leah said , ` ` for us as a group , it all started at a ren fair ... '' the lyrics : shhh come closer i ve got something for you to hear hey take it easy i m not someone for you to fear misunderstood is what i ve been haunted by my troubled past done some things i d later regret stuck with a reputation that will always last i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people and crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun refrain : i m a bad seed i ve done things ill never admit i m a bad seed i ve never known when to quit done lots of things to lose peoples trust done plenty of things at the time i thought was a must do nt give me that look like i m pulling your leg i know i m being evasive and extremely vague i m not trying to admit to anything specific just saying i ve done things i thought were terrific refrain i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people or crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun track 9 - calm before the storm the interview : bryan : well , this song made the adult contemporary chart .
` ` well , '' leah said , ` ` for us as a group , it all started at a ren fair ... '' the lyrics : shhh come closer i ve got something for you to hear hey take it easy i m not someone for you to fear misunderstood is what i ve been haunted by my troubled past done some things i d later regret stuck with a reputation that will always last i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people and crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun refrain : i m a bad seed i ve done things ill never admit i m a bad seed i ve never known when to quit done lots of things to lose peoples trust done plenty of things at the time i thought was a must do nt give me that look like i m pulling your leg i know i m being evasive and extremely vague i m not trying to admit to anything specific just saying i ve done things i thought were terrific refrain i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people or crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun track 9 - calm before the storm the interview : bryan : well , this song made the adult contemporary chart .
` ` well , '' leah said , ` ` for us as a group , it all started at a ren fair ... '' the lyrics : shhh come closer i ve got something for you to hear hey take it easy i m not someone for you to fear misunderstood is what i ve been haunted by my troubled past done some things i d later regret stuck with a reputation that will always last i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people and crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun refrain : i m a bad seed i ve done things ill never admit i m a bad seed i ve never known when to quit done lots of things to lose peoples trust done plenty of things at the time i thought was a must do nt give me that look like i m pulling your leg i know i m being evasive and extremely vague i m not trying to admit to anything specific just saying i ve done things i thought were terrific refrain i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people or crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun track 9 - calm before the storm the interview : bryan : well , this song made the adult contemporary chart .
and survival of sixty percent of the remaining palmir people , a seed to ensure the continuation of our culture .
the long marsh grass beneath his feet has begun to yellow , the heads heavy with seeds .
yarin trees line the shore near him , their gnarled roots reaching into the lake and their twisted branches laden with long , orange seed pods .
here and there , long , orange seed pods cling to the branches .
she flits ahead , distracted by a mountain of seed .
he laid a hand upon her shoulder as with the other he used a lukewarm wash cloth to wipe the mess of zarachs seed from her back in gentle strokes .
any man who desires , may enter now and consummate these holy sacrifices with his seed .
and he saw once again the power , coiled like a seed ready to grow into a mighty tree , in the visions he had seen .
and i know that the knight who came with thee across the waters dreamed of thee before thy fathers seed took root in thy mothers womb .
my master , i beg youthou art my life as the flower is to the sun , my breath as the seed is to the winddo not send me back !
she removed a small red seed , and with her finger pushed it into the soft wet earth .
she then noticed a small green shoot at the very spot where she 'd shoved the small seed into the ground .
the object she noticed first was the tree shoot from her seed .
when i woke the next morning , i had a single seed in my mouth .
then she realized that it was a pomegranate , the same variety that had sprouted up from the seed she 'd pushed into the ground the night velinar bit her .
they were experts in every form of plant , fruit , vegetable , grain , weed and seed .
you are now the protector of life , the sower of seed , the provider of birth .
the seeds had sprouted perfectly .
he had clearly been muscular in his youth but was now running to seed .
for five years my mages have laboured for this ; even now they seep through the shadows , sewing the dark seeds that shall allow us total domination !
emelia dreamt transiently about running through the long grasses , clouds of seeds rising like vapour around her .
no man may feast on every seed , it is written .
he tossed hunor a cloth bag full of seed .
hunor laughed then tossed a seed into his mouth .
been away from home too long when i wolf down arynx seed like that .
asked mody between pecks at the seed .
she had finished her seed and was very tired .
better use that grain of mustard seed .
food was plentiful here , and fertile plots had been sown with seed to create lavish gardens and orchards for fruits .
yet here and there upon the arid sand we crossed oases , tracts of fertile land where humans of assorted mongrel breeds built huts , and plowed the earth , and planted seeds .
they also felt they had a valid deed to ' every tree with fruit which yieldeth seed . '
spread the seed to ensure survival .
maybe it was because the two boys were using forks to dig a field for planting seeds and the witches were concerned that they might use them as weapons .
` ` the seed of a woman , the child of a woman , would bruise and dislodge me forever ! ''
it is foretold by the one himself that he who is to come will be ' the seed of a woman , ' as he put it , or , that is to say , born of a woman .
however , the thought , the single idea of counting the people would be like a seed growing into a tree within the heart of the king .
they were seeds .
i have all the seeds i need to plant a crop .
they planted the seeds that same day .
as zachery sowed the seeds into the deep furrows he ploughed into his field , he swore he could see them digging themselves in deeper .
quickly he travelled to all of his fields , and realised that the seeds had sprouted everywhere .
she could just make out the five inhuman shapes moving about in her fields , ploughing the earth and sowing the seeds of loyalty with great care .
from the earth came the few small movements of loyalty , its seeds sprouting already .
he still had to sow the seeds , of course , then water them , hopefully with help from the rain .
this was followed by flowers , and from one of these flowers , blooming for the first time , the petals opened to reveal a being no bigger than a seed sitting in the middle of the flower .
qei is the god of the harvest and farmers , so he is the god of the earth , as he tends to the earth so that it might be fit for the seed .
kala asked , spitting out a seed .
when our seeds are firmly planted , then we will walk forth with bearing -- never running , across the fields with the cadence of our hearts beating .
the poor girls womb could not contain the power of the seed it held , and she had died in childbirth .
the crowd was small , impatient , and called out for more song ; they paused in their reunion to sing a second one : this song was born in ruins overgrown by knotted pine that tangled up the memories and twisted up the rhymes ; those woods were borne of angry men whose eyes have long - since closed ; their ears will never hear again ; they ve been too - long exposed ; their skin has crawled from flesh and bone and fed the plants around ; their limbs will never stand alone , will never dance around ; the muscles that were once so trim are trimmer , now , indeed ; they fed the roots their nutrients and sated growing seed ; the trees are dank and strangely warped , as if in anguished pain ; the vines that drape like fetters worn , resemble tarnished chains ; the undergrowth is rich with rot , and fungus thrives therein ; their presence tells of things forgot and years that lie between but if you listen for the wind on days too still to break , you may perchance to hear the men if they should deem to speak ; you ll hear the cries of horrid death in these , their graven woods ; with every leaf , their passing breath is fully understood ; the trees reflect their mad repose ; the rot reflects their mind ; but who are they ?
you will speak gently and smile and talk about things like the weather and if the crops will be good this year and how to sew seed pearls and sparkles onto fancy dresses .
chapter one and lolth said : the seed without garden never bears fruit it is in woman all things divine are found the dark texts dwarves preferred great vaulted arched ceilings with large ornately carved columns and grand open spaces underground .
the seeds had been planted ; it was now time to see what fruits they bore .
yes , all the seeds were planted ; it was now time to see what fruits they bore .
she will have to be mated sooner , rather than later and no ordinary seed will do .
only the best seed will be considered for this one .
the former prince had so generously donated his seed to the cause and with much pleasure in doing so .
you will allow him to bury his root and plant his seed .
the clouds on the horizon were looming closer , tall stacks of fluffiness , like puffs of seeds on a tall reed .
only the elves have the power to cultivate my makers seed .
adding some sunflower seed oil might help .
i m just planting a seed .
east are hills thickly carpeted with shrubs and thorns , and offspring trees that curve their branches to the ground and plant seeds where they touch .
he often did that , munching on the stalk as it grew shorter and shorter until only the seed was left , at which he d throw it away and pick another .
both islands are steep and rocky , but both also have pockets of the most fertile soil in the world , where the most bone - fisted farmer can throw seeds on the ground and sit back to watch them grow .
they have ploughs and shovels to break up the earth , but planting seed is a slow , back breaking task .
then the ploughman can drop the seeds in .
or better , we might be able to add a part to drop in a measured amount of seeds into the hole as it goes .
he did nt know whether they had ever seen a plough , much less know what they were for or how much work was involved in planting seed .
it is for planting seeds , lady .
ghiblin pulled the planter on its wheels up and down an area of earth which had been brought into the hall for the purpose , and he demonstrated how the turning of its wheels moved the spokes to make the hole in the earth , and the spokes moved the gear to drop seed into the hole before the flat blade shovelled earth back over the seed again .
ghiblin pulled the planter on its wheels up and down an area of earth which had been brought into the hall for the purpose , and he demonstrated how the turning of its wheels moved the spokes to make the hole in the earth , and the spokes moved the gear to drop seed into the hole before the flat blade shovelled earth back over the seed again .
the man added , for one who has been to bed with so many adoring young women -- students he seduces in the privacy of his library -- you ve sown a suspicious lack of seeds .
bedding women and planting his seeds in them was renmyrs duty as a member of the governing house , or so most in haddowyn believed .
it exists in nature , spreading itself thinner with the birth of each new creature or the sprouting of each new seed .
and yet , as much as he recalled that love , he scarcely recalled the woman , the mother of his children , all of who had scattered to the wind , like so many seeds , oblivious to the fate of the individual who d spawned them .
lerissa was a result of one such seed , the only one that had come back around to him .
iii poems of the first age when mountains woke from distant sleep unknown when mountains woke from distant sleep they dreamed below the grassy fields from hill and slope and craggy peeks they moved and ripped the earth beneath with given ease they shook and tore the roots of seas and raging streams to drain into the vast divides or drive to sink the desert sand when oceans filled the jagged cracks of deepest wounds in crumbled stone awoke those trapped in times forgot their bones set free and given form of terrors nightmares could not show they drifted up from darkest reach to ground to breath consumed by thoughts to put to rest all children born but in a field of grassy slopes where trees stood watch on nature still there lied remains of kings of old long covered with the rolling mounds when springs did flood the wooded glen returned the soul of king so - kai and gave him form that echoed life to sweep the terror from the land men cast their bodies to the dark unknown soldier from the third solent war men cast their bodies to the dark vainly scream and slash at shadow they sing and stomp , an ancient arc footprints left seed land a fallow of spear and teeth ride men to hell wolves they mount consume their mighty they shatter , break in horror dwell swell their hearts to die most rightly upon return their flags wave high peace descends on all who settle on house on hill on children spry dreams of men rust sharpest metal yet those returned their minds still war they long to wake from slumbers bore before you sleep ill tell you tales takmn - ra of lach brewjett before you sleep ill tell you tales of monsters , giants , thieves and scales well climb the mountains , round the snake and weigh the gold while dragons wake but sleep and dream the soundest rest mad kings , dark clouds and ghostly pests have time allowed but what was penned my stories made are just pretend the only thing to fear is mine in loss of sleep you re so malign to wail and rage and horrify much more than demons glorified what keeps me wake and full of dread to tell the tales beside your bed of rainbows , pups and unicorns that wastes the mind and leaves it shorn https : //twitter.com / eliopaige https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / eliopaige eli.olivia.paige @ gmail.com the wizards journal blood moon by t. j .
moreover , the ease with which birds migrated to and from isolated lands also haphazardly spread species to isolated islands , as birds could carry from place to place seeds , plants , eggs , and food in their beaks , feet , and stomachs .
then at the end , you come in here , drinkin and bellyachin , disturbin my supper , when the guy you should be talkin to is home , worryin about whether hell get through the winter and have enough seed grain for the spring .
i popped that in about the seed grain for next year , and he nodded , all serious .
instead , a dark thought took seed within me .
i left and returned with lychees from my garden , fed from seed to fruit with fire .
stripping it of skin and seed i fed to the mortal flesh like meat , flesh like liquor ; blood - red and just as hot .
he came to her armed in the glory of himself , whose seed had made possible the winged conflagrations that were his sons , whose incandescence had captured aloofxihefor ten fleeting moments .
as for the root of this evil , it was equally unthinkable and humiliating for a king : because , as soon as the first wave of stillbirths had been acknowledged and since the queen was long past her childbearing years king fazen had begun hectically planting his ageing seed in the wombs of a horde of maids , ladies - in - waiting , palace concubines and alley whores , not one of whom had managed to produce a living bastard .
however , for all her lifelong and passionate adoration of them , the spirits had nt granted her a fruitful womb : after fantyr , her precious , was born , her insides had dried up like an old well , so that she had to resign herself to her barrenness , while fazen lavished his potent seed on his odious mistresses , filling the palace and the castle with filthy little bastards whom firalda , along with their mothers , was forced to exile to the minelands or , sometimes , if they became too greedy and contrary , even dispatch through her loyal henchman , adding to the weight of her remorse and her fear of the spirits reckoning .
and there was still a third group who believed that the destruction , doubtless the work of the cruel gods of life and death killing most people while letting some live just to suffer had been at the last moment influenced by the goddess luck , who , livid at the wickedness of her sons , had torn off a third piece from the fragment that was supposed to ensure the survival of some people , and let it drop , gently as the planting of a seed , in a land which , by grace of her mercy , was left unscathed .
first and most prominent were the trees that surrounded the beach whose sand was nt grey and hard but soft and yellowish : tall and curved , with huge drooping leaves amidst which hung brown hairy spherical objects , gigantic seeds of some sort , which , according to what wixelor recalled from a dream , might be edible .
it was the sign they d been waiting for ; within a moment , screaming with joy or sobbing with gratitude , the skeletal women , men and children fell upon the magical tree and its bounty like a swarm of locusts , wolfing down whole apples , devouring oranges complete with their bitter , moist peel , and swallowing apricot pits as if their stomachs were the seed - hungry earth , while others , down on all fours like grazing cattle , pulled pungent onions and blood - fleshed beets and gobbled them up still caked in soil .
` ` so there 's no such thing as a ' bad seed ? ' ''
or was he looking for a prophecy , some kind of trick or spell or something normal people could nt see in the words that were there , because otherwise the world would go to seed around themand ohthankgod a waitress .
everything in the elven capital was guided from seed to root and from seedling to tree .
they were happily pecking away at seeds on the ground .
i was thinking we should get some seed for crops , but if were going much further it will be too late in the season to plant .
well definitely want to get the seed .
they bought the seed and finished loading the wagon before heading towards camp .
they bind as one , their origins conforming from a single seed beneath the sterling silver falls .
that would have been comparing an apple seed to the apple itself .
he already got his hands on a piece of lemurian seed crystal .
in order to open the aperture upon a time of no full moon , he required the power of a lemurian seed crystal , a fragment of moldavite , and some spirit quartz .
the lemurian seed crystal with its soft pink glow and key inclusion , the moldavite with its translucent bottle - green hue , and the spirit quartz with its purple stain .
she was the voice sung in which he only hear , and thy seed within his bloom .
however , this takes time , the full - blown result not being present in the planted seed .
this is love in both seed and fully grown tree .
then they took digging sticks and bags of seeds and planted .
he turned the baby this way and that so that everyone saw the mark on the little forehead ; with his own red blood the lineage - father had written the sign v , the split earth ready to receive new seed .
on the mat he performed a divination with his light - stones and seeds .
he mixed the seeds and light - stones and said a prayer , and then he made little piles of seeds and counted the days : four chicchan , five cimi , six manik ...
he mixed the seeds and light - stones and said a prayer , and then he made little piles of seeds and counted the days : four chicchan , five cimi , six manik ...
i understood that he was counting the holy days forward , one day for each pile of seeds .
and when all the seeds were in piles he said , lord caban , this is your year , this is your question , what is your word ?
he poured more seeds from the bag , and he counted , and he repeated , lord caban , this is your year , this is your question , what is your word ?
so when he heard those babies , he knew he could plant black seeds in them .
then he performed the divination , he counted the seeds and prayed .
my father was not pleased with this divining , he wanted a third time with the seeds and stones .
after the rains ended and the new year began , kaakik and i took digging sticks and planted the seeds for the new milpa .
his lineage - father came and blessed the field and the seeds , and three quails were sacrificed , along with some good liquor .
he heard the words of those boys and said to himself , ` ` here is a chance to plant some black seeds . ''
on the next day , 8 wo 4 chicchan , we burned the tiny body in our lineage - courtyard , and many gifts were sacrificed to ensure that this seed could sprout again .
their faces were smashed and destroyed , their seed became nothing .
on the day 5 pax 9 manik , a day for planting seeds , i caught the fruits he dropped down and placed them in his carrying - basket .
it was when she was planting the seeds that a drum started pounding .
she planted more seeds in the garden of the gods , to drive away blood sucker and those like him .
it was the evening of 0 yax 2 manik when we had this discussion , because manik days are good for planting seeds .
it is the place of the scribes to present the names of the branches and the fruit to the god and show him how his seeds have grown .
the seeds and light - stones were poured out and piled up and counted , and then it was done again , and a third time .
planting came , and kaakik and i put seeds in the ground and then weeded around the sprouts when they broke through the soil .
no thoughts of wives planted in my heart , my brothers spirit tossed out such seeds .
there were thirteen trees growing there , under the shade of the ceibas , and each tree had thirteen ripe seed pods hanging from it .
many ears are taken , many baskets of seeds are taken , right from the fields .
they believed his mother bailite , who claimed she was overtaken by an invisible oppressor , brought forth from her womb the seed of mankind and malaikat ( ubil ) unto all his kindred .
beware the man with only greed he who plants the seed and tills for still greater misdeeds a man becomes a worm a worm becomes the worm obsession darkens soon madness harkens beware you tempered men when to lust , virtue falls stenn stopped , but ennet continued on as another rumbling ran about the hall .
11 : and god said , let the earth bring forth grasse , the herbe yielding seed , and the fruit tree , yielding fruit after his kinde , whose seed is in it selfe , vpon the earth : and it was so .
11 : and god said , let the earth bring forth grasse , the herbe yielding seed , and the fruit tree , yielding fruit after his kinde , whose seed is in it selfe , vpon the earth : and it was so .
12 : and the earth brought forth grasse , and herbe yielding seed after his kinde , and the tree yielding fruit , whose seed was in it selfe , after his kinde : and god saw that it was good .
12 : and the earth brought forth grasse , and herbe yielding seed after his kinde , and the tree yielding fruit , whose seed was in it selfe , after his kinde : and god saw that it was good .
he could be as tiny as a seed and hidden in your pocket , and you would n't know it .
i always thought that a potion that powerfulif one really existed , mind you , which it doesn'twould have to have the seeds of its own destruction within it .
it dropped a thousand floating seeds , and also jaysynn hurtled down from its branches .
some time later , the dragon , having already planted his seed , and given it time to germinate , thought to himself that the time had come to water it , and hopefully , to bring to fruition his subtle assault upon this race of men .
shall our seed be scattered like the seeds of a tree , to be eaten in the wild ?
but vitiai shall fall ; and that seed will be spread in the world below .
the second god gave the youth a sack of seeds , which he planted in a field , the first seeds ever to be planted in all of time .
the second god gave the youth a sack of seeds , which he planted in a field , the first seeds ever to be planted in all of time .
he creates one apple tree but the apples from the tree each have multiple seeds in them to provide the benefits of literally an entire orchard of fruit trees .
a seed remains .
a seed it feels i 'll never be able to dig out .
do n't go taking credit , yer crafty wench , moodle replied , all yer magic did was get my seed into ' is mum , remember ?
yes i seed , he laughed and jumped up and down which made his red bulbous nose waggle like giant wart - covered sausage .
you re not safe here , sir tomas replied , spitting out another seed .
she waved her arms out , as if sowing seed .
i m well satisfied that you waste almost half the seed that way : uneven spread , falling on poor soil , taken by birds , plus the wasted ground where no seed falls .
i m well satisfied that you waste almost half the seed that way : uneven spread , falling on poor soil , taken by birds , plus the wasted ground where no seed falls .
the yield is only about three bushels of grain for one bushel of seed .
now , if a man could afford to buy one of those new horse - drawn seeders that inserts the seed into the ground and covers it , i have been told the yield rises to almost ten for one .
but if pesers would only use a hand - held , mechanical broadcast spreader , and rake the soil over the seed to protect it , he could get four or five bushels of harvest to one of seed .
but if pesers would only use a hand - held , mechanical broadcast spreader , and rake the soil over the seed to protect it , he could get four or five bushels of harvest to one of seed .
one had a bust of a young man and on the other side was an urn filled with dried grasses and seed heads , making a very elegant arrangement .
i plant the grain and sow the seeds .
his sister rain falls from above and nourishes the seeds with love .
the crews cocks left the seed for the birth of sons of god who would , in time , heal this land .
hard cocks and fumbling hands fly to them ... unleash in an orgy of ravenous delight ... for the crew is narcotically seduced ... pleasured in the flesh with touches , licks , nibbling frenzies ... as they embrace , as they coupled , as they take these females , so do they comingle their seed , physical and spiritual , with the nephi .
oh , the sulfuric odors of hell reek all about ... for as mother dolor carries their precious seed within her unholy mouth so does she kneel before her true beloved , archangel luciferhaving turned away from her male dreamer , uprighted and tip - toed away from the mat ... comes before the demonic altar of the black mass ... .squats and in so doing with her privy mouth spits out the splatter of her beguiled lovers semen ... there to be collected by father satan for him to do as he pleases .
like birds set far apart , on a land which offered few seeds .
not just his seed but his mind and soul .
as only minnesota could befrozen , yet with life scurrying all over it and under it : petrifiedhe walks aware of those who live under it , not only the plants sleeping and the seeds anticipating but the pioneers dead and the indians dead and whomever was here before the indians ... frank sees clearly , minnesota is anticipation , expectation , a frozenness which is somnolence , a waiting : for a return , a revivification , more than spring or springs gushing from melted snowit is this he is knowing as he stops at the lakes edge , undefined edge for when does the land end and the ice begin ?
anything maybe it is nt even physical , like seed , ya know , pat speaking , maybe its just they get us thinking this way , so we get that way .
darlm craftily sequesters herself in a darkened corner of their lodge : squats there and expels his seed from her assseed fertilized by her own foulness ... with this she is to raise up his children : inseminate herself ... for from him she will never again receive innocent seedlon having instructedall that is and is about will be ours .
just seed .
not just the seed but the egg .
the mammoths , they were ridden to plow the fields for planting ( and also helped with the planting as they could scatter seeds with their trunks ) ; the ceras were mainly used for harnessing the power of the sun .
perhaps not , but i do have power over them , he gestured to her coven , to her loves , and finally to the small seeds she hoped were growing in her belly .
strange creatures ( information and ideas ) run between these forests , bringing seeds from one of them to another .
it finds a weak opening and it pushes through until it can get to a nice place to plant the seeds from the other forest .
it then goes back the way it came , to get more seeds .
pee - pee goes in ground , goes into roots of grass and flowers , grass grows , flowers grow , goat eats grass , flowers make pollen , goat makes milk , kid drinks milk , farmer takes milk , kid grows up , farmer makes cheese and glue , bees get pollen , carpenter buys glue , candle maker buys cheese , bees make wax , farmer takes money , carpenter makes table , farmer buys seeds , candle maker eats cheese , farmer plants seeds , candle maker buys wax , makes candles .
a seed is nt as pretty as a flower .
the sponge releases attack spores , which burrow with incredible speed into the flesh of the victim , and then repeatedly reproduce ; after about twenty breaths , the victim explodes into a dense cloud of seed spores , leaving no remainder .
since the seed spores are harmless , and since animals and humans know better than to go near the sponge , such destruction by spores happens only rarely ; mages estimate that , on average , it happens only once every eight hundred and seventy - seven years .
she only ate because darestigan gave her an argument to the effect that fruits and nuts were intended to be eaten , as a way of spreading the seed of the plant that grew them .
a dandelion , said ydnas , is not afraid to scatter its seeds .
the bird perched on the sill , and , between pecks at some seeds that had been spread there , playfully made ripples and sparks of song .
she knew that each new plant or animal came from a tiny seed , and each seed was placed by an angel , and grew according to a strict law .
she knew that each new plant or animal came from a tiny seed , and each seed was placed by an angel , and grew according to a strict law .
she had done this on her tenth birthday , and it had struck her then , that each little seed would still be somewhere after several days ; and later it struck her that although they would eventually disappear , each one would set in motion other events , and be transformed into other things ; for example , some might give rise to new dandelions , which would in turn spread their own seeds , and others might become food for worms , which would in turn be food for birds , and so on .
she had done this on her tenth birthday , and it had struck her then , that each little seed would still be somewhere after several days ; and later it struck her that although they would eventually disappear , each one would set in motion other events , and be transformed into other things ; for example , some might give rise to new dandelions , which would in turn spread their own seeds , and others might become food for worms , which would in turn be food for birds , and so on .
she thought that she had probably , at some time , eaten part of the remains of some seed that she had once blown away .
and on her thirtieth birthday , she had thought how amazing it would be , if the reverse were to happen : if little bits of things from all over the world were to come together , over the course of many decades , form seeds , and finally float through the air , to assemble themselves into a single dandelion flower !
then she realized , that what did happen was equally miraculous : that tiny bits of matter from all over the world converged in one small place to become part of a dandelion , and to make its seeds ; and this happens every time a dandelion blooms !
* * once the master of a farm gave one of his servants a bag of seed to sow in a new field .
the servant spread the seed evenly everywhere .
then he gave the servant another bag of seed , and said , use your head this time .
so the servant spread all the seeds on the good soil , without weeds , where the birds and insects would not come .
then he gave him another bag of seed , and said , use your head better this time .
at other times , she was a maple - seed in a breeze , a flock of starlings , clouds crossing the sky , a hive of bees , music , a train of thought , courtship , stars spinning themselves into a galaxy , history , the sequence of prime numbers , and many another thing .
does nt it seem as though each one has within it the seeds of its own destruction ?
the particular etching method recommended here requires acids that are much too expensive nowadays , but if it were done with lizard - spit derivatives instead , we might have a very good way of making seed crystals for personal abaci .
then the group flew off , looking for other seeds .
they paid well and i was able to take portions of grain , seed , and other goods .
this i do that you may know of the torment that is to come because of thy seed , for thy seed shall drink all the water of the earth and shall replace it with tar , and the earth shall be scorched continually by the hand of thy seed .
this i do that you may know of the torment that is to come because of thy seed , for thy seed shall drink all the water of the earth and shall replace it with tar , and the earth shall be scorched continually by the hand of thy seed .
this i do that you may know of the torment that is to come because of thy seed , for thy seed shall drink all the water of the earth and shall replace it with tar , and the earth shall be scorched continually by the hand of thy seed .
this i show you that you may know of the torment that is to come because of thy seed , for thy seed shall drink all the water of the earth and shall replace it with tar , and the earth shall be scorched continually by the hand of thy seed .
this i show you that you may know of the torment that is to come because of thy seed , for thy seed shall drink all the water of the earth and shall replace it with tar , and the earth shall be scorched continually by the hand of thy seed .
this i show you that you may know of the torment that is to come because of thy seed , for thy seed shall drink all the water of the earth and shall replace it with tar , and the earth shall be scorched continually by the hand of thy seed .
thy kind has told me that my seed shall be a scourge unto earth , and shall scorch it with an unquenchable fire .
saying somewhere in our light we will find the seed to plant eternal love .
the man said as the moon shrunk down into a small seed under the white rose .
this one was white to match his clothes and his hair , with a pattern of tiny seed pearls sewn into it .
i would have to give my body to the man whose seed made me pregnant .
a king should have more to offer than seed . ''
` ` perhaps , or perhaps even a little seed in the wrong place can cause a large problem . ''
it was the raw power of life itself , the age - old dance of earth planted with seed bringing forth fruit .
` ` for centuries the men of our court spread their seed far and wide .
oral sex would n't make one of them king to my queen , and they would not waste seed on any other part of my body .
` ` he called one of the women guards by your name and swore that if his mother is so determined to have you with child , it will be his seed in your body . ''
he was the spark , the quickening , that let the seed grow in the earth .
he was that magic bridge between dormant seed , dark earth , and life .
spread your seed over that which is barren , and make it live again . ''
` ` you told me once that you made the celibacy rule because you wanted their seed for yourself , but if you can not be pregnant , then why not let them see if there are other women in the court they could get with child ? ''
` ` oh , kitto ... '' ` ` no , merry , '' kitto said , ` ` it is n't my seed . ''
` ` the seed of the god , '' he whispered .
` ` i am the power that makes the seed break forth from its prison and reach toward the sun . ''
` ` and you are the earth that receives the seed . ''
` ` amatheon is the magic of the earth that quickens the seed .
you are the heat of the sun that calls that seed to the light .
amatheon is the lord of the shallow dark , who holds the seed in its dark cradle until you call it forth . ''
his mouth hovered over mine as he whispered , ` ` if i am that which calls forth the seed , and amatheon is the ground that holds the seed , then what are you , meredith ?
his mouth hovered over mine as he whispered , ` ` if i am that which calls forth the seed , and amatheon is the ground that holds the seed , then what are you , meredith ?
` ` i am the life that springs from the seed , adair .
he says , if his mother would have you pregnant , then it will be his seed that fills your belly . ''
one arrow was all that kept them at bay , each one hesitant to rush , to force her to choose him to plant the angry metal seed in .
the words seeped into him on the silence inside his head , sowing his mind with seeds of comfort .
all that grows in your mind is born of the same murderous seed .
a thin , shrill kettle - whistle erupted from the galley chimneys , the metal cowls beginning to droop towards the deck , slowly , like flowers gone to seed .
` ` gone to seed , '' granby said , disapproving ; and indeed they were puffing a little after their first enraged rush , sides heaving visibly : laurence supposed that they could have very little work , ordinarily , placed here at the capital and on such trivial duty as guarding cattle .
gardener opened her hand and threw some of the seeds out .
light burst between her fingers , as if she 'd cracked a seed of darkness , letting out the illumination trapped inside .
while the cows roasted on spits , for the dragons ' dinner , he walked out over the newly laid floor of the pavilion to its edge and looked down upon the broad valley , already sprouting with the first seed crops , and the browsing herd of sheep and cattle lowing soft to one another in the late afternoon .
i taste the blood on his lips , the foul darkness of death , but a flicker of something substantial is hidden deep inside him , like a seed in the center of an apple .
the vul nut vine was particularly exceptional in that it could flourish as many as eight years prior to its seed actually being sown .
' if she does anything bad to granny , she 's going to go through the rest of her life bright orange and round , with seeds in , ' she said .
once anyone put seeds in anything he lost interest .
and give me a slice without any seeds in it .
every time people put a plough in the soil or planted a seed they took the land further away from you , '' said granny .
some of them appeared to be carrying seeds ...
they had two streets in the form of a cross , one tavern , one seed store , one forge , one livery stable with a name like joe 's livery stable , a couple of barns , three old men sitting outside the tavern , and three young men lounging outside joe 's swearing that one day really soon now they were going to leave town and make it big in the world outside .
it had two streets in the form of a cross , one tavern , one seed store , one forge , a couple of barns and , in a gesture of originality , one livery stable called seth 's livery stable .
the agateans grew crops on any piece of ground the seeds would n't roll off .
the wind rattled the dried seed - heads of moor land flowers .
faced with the possibilities offered by seed pearls and silver filigree , the creator had been at a complete loss .
they 'd ground up seeds and dug up skinny yams and eaten things with more eyeballs than the watch had found after that business with medley the medical kleptomaniac .
rocks had fallen down here , and sand had blown in , and seeds had taken root .
it 's the way the plant spreads its seeds around .
if there were people here , well , i suppose you might get a sort of nicotine tree eventually , because they 'd smoke the cigarettes - i mean , ' he corrected himself , because he prided himself on his logical thought , ' these things that look like cigarettes , and stub them out around the place , thus spreading the seeds which are in the filter .
some seeds need heat to germinate , sir .
there were racks and racks of seeds in this part of the cave .
no good hanging around for a thousand years just growing bigger seeds !
i thought this whole seed business was just high spirits but , yes , i can see that it would save a lot of work , a lot of work .
even the dean managed to get aboard a board , after a revolving , foamy period when man and seed fought for supremacy .
try and get on a seed , archchancellor , do , ' said the senior wrangler .
ridcully hauled himself on to one of the seeds .
an odd shape for a seed , he had to admit .
of course , nature paid a lot of attention to seeds , equipping them with little wings and sails and flotation chambers and other devices necessary to give them an edge over all the other seeds .
' i think it might be a good idea if mrs whitlow hung on to a seed , ' said ponder .
the distant figure stood up on the seed and waved .
the seed changed direction , cruised gently over the backwash and crunched to a halt on the sand .
he picked up the seed and rammed it point first in the sand .
the only greenishness was the dean 's face and , suddenly , the shoots winding out of the bursar 's surfing seed .
in the clearing full of spinning seeds , she circled the swarm .
you sow the seed this year and they grow last year .
a farmer who neglects to sow ordinary seeds only loses the crop , whereas anyone who forgets to sow seeds of a crop that has already been harvested twelve months before risks disturbing the entire fabric of causality , not to mention acute embarrassment .
a farmer who neglects to sow ordinary seeds only loses the crop , whereas anyone who forgets to sow seeds of a crop that has already been harvested twelve months before risks disturbing the entire fabric of causality , not to mention acute embarrassment .
will you stand idly by and let trouble seed for thg future ?
ah , yes - gathering fern seed in a silk handkerchief at dawn .
and he had entered , yea , and taken possession thereof , that it should ever be the dwelling place of his seed .
' your father , if i may make so bold , o sower of the seed , is extremely fortunate in having such a dutiful son .
the little man picked a seed from between his teeth .
khuft picked a fig seed from between two blackened stumps which , because they were in his mouth , probably had to be called his teeth .
and no - one , absolutely no - one , noticed the thin , leaf - like thing that floated gently down from the shadows of the roof , tumbling over and over in the air like a sycamore seed , before landing in the tangled gewgaws of the hoard .
i would n't allow these doubts to take seed and grow roots , crippling my bustling courage .
did he really want to see anka nak*d under shock while he strained to fill her fertile body with energy , pleasure , and seed ?
the thought that he might have finally won back the woman of his dreams and planted his seed in her womb made lucan lose the last thread of his composure .
she could never give him another opportunity to plant a seed in her womb .
yesterday , at bram 's house ... '' when she 'd taken him into her body so he could plant his seed , she 'd declared him the mate of her heart and given him fresh hope for their love .
` ` thank you for the gifts of your love , your seed , and your forever . ''
a long - legged plover wandered through the clearing , picking at the ground for seeds and chirping , a high metallic sound like a small bell struck with a hammer .
i got rid of the seed inside me by paying a visit to the local witch .
i passed the seed in the lake on a clear evening .
i could never put my seed in her and watch it grow , never be a happy , expectant couple .
this was an opportunity to plant a useful seed , one he 'd sown as often as possible over the past days .
he reached out to all of them and extended his thoughts to the plants , the seeds , numbering and sorting them in his thoughts .
they opened in a mute riot , sudden color flushing along the surface of the earth , and within a few seconds more , grass and flowers alike burst into seed .
but that seed has picked a particularly vicious moment to bloom . ''
humanity had planned to spread its seed through the universe like a high councilor 's son at a porttown brothel , but it had been disappointed .
that flesh had acted as the seed for the creation of a made thing - ae euth'eloi - that had participated in the original being 's flow , and woken with ramon 's memory and knowledge .
lewis was pouring out life , like seed , across the mourning graveyard of yellowstone .
i had the sick feeling - and it was probably true - that this was the storm born of seeds i 'd scattered on the coast of florida in my fight with bad bob .
` ` a seed , he calls it .
a month after helen bought her volvo , faye chapin suffered a heart - attack while drafting a preliminary list of seeds for that fall 's runway 3 classic .
' yet seldom do they fail of their seed , ' said legolas .
inside it was filled with a grey dust , soft and fine , in the middle of which was a seed , like a small nut with a silver shale .
he thought the young couple were sowing seeds ! '
keepers could , perhaps , memorize languages and religions , but they could n't create seeds for plants that had long been extinct .
send the seed stock down to the central dominance for planting . ''
the seed stock you have will be useless to you ! ''
` ` the white , puffy things that float high above the fruitful land where the seeds are planted . ''
it seems to me , thick one , that what you really love is no completed creature but the very seed itself : for that is all that is left . ''
he dwells ( all of him dwells ) within the seed of the smallest flower and is not cramped : deep heaven is inside him who is inside the seed and does not distend him .
he dwells ( all of him dwells ) within the seed of the smallest flower and is not cramped : deep heaven is inside him who is inside the seed and does not distend him .
` ` more like spreading seeds , '' varg rumbled .
i 'll fill it in this afternoon and put some more seed down and five hundred years will just zoom past , you wait and see . ''
dried up old seeds went in the ground , fresh young plants sprang up .
one at a time , but somehow faster than a man cutting swathe by swathe ... miss flitworth 's only reading matter was the farmer 's almanac and seed catalogue , which could last a whole year in the privy if no - one was ill .
in addition to sober information about phases of the moon and seed sowings it took a certain grisly relish in recounting the various mass murders , vicious robberies and natural disasters that befell mankind , on the lines of ' june 15 , year of the impromptu stoat : on this day 150 yrs .
well , this one would be handy for carrying seed trays in .
gather the seeds that you find in the fruit around the base of that tree , but do n't taste the fruit or even put the hand that touches the seeds into your mouth !
she could see the seeds amid its trickling juices .
she placed a seed on the floor with the sharp end pointing back in the direction from which she had come .
rosie returned to the three - way junction , stooped to pick up her seed , and laid it at the head of a new path .
if she had to backtrail , she always picked up the last seed so she should suffer no confusion on her way back out .
she reached a five - way junction , looked down , and saw no seed .
suppose there had been a seed ?
she hurried down to it , telling herself not to lose her head if she found no seed there .
she never quite lost that nightmarish floating feeling , nor her fear that she would eventually come to an intersection she had forgotten to mark with a seed , but at every choosing - point the seed was there .
he was terribly afraid she 'd always be inside his head now - it was as if she had somehow raped him , and left him with the fertilized seed of some malformed and freakish child .
she plucked a dozen or so seeds out of the rich pulp and began to sow them in norman daniels 's torn flesh .
where , perchance , the seeds she had planted would take root and grow .
` ` the seeds ! ''
she put up the ring of the toilet seat , knelt down , and plucked the first seed off the cloth .
she plucked the second seed off the cloth and held it in front of her eyes .
she plucked the last seed off the cloth and held it in front of her eyes .
then she went back to the bed , sat on it , and stared at the last seed lying on the stained cotton cloth .
then she looked back at the seed .
never mind the goddam tree , just tell me why in god 's name i ca n't throw this last seed from it away , and be done with it .
queen andais had had a rule that her bodyguards gave their seed to her body , or nobody .
if it could n't get me with child , we did n't waste the seed .
a waste of seed to plant inside me .
` ` but we do n't want to waste any seed .
the warmth that lives down in the rich brown soil , and keeps all the seeds , and all the small creatures safe and warm through the winter .
then it was as if the dog 's body split asunder , like a seed , and something huge , and black , and slicker - furred than dog sprang out of him .
he was wearing his white eye patch with the tiny seed pearls on it .
the queen 's exact orders are not to come before her without your seed upon my body .
that flesh had acted as the seed for the creation of a made thing - ae euth'eloi - that had participated in the original being 's flow .
for a hundred generations in two lines the begetting of this child was prepared ; and unless god should rip up the work of time , such seed , and such an hour , in such a land , shall never be again . ''
for that time shall we not attempt to preserve the seed of the noldor , and of the edain also ?
now was naught left of the seed of beren ermabwed son of egnor save elwing the lovely , and she wandered in the woods , and of the brown elves and the green a few gathered to her , and they departed for ever from the glades of hithlum and got them to the south towards sirion 's deep waters , and the pleasant lands .
before the inwir left valinor belaurin ( palurien ) ~ gave them a seed , and said that it must be guarded , for great tidings would one day come of its growth .
the old books said it was a time to plant seeds in the garden , as well as a time to plant the seeds of desired manifestation . ''
the old books said it was a time to plant seeds in the garden , as well as a time to plant the seeds of desired manifestation . ''
` ` one bad seed ca n't spoil the bunch , otherwise faye would have ruined our circle long ago . ''
after penny jenny died , the other whores took care of them and fed the lad the tale his mother had concocted , about him being fireball 's seed .
then the seeds that yavanna had sown began swiftly to sprout and to burgeon , and there arose a multitude of growing things great and small , mosses and grasses and great ferns , and trees whose tops were crowned with cloud as they were living mountains , but whose feet were wrapped in a green twilight .
there was little peril in the lands and hills ; and there new things , devised long ages before in the thought of yavanna and sown as seed in the dark , came at last to their budding and their bloom .
corn and wine they brought , and they instructed men in the sowing of seed and the grinding of grain , in the hewing of wood and the shaping of stone , and in the ordering of their life , such as it might be in the lands of swift death and little bliss .
for many a year the white tree grew before the king 's house in minas anor , the seed of that tree which isildur brought out of the deeps of the sea from numenor ; and the seed before that came from avallone , and before that from valinor in the day before days when the world was young .
' there 's good soil in that part of the city , ' opined mr cartwright , travelling seed salesman .
` ` and the rest should grow here , if you can find seeds .
and out of that seed there grew up , in one moment , a huge , foolish flower of fancies .
why i must do it , i did not know ; but infinite punishment would fall upon me if i rested a moment from my labour or if , when all was done , a single seed were in the wrong pile .
and so to it : searching , peering , picking up each seed between finger and thumb .
and i thought how the seed of men that might have gone to make hardy boys and fruitful girls was drained into that house , and nothing given back ; and how the silver that men had earned hard and needed was also drained in there , and nothing given back ; and how the girls themselves were devoured and were given nothing back .
and it too came alive , and there in some dark place , cavern or dungeon , when i looked hard into the murk i could see that what was moving in it was psyche - psyche in rags and iron fetters - sorting out the seeds into their proper heaps .
they were all at something of a loss from the new discovery : but besides the handprint the heavy red sand had taken all around the imprint of bare feet , and tharkay had uncovered , too , some remnants of their meal : emptied seed - pods , roasted , and the stems of berries from a bush near - by ; native , and certainly no smugglers would have made such a meal at the risk of poisoning themselves .
up here in the borderlands , so many things were unintentional tinder - dry grass , dry shingles , dry seed .
` ` a man has as much luck as he has seeds in the field , '' his father had always said .
still feeling dazed , renald sent two to gather up the animals , two more to pack what grain and provisions they had left from the winter and the final man off to fetch geleni , who had gone into the village for some new seed , just in case the planting had gone bad on account of their stores .
inside are seeds .
there were three little empty algode bags inside to help with the separation , and thousands of tiny seeds nearly engulfed them .
these ` ` lessons , '' however , had been among egwene 's best chances to sow seeds against elaida .
recently seeds did n't sprout as they should .
the field was spotted with empty patches where seeds had inexplicably refused to take root , and the plants that were growing had a yellowish cast to them .
` ` no , a seed '' .
but it had been trapped with him , inside of a seed carried away , and that death - that wonderful death - had been given fertile ground in the flesh of a man .
blood trailed from his fingers , flayed by the dagger he carried , the wonderful seed , the last bit of his old self .
she 's like a seed , waiting for the sun .
timas sets another couple of devices at the top of the little hill , covering them with loose earth , like someone planting seeds .
my eyes are dry from these dreadful rainless days - from the long walks to sepphoris through the gray fields in which the seeds burn under the dim winter sun because the rains do n't come .
and i saw the deeds , the deeds of my own life , the smallest , most trivial things , i saw them suddenly in their seed and sprout and with their groping branches ; i saw them growing , intertwining with other deeds , and those deeds come to form a thicket and a woodland and a great roving wilderness that dwarfed the world as we hold it on a map , the world as we hold it in our minds .
` ` but i know this and it , s what all people know now , that every particle of life explodes from mutation , from the accidental combining of elements on every level , that accident is the indispensable nuclear power of the universe , that nothing advances without it , without a reckless and random blundering , whether it is seeds ripped from a dying flower by the wind , or pollen carried on the tiny feet of winged insects or blind fish tunneling into caverns of the deep to consume life forms undreamt of by those on the surface of the planet above .
` ` the seeds contain a poison called abrin , '' aphrodite explained .
` ` now that i ' ve seen the last of david 's seed , i ' m even more confident of my people 's success .
it was a tempting thought , more so when he imagined the boy we d to channa leigh , taking her to his bed , planting his seed within her .
` ` you and i are going to do one last sweep of the entire town to make sure april , tavia , and the kids have plenty of supplies , including seeds and equipment for planting , and then we 'll be on our way . ''
only forty - three seeds to go .
she knew the exact number because she had just scraped each poppy seed , one at a time , to the base of her teaspoon .
they saved irinas life and bought seed to sow their fields .
both jamie and robert knew firsthand the grueling , demanding labor involved in the cultivating of tobacco ; the sowing of tiny seeds in late february in seedbeds , then the transplanting of the seedlings in early april , then the continual cleaning of worms and other pests , the weeding , the pruning all throughout the hot summer months .
from then on , he believed that love could grow many different blossoms because the seed was the same in everyone , planted in us at birth by god .
england , 1939 anna was there , too , though she did nt know it , nor did julia : a seed in julias womb coming alive the evening before she boarded the train for rotterdam .
they had blossomed where their seeds fell by chance , dropped by distant birds from faraway places , perhaps , or carried there by the warming winds of spring .
but he had left his seed in martins mother then , and the legacy of honor and duty .
juliet was there in the vegetable garden , squatting down and planting seeds in the narrow furrow she had dug .
hera opened her mouth , she put the seed on her tongue , and she washed it down with the ambrosia .
and that was why she was ill the seed lodged itself in the pit of her stomach and fermented .
the seed began to crack until it split , and it split until her stomach bubbled , and her stomach bubbled until her entire body rolled with spasms .
the winds caught his tiny frame and he tumbled madly through the clouds , like a dandelion seed in a hurricane .
stung , hephaestus shot back , do nt you remember , zeus , how i was born from my mothers seed alone ?
athena snarled , well then , if you do nt want to help us , then give me a seed .
what kind of seed ?
she produced from the pouch one olive tree seed , which athena snatched from her .
she stuck the seed under her tongue , careful not to swallow it .
she remembered and spat out the seed she had been carrying in her mouth .
she could nt see it in the darkness , but she could feel the seed in the palm of her hand , slimy with spit .
she took out the seed and pushed it into one of the many cracks that formed from the hole .
before athena could even stand up and step backwards , the seed had already cracked and begun to grow .
she ran her fingers across the bark , not understanding how a seed watered with her spit could grow into such a massive and sprawling olive tree .
bones are symbolic of the soul 's seed . ''
the nature of dreams is such that they 're sometimes no more than memories of the day 's activities , but these remnants can be directed to become the seed wherefrom asklepios ' presence blossoms .
she confirmed what perseus ' mother had said concerning the god 's seed , that it was like the warm flow of liquid gold .
` ` o great goddess demeter , bringer of seasons , she who causes seed to sprout from fertile fields so the whole of broad earth teems with leaves and flowers , she whose holy rites bless those who have seen them , terrorize these barbarians , send your maelstrom of malevolent ecstasy , bring holy horror upon those who defiled your temple at eleusis , punish '' in the midst of her prayer , auroriana came up behind her , using myrrhine as her own human shield .
women but incubate men 's live seed .
so very noisy and does make such a mess scattering his seed and grit everywhere .
do not make me the seed of zeus , i have enough assurance already .
for all that , the seed was sown .
alava was preoccupied with grinding various seeds and herbs in a mortar .
their message is carried in the rustle of their leaves and in their seed pods and pollen drifting on the breeze .
all that was needed was a mans seed .
` ` and it says the conch woman 's love cleft , what the hindus call her yoni , is always moist with kama salila , the woman 's love seed .
the dharma of the seed is to bear fruit .
that they are not the first seed is because of special circumstances ill get to in a moment .
now we come to the number one seed , the team of billy compton and one conor o'reilly who is said to be a member of the redlands country club .
until gordian planted the seed there .
and now that we have returned to pemberley from the london house , i love to walk in the hushed stillness of the woods here , and watch the way the mother birds push their chicks from the nest when they are ready to fly , and see the morning dew glinting on the spiders webs and try to capture in crayon and paper the way the cat - tail reeds by the lake look when they have gone to downy seed .
well , kill himself he must , that grew from seed to certainty in a single breath .
our children are a part of us , the guarantors of our immortality , the seeds we leave in this world .
is she fit for bearing our seed ?
throwing it away in the seed that s supposed to be life .
every male seed hears it : revenge is redemption !
here , they re mostly germans and scandinavians with a splash of scotch - irish , who are born , live and die behind the plow : horse drawn , mule drawn , tractor drawn , all dropping their seeds and reaping their harvest of body and soul .
a mere carrier of dying seed , a seed that only lives as she so haughtily selects just one , a single servant , a slave to her passion for life , to impregnate her .
a mere carrier of dying seed , a seed that only lives as she so haughtily selects just one , a single servant , a slave to her passion for life , to impregnate her .
the men who would help them each brought their own mules , so four mules pulled four wagons of belongings , farm tools , seed , and food to the new farm .
andrew wanted very much to show her that , even though it was the bad apple that left his seed , she came from very good people .
sarah was a firm believer in you reap what you sow , and gert loefler had sown only bitter seeds all her days .
hixson sat down with pencil and paper to plan out the spring planting , and estimate how much seed he would have to buy .
donahoe planted the seeds that he hoped would sprout into thick tangles of doubt .
he knew the red fox squirrel sixty feet up had been ripping through pine cones for seeds almost an hour so would move soon while hearing a sage grouse behind to his right scuffle in the underbrush for a meal .
jabbing it with his thumb , he burst it open , revealing glistening seeds .
a farmer whipped them on the rumps so they d trample seed into the bare ground in a vain attempt to grow a second crop .
he was selecting the strongest seeds for planting , said brother martin .
the bible is full of seeds .
jeans brother offered a bag of seed from glen buckie and they grew well .
lila had compared it to one person being the sower and another bringing the seed , but even the birds gathered for themselves .
what seed when planted in earth bears fruit nevermore ?
will began working in the fields , and wade was with him through every step , plowing the fields , planting the seed , and harvesting the cotton .
after the seed was sown and covered meticulously by hand , prayer for rain began as they hauled water to the fields , deliberately saturating every inch of land .
chapter 8 the new planting season was almost like a new beginning , turning the earth , readying it for a small seed that would take root and begin a new life , and that was exactly how he felt he had turned his life around .
of course the investment would be large , and although the cotton prices had risen slightly , their harvest would yield less because of wades absence , and the lack of seed planted .
rhett held his tongue firmly against his cheek , for although he knew wade would never admit this bit of information , he knew he had to plant the seed , urging wade to examine his motives .
ammon has told him that indeed you are of his seed .
he loved his work here , but he had planted the seeds and nourished the beginnings of this museum .
he liked to be ready by the end of the month or the first of may to begin putting seed in the ground .
his pa always wanted his seed in the ground by the first or second week in may at the latest .
its like anything else , you always have your good and bad seed .
the problem is that one bad seed can ruin a whole barrel .
they appear from seeds residing in ones karma from previous lifetimes that is stored in the eighth consciousness - just like the ruined supplies in the bakers storage room .
when you plant a seed in the ground , it germinates .
you ca nt get the seed once it is converted into a beautiful plant .
the seed , water , air , light and soil all together change shape and become a plant .
imagine a seed is planted .
the seed , water , air , light and the earth all change their shape and become a plant .
those thousands of seeds he and you collected and planted that summer .
it also described techniques for crossing one plant with another , blossom anatomy , and , after pollination , how to collect the seeds ; all topics which were to be critical in mendel 's own work .
all the characters that were investigated [ see footnote ] in these experiments ; the angular wrinkled form of the seed , the green color of the albumen , the white color of the seed - coats ... '' he went on to list all the various pea characteristics that he had investigated , concluding , ` ` ... and the dwarfed stem , all reappear in the numerical proportion i have given here , without any essential alteration . ''
all the characters that were investigated [ see footnote ] in these experiments ; the angular wrinkled form of the seed , the green color of the albumen , the white color of the seed - coats ... '' he went on to list all the various pea characteristics that he had investigated , concluding , ` ` ... and the dwarfed stem , all reappear in the numerical proportion i have given here , without any essential alteration . ''
` ` brother gregory , did i hear you correctly when you said that it was not important where and when the seed pods developed on your plants ?
do all the pods and all the seeds behave the same ? ''
` ` but is it not true that the order in which the pods form on your plants has an important role to play in the manner in which the seeds form ? ''
as if speaking from a long way away , mendel replied , ` ` in some few plants only a few seeds developed in the first formed pods , and these possessed exclusively one of the two characters , but in the subsequently developed pods the normal proportions were maintained nevertheless . ''
` ` you reported extremes in the distribution of the two seed characters in one plant . ''
he smiled , and went on , ` ` in experiment number one you said you found an instance of 43 round and only 2 angular , and another of 14 round and 15 angular seeds .
` ` and in experiment number two there was , not only a case of 32 yellow and only 1 green seed , but also one of 20 yellow and 19 green , was there not ? ''
` ` and how easy was it to determine the exact color of the seeds ?
` ` very true , brother timothy , '' said mendel , ` ` in counting the seeds especially in experiment number two , some care was required .
in some of the seeds of many plants the green color of the albumen is less developed , and at first may be easily overlooked . ''
it is almost superfluous to mention that the pods must remain on the plants until they are thoroughly ripened and have become dried , since it is only then that the shape and color of the seed are fully developed . ''
he probably guessed that the ' element ' for seed color came in ( at least ) two forms ; yellow and green , or flower color ; white and purple .
note : mendel called the egg donors ` ` seed bearers '' .
then he waited for the pea pods to grow so he could collect the seeds , store them over the winter , plant them the next spring , and wait for the results .
female gametes go through an elaborate development in which triploid material is formed which will eventually nourish the seed .
after fertilization the seeds start to develop inside the flower , which usually withers away .
after fertilization these become the typical peas seeds .
the genetic material carried by the gametes fuses and the seed starts to develop .
this depends on the way their seeds look when dried .
from the time his seeds were sown in the monastery soil , until the plants were ready to be harvested depended on the kind on plant .
place your seeds at about 2 inch intervals along the trench and then rake good soil over the top .
in cool climates cover with mulch until the seeds start to germinate .
one plant had purple flowers and the other plant had white flowers ) all the plants that grew from these seeds ( the f1 or first filial , generation ) showed a single characteristic ( purple flowers in this case ) .
these were ; flower color : purple - white seed color : yellow - green seed shape : round - wrinkled pod color : green - yellow pod shape : round - constricted flower position : axial - top plant height : tall - dwarf after these plants had grown to maturity mendel allowed them to self - pollinate and once again collected the seeds , which he planted the next spring and grew into the f2 or second filial generation .
these were ; flower color : purple - white seed color : yellow - green seed shape : round - wrinkled pod color : green - yellow pod shape : round - constricted flower position : axial - top plant height : tall - dwarf after these plants had grown to maturity mendel allowed them to self - pollinate and once again collected the seeds , which he planted the next spring and grew into the f2 or second filial generation .
these were ; flower color : purple - white seed color : yellow - green seed shape : round - wrinkled pod color : green - yellow pod shape : round - constricted flower position : axial - top plant height : tall - dwarf after these plants had grown to maturity mendel allowed them to self - pollinate and once again collected the seeds , which he planted the next spring and grew into the f2 or second filial generation .
when he counted up the f2 plants he found that ; trait - dominant form to recessive form - -ratio- flower color - 705 to 224 - - 3.15 : 1 seed color - 6022 to 2001 - - 3.01 : 1 seed shape - 5474 to 1850 - - 2.96 : 1 pod color - 428 to 152 - - 2.82 : 1 pod shape - 882 to 299 - - 2.95 : 1 flower position - 651 to 207 - - 3.14 : 1 plant height - 787 to 227 - - 2.84 : 1 no matter what the actual raw numbers he counted , when he divided the number of dominant forms by the number recessive forms , the ratio always came out very close to 3 : 1 .
when he counted up the f2 plants he found that ; trait - dominant form to recessive form - -ratio- flower color - 705 to 224 - - 3.15 : 1 seed color - 6022 to 2001 - - 3.01 : 1 seed shape - 5474 to 1850 - - 2.96 : 1 pod color - 428 to 152 - - 2.82 : 1 pod shape - 882 to 299 - - 2.95 : 1 flower position - 651 to 207 - - 3.14 : 1 plant height - 787 to 227 - - 2.84 : 1 no matter what the actual raw numbers he counted , when he divided the number of dominant forms by the number recessive forms , the ratio always came out very close to 3 : 1 .
mendel actually gives an example ( which i have put into the mouth of brother timothy ) where 32 yellow seeds were reported and only 1 green seed ; a ratio of 32 : 1 , not anywhere near 3:1 !
mendel actually gives an example ( which i have put into the mouth of brother timothy ) where 32 yellow seeds were reported and only 1 green seed ; a ratio of 32 : 1 , not anywhere near 3:1 !
the seed was sown when they faced kainars army on the field of origun .
swanny , i d never have believed i d seed you again after leaving you at that discharge mans tent back yonder in mary land .
finest one is has ever seed too .
you can come , but we must find enough gold and get back to scarlett to buy seed and planting supplies before spring planting in march or april .
little corn and beans were yielded in the previous year , so there was little seed to begin this year .
they had planted what seed they had but little hope was held for the crops to bear ample food .
besides , we have word from our scouts that the land is lush and fertile and waiting to be sewn with the seeds of the nashitosh once again .
most of the other farmers in the area probably had some of their seed in the ground already .
` ` after the down payment you 'll still have eleven hundred dollars left for seed , supplies , and maybe even some lumber .
jason finished plowing the garden patch saturday afternoon , and arethia and i need to get some seed in the ground before the next good rain . ''
my seed take ahold again so quick ?
cmon , maybe i can catch another pumpkin seed for you .
the sooner we get home , the sooner i can catch that pumpkin seed for you .
i hear you ve been planting your seeds somewhere besides my old farmland .
hell hightail it back to london tonight , to plant the seeds of our destruction .
soldiers came in two types , master thought ; the ones that went to seed , drank too much , sank into squalor without a co to shout them into shape , and the ones who lived their lives as if they were still on campaign , everything in their lives precise and ordered .
the taste came slowly , as the paste dissolved in his saliva , separating into a thin syrup and the hard seed that remained .
he dreamed of sunlight , of fullness ; wondered if he 'd ever again have a day when he could just lie on his back on a warm boulder and watch the clouds sail across blue sky , or clouds of linnets on thistles gone to seed .
all the things rome was , and would be , unless they leavened it with etruscan lightness quickened it with etruscan seed .
that confidence began to grow in him like a seed blindly seeking out the light ; he could feel it working , something new to him .
of the foxglove , the root , the seed and the leaf . ''
she told them how his increasing depradations were impoverishing his people - ancient families ' golden inheritances snatched to pay for more weapons , all the young men taken into the army , and no one left to work the land but the toothless old ones and the youngest women , and the children , and - she smiled at arnza - what use were they , really , except for scaring the birds off the sown seed or the ripening fruit ?
well , i m home now , and this ground will grow foodif we can get seed .
ah seed dis kine befo in missoura .
and , for this cause , has the lord raised him up ; that the promises made to the fathers might be fulfilled , even that the anointing of the progenitor shall be upon the head of my son , and his seed after him , from generation to generation .
i ai nt never seed a wuss stomach wound than hisn , an i ve seed a few .
the kingdom is organized ; and although as yet no bigger than a grain of mustard seed , the little plant is in a flourishing condition and our prospects brighter than ever .
chapter 64 it was mid - april 1887 and rose had just planted her first seeds .
you can not be talking about the whore you imagined you planted your seed in ?
this day had been chosen for the wedding because it was the most auspicious time for a successful consummation , and leopolds physicians assured him it was the perfect time for his seed to take root .
that seed grew into a rampant fascination with all things supernatural .
the slope on which the city is built is irregularly terraced in ancient se asian style as many staircases as streets thread their way up and down , laid out seemingly at random , following land contours rather than grid logic , adding to the architectural complexity of the layer of waterways with a maze of vine encrusted overpasses , arched bridges , spiraling ramps , crooked alleyways , cracked hidden steps debouching on broad esplanades , avenues , parks gone to seed , pavilions , balconies , apartments , jungle choked palazzos , echoing gloomy temples whose divinities , if any , seem to have left no forwarding address ... all empty , all utterly abandoned .
for the demon seed !
the demon seed .
` ` your seed ? ''
` ` our seed , ann .
the majority of people view rodents and their kin as nothing more than vermin , mainly due to their habit of eating the grains and seed that we also eat .
the role of the rodent is also important because it acts as a mechanism for seed dispersal .
some seeds actually need to have their tough outer shell be partially digested in order to sprout .
to him , this man sounded like a megalomaniacal opportunist sowing the seeds of world destruction .
they grow money , take it from seed and bring it to fruition .
and that s when the first seeds were sewn for whitespace .
near the back looked to be a feed and seed center , no doubt for the local farmers .
the council of sages , recognizing the visitor , offered a gourd of fermented sap from a haunted tree unlike the others , which had grown from a seed dropt down by someone on the moon ; and as carter drank it ceremoniously a very strange colloquy began .
you have abused me your whole life raping me and giving me your terrible , corrupt seed !
the words are merely vessels through which the seeds can become all they can be .
' my seed shall grow upon this land . '
the seed germinated , yes , but there were latter .
chapter 9 a dark seed grows drifting .
a dark seed had already sprouted from where it lay , deep within the seventh world , and now it grew , spreading its roots throughout the land , enveloping entire cities beneath its limbs .
you / he / she had had the whole time to steal him some blood while it was curing him / it , and its seed had given him for you of his spontaneous wish when you / they had made sex the first time in its bed of the convalescence .
nothing in contrary to the fertilization eterologa but the routine adopted for the blessed virgin it did n't seem me that best to send in the world my beloved ; and rather than to trouble the holy spirit , resorts to the spirit , pure and simple : turbid , lubricating , intoxicating liquid that already enriched of myself her prolific harvest of seeds of the viking one .
the seed had been thrown .
he / she anchors today , our instinct drives us to the dispersion of the seeds , in the hope that at least one among our heirs can survive in a world in which the new raiders wear the same furs of those old solo because so you / they have tidied up her for them dessert and gabbana .
they were waves of seed that flowed to the point of the member going up again along the ducts .
orgasms in unison , brooks of life , shed genetic traces , genocide of seeds .
with an unworthy bark you / he / she was freed some seed .
there was not so much seed , as if the assassin him pits already emptied before brutalizing her / it .
stained as the shirt , as if shortly after i squirt him / it someone you / he / she had supported her on the damp seed .
you would have liked to shoot her your astute seed in throat ?
there was some seed , in that eppendorf ache preserved that sciorinando went in front of his nose .
that seed did n't originate from the party .
and the suggestions appeared on the surface with the same coldness with which the seeds sank .
you has had available the seed of angel and the ovulo of his / her sister helen .
i peel away from the tension - filled confinement of the cab , riding an impossible curve up and out until i m directly above and in front of the speeding truck , my presence still as ethereal as a dandelion seed in a hurricane .
their fertilized seeds can only be opened by the heat of a forest fire .
an ant crossed an inch from his left eye carrying the shell of a sunflower seed .
` ` that girl is such a bad seed here .
next to the house , a battered old radio played while sebastian talked planting , tools , and seeds with the old nutter .
17 the broom was mostly out of bloom now , the seed pods hanging heavy on the branches , ready to germinate for next years crop of hateful plants .
because kathy had chosen to accept , actually beg for , gol 's seed inside her , a decision made under extreme influence from the spiritual charisma of gol exercised upon her against her natural will , the seed was a viable existence in the human plane .
because kathy had chosen to accept , actually beg for , gol 's seed inside her , a decision made under extreme influence from the spiritual charisma of gol exercised upon her against her natural will , the seed was a viable existence in the human plane .
to abort the seed was murder under the creator of life 's rules .
impregnating her against her natural will was not against the rules , but killing the seed created by that rape was .
the seed .
but you are not the seed , do nt be led astray .
you are not the seed .
he came to the vessel , then the rough sketch of the seed .
kat 's foul seed took root , sprouting into her brilliant idea .
two weeks prior i had painstakingly prepared a small plot of soil in our back yard to receive these magical seeds , i carefully followed the instructions and , sure enough , within the next week or so i could see the sprouting of a most unusual type of plant .
patrick felt that such a seed must not be allowed to blossom .
jasons jeans , while they had protected his legs from scrapes and cuts , were soaked through with sweat and coated with an assortment of seeds , burrs and thorns .
i ve planted the seed , he thought .
the seed heads were beginning to turn brown on yellowing stalks .
by first light , finally satiated , he slept the sleep of the dead , the seed of his progeny safely installed within the womb of the female in his arms .
he told me he was only going to plant enough seed to cover overhead this year .
but the seed was planted .
there was no doubt the seed had been planted by jamess story but skate did nt believe that was the whole ball of wax .
from her kitchen window she could see the neighborhood going to seed .
he gently touches the seed pouch of his favorite flower , and the realization that the time has come hits him with unimaginable force .
belief had been within lily like a seed that did nt have time to grow .
i looked closer and saw that the seed pods from about half of the few remaining roses had shreds of torn petals stuck to them .
i kicked at the stuff on the ground , stabbed my toe at a cluster of dried weeds , their roots still firmly clinging to the soil , but no sign of life in the brown , crunchy stalks and seed pods above ground .
she was a bad seed , and she got him mixed up with that drug dealer .
true , i have enough seeds to grow a whole forest of pot .
the seed stuck there , cemented by spit .
` ` without any seeds ?
seth could n't explainnobody couldhow he had grown vegetables in the clearing without seeds .
most believed that sar had somehow smuggled in seeds .
richard climaxed inside her , filling her with warm seed .
like he 'd use his own fine toothed comb to get all the seeds out of his load .
it resealed itself almost instantly with the power of her faith , but not before the evil one could sneak in and plant two fiendish seeds within her . ''
` ` what were the two seeds that he planted in my lorinda .
the second seed was of a more insidious and diabolic nature .
` ` i was n't entirely sure i planted the seed , but it seems i did . ''
` ` he goes across on their breath , like a seed on a gust of wind . ''
beside them , duddits has found a last few gone - to - seed dandelions on the neighbors ' lawn and is down on his belly , blowing the fluff off them and watching it float away on the breeze .
went to seed ?
still , it would behoove him not to forget jonesy ... jonesy with his somehow exciting suggestion that mr gray forgo the imperative - the need to seed - and simply enjoy life on earth .
like the fluff in milkweed pods , or dandelions gone to seed .
because an idea is like a seed ; it needs good soil to grow into a nice big book .
' like spitting out a watermelon seed . '
` ` it 's like the legion of white decency was just another seed , mikey , and it found some earth that nourished it well here .
they raided together like seeds in a hollow gourd .
the ole belcher really had gone to seed .
for a moment paul thought it was more blood from her torn lip and then he saw the seeds in it .
if not , how had the gardener entered to sow the seeds in the first place ?
yet the seed had been planted .
domino said , ` ` my queen , if by my flesh or my seed i can feed you , then feed . ''
her delicate foot stepped into the light , and tiny seed pearls caught the light , with bits of shiny black jet embroidered between them .
when certain seeds are planted , they nearly always grow .
as a member of the grange , his problems buying good seed would end .
but all was dark there , dark like her skin , dark like the fallow earth that waits for the good seed .
nadine sat docilely beside him on the seat , a big doll with a seed hidden carefully in its belly .
what does it profit a man - for it says in the book of good farming that a man shall not bring the get of his seed to any place of sacrifice , for what - what does it profit - that man shall be damned , and damned , and damned - a man to gain the whole world , if he should lose his own son ?
he stood beneath it , bathed in its warmth and clear sense of well - meant force ; he stood in a dream , feeling that force flow into him like the clear spring rain which awakens the hidden power in a billion tiny seeds .
i could feel the other 's power like a seed in my back .
that seed had let him inside me over and over since the movies last night .
i wanted that seed gone .
' i consider this town sanctified , ' colson told his audience , gripping the sides of his pulpit with his big hands c he might have considered it sanctified for some reason other than the fact that his honored self had chosen it in which to spread his tent ( not to mention his seed ) , but if so , he did n't say so .
' i ai n't seed hide nor hair of joe since last thursday or so , charity .
* * * the best way to keep from being superstitious is to carry a mustard seed in your right rear pocket .
igod , when it came spring , he planted some of them 3 to 4 count seeds and watched them grow .
then the juice dries , leaving the seed glued to the paper forever .
the preacher took the soiled and worn ball cap displaying the emblem of his seed grain provider off his head and laid it on the seat between us .
soon the remaining farmers in the area would no longer be able to buy their seed or sell and store their crops locally or drive into town and chat with the local co - op manager about the weather and local grain prices .
the little bees would take turns at hiding the apple seed then the other would have to find it .
then the head swelled , turning yellow like a particularly virulent zit , the gland next opening in mimicry of a flower ; slow motion , the violent release of seed a measured explosion , darts of semen jetting in every direction like pieces of shell from the mouth of a choking octopus , armoured pods of a life potential the member wilted .
juliana professed undying love for him and a real hunger for his seed , which he gave in abundance , aged thirty and a virgin , finding the time right to procreate , the woman healthy and the night air clean , which he believed important insofar as the begetting of an heir was concerned .
i speculated that a man who was the recipient of a lover of the year award also might want to plant his seed as many times as possible , in as many women as possible , hence the lack of male birth control .
mitch was often over at her cottage at the edge of town to admire and talk about her garden , and the two frequently exchanged seeds and plants .
barnaby and st . nick exchanged knowing glances of the seed of the creeping bellow .
his seed that had succeeded .
the vein itself tore , and he and his fellow travellers were sown like so many water - borne seeds from the flailing hosepipe of the fill , ejected with blinding force into a rush hour heavy with whales and porpoises .
most of his predictions barely achieve seed status .
there 's plenty more seeds in the pod . ''
constable kipper is middle - aged , going to seed , one hundred kg , with a brick - red face under a thatch of nut - brown hair .
thin , tall , and in his late sixties , he kept his hair in a huge , gravity defying , snow white afro , which , from afar , made him look like a dandelion gone to seed .
i understand your position , but the reality is the local music scene dies and these are the locations where the seeds that become the next big stars sprout , american idol notwithstanding .
thoughts branch and grow , they split and seed , they form the basis for each other .
the previous few weeks had seen a petrol bomb thrown out the window ( by levin mccochall ) , the invention and one - off consumption of irish tea ( whiskey and dope ) , a book scam perpetrated by the infamous willy stroker , the casual sowing of cannabis seeds in a plant pot outside the front door , hamish voluntary departure from the university , the sustained consumption of cannabis over several weeks , a spontaneous journey to an unknown forest on the outskirts of belfast , a three - day military coup against the democratically elected leader of venezuela , smoking of marijuana grass in home - made bongs , the invasion of gaza and the west bank by israeli troops , multiple viewings of the film airplane by james hendry and others , the writing of essays and untimely handing in of coursework , making dope yoghurt , drinking of michlobb beer , eating cannabis resin to excess , eating esperantos kebabs , attempts to buy special wraps from esperantos , the discovery of the link between quantum uncertainty and event horizons at the micro and macro physical levels , listening to shee - ha - ha music in the livingroom , non - stop smoking and breathing and eating of cannabis resin , watching of rodge and podge , the receipt of a student loan cheque , the purchase of cannabis from a drug dealer , complaints about the quality of said cannabis , confused thinking , pleasurable insights of extraordinary magnitude , the alteration of social norms in a peripherally isolated community , the accumulation of dishes and filth , the playing of pink floyd , of velvet underground , of nirvana , of muddy waters , of radio radio , radio radio radio failt radio radio radio radio radio radio failt .
when the desktop was loaded he opened a new document in appleworks and typed : does the seed planted always determine the tree that grows ?
i was just another seed pod on the way .
that grass seed releases something that puts you to sleep when burnt .
that grass - seed from the meadow tends to spread out a bit , i ' ve noticed .
having left him high and dry with all the bills and a deflated ego , steroids previous girlfriend had run off with someone who could do the deed and sow the seed ; a real bash to his self esteem .
his father had pointed them out to him many a time , showing him the difference in the shape of the leaves , the texture of the bark , the variety of seed pods and the like , but he had never been very good at that sort of thing .
she swished the water as she shouted , skimming her palms across the top ; making sprays of it like sewing grass seed .
sowing the seeds of love , seeds of lovesowing the seeds .
sowing the seeds of love , seeds of lovesowing the seeds .
whilst dave had picked something which said love and a song which appeared a damn sight safer than i wan na sex you up , his vision of an analogy of farmers spreading the good word of love through song , was different to the girls who thought that dave was admitting that every night he gets into bed and dreams of sowing his seed .
she picked up a small envelope that resembled a seed packet , opened it and gently shook until several coarse dark seeds fell into her waiting palm .
helping wild bill black disperse his flatland clients onto elevated platforms in river and field edge cottonwood trees on cold pre - dawn mornings planted the initial seed .
now he 's reaping the seeds he has sown .
and he found settled , as a seed in a crack in the earth , and the idea of escaping to better place , of being better than he thought he could be .
10.00 p.m. well , its happened somehow i ve managed to pass on my miserable seed to a woman who s kept it rather than rejected it , along with me , which is usually the case .
i just wondered if taking the train would be the better option , all things considered , assuming there 's no strike on , and , if so , whether i should plant the seed or leave the whole finagling to you ?
maybe at 12 years of age you knew girls liked bad boys and you were already smoking cigarettes , even though it was hard to buy them at that age ; you would smoke butts you found in parks and public ashtrays just to plant future possible pussy seeds .
option 4 : convince her to get rid of the devil seed that you two have created in this dirty little lab she calls her vagina .
she may try to get pregnant with your seed and pop out an aids baby .
this email address that is just for you will probably only be used by ( 1 ) stalkers , ( 2 ) women who want your seed inserted near their cervixes , and ( 3 ) people who want to undercut your actual price by avoiding dealings with your agent .
but just three days later , with huge bags of seed in the barn and catalogs cluttering his desk , he was tired of it .
he tore off the paper and found the contents to be mostly padding with just one small seed packet in the middle .
the packet read : century plant : these iron - hard seeds sprout at their own schedule , waiting centuries if need be for the right conditions , suddenly thriving and producing vivid orange blossoms like the fire that consumes the phoenix , and disappearing just as quickly .
on intermittent stakes he had tacked the seed packets of the vegetables and flowers he had planted .
then he dug a small hole for the seed and dropped it in the ground .
and so the seed was sown .
and that is the way the initial seed is sown in a trainee blokes head .
and then the original seed gets reinforced a bit further .
then , another time , the re - inforced seed gets even further re - inforced .
although i did not know it at the time , there was a seed in the vase .
the contents of the vase were mostly dust and dirt that had accumulated for years , but buried within the dirt was this curious seed .
i turned it upside down and the seed fell out .
the seed was round , brown and about the size of a grape and covered in tiny spikes .
after removing the dirt , i dropped the seed back in the vase .
yes , it 's silly , but that 's the reason for my returning the seed to the vase .
when i turned the vase upside down that seed fell out , but it was no longer a simple brown sphere .
once a goal , or a material object was identified by visualization , all one had to do then was plant the thought seed in the universal garden , so to speak , and just wait for it to grow .
theodore used quotes from the secret often to make his point , but whenever he spoke about thought seeds , he liked to use a quote by cynthia occelli : for a seed to achieve its greatest expression , it must completely come undone .
i caught myself putting bad thought seeds into the universal garden .
i was sure that i saw my thought seed in bloom , standing in the car park .
it was the reward of planting thought seeds and having them flourish and bloom before my very eyes .
i turned and went to leave the bar , singing as i did : we plough the fields and scatter the good seed on the ground .
the seeds had been sewn , and it was of no use digging them up before the green shoots of growth had begun to appear .
so to put my family out of my mind , i began to sew more powerful thought seeds .
i had no idea where to plant new thought - seeds , as the power i had imagined had come my way , but now i could not see a way to go forward - there was no forward in the road i was going down - only a dead end .
i could only now imagine opening the secret randomly for an answer to my predicament , and i knew all too well that just a couple of thought seeds remained to me ; but where on earth was i going to plant them now ?
for those of you interested in trying photosynthesis , be sure to keep your feet in a moist , nutrient - rich compost , and spread your arms over good , acid - free soil so your seeds have a place to germinate when they drop .
tau muon ion was the plant and that suggested her mother , photon and/or her father , boson represent the seed that grew into this plant .
the company fedex 's the seeds and the robots plant them . ''
i ' m johnny rutabaga seed .
i spend my days tramping through wales , sowing rutabaga seeds . ''
` ` but those are seeds , '' said neville .
said johnny rutabaga seed .
` ` that 's not very practical , '' said johnny rutabaga seed , who had been lost in thought until this moment .
` ` i ' m interested in data banks , you know , because i like to keep a record of where i ' ve planted my rutabaga seeds .
yelled johnny rutabaga seed .
the first raptor made a leap , but sweet gas threw johnny rutabaga seed 's wheelbarrow at him .
` ` i would n't know ; i only eat rutabagas , '' said johnny rutabaga seed .
` ` care for some seeds ? '
` ` that 's a pejorative term , '' said johnny rutabaga seed .
` ` i think we should paper over our differences and concentrate on the task at hand , '' said johnny rutabaga seed .
` ` i always wondered about chaps who went around planting seeds , '' said neville .
` ` and i 'd make people plant one rutabaga seed for every rutabaga they dug up . ''
` ` i do n't like long voyages , '' said johnny rutabaga seed .
` ` i do n't have enough seeds . ''
i was planting seeds , i wiped my hand across my forehead and when i woke up the skin on my face was tight , so i put more on .
with lin right behind , dean squeezed free of the packed women like a melon seed and ran to the street .
sometimes they put fertilizer in with the seed and bury it again . ''
i can see their ghosts hovering like misty seed pods in the polluted air . ''
you dig holes in the ground and dump in a lot of seeds .
said johnny rutabaga seed , looking anxiously up at the ceiling .
he said , feeling higher than a dandelion seed riding a brisk breeze .
dead seed .
in the action of strengthening the pope 's individual hand were sown the seeds of its destruction .
petrification of the human nation gargoyles feed and speed from seed he pointed behind them , in the jardin du carrousel , to draw illogical womans attention to the four horsemen of the apocalypse , who stood guard on top of smallest arc , the arc du carrousel .
seems your old manleon , that drunk bastardlost track of his seed after a wank - session not too long before .
cross breeding of plants became such a skill by those that discovered it they could grow an entire housing estate from one seed .
this string was like a westminster dogshow winner lifting its leg on the podium , or a centerfold minus the airbrush , or mario crashing his kart when the checkered flag flew , or a seed in a well - packed pipe .
i think about the spores of culture blowing across the globe , dropping seed and taking root in the most improbable of places mansard roofs and rubber trees , fluted columns on dog houses , pidgin english spoken through palladian windows , korean karaoke in tapas bars in boston .
culture all gone to seed and happily so , blowing in the wind , freed of its weight , giddy in its display , snubbing the problematic .
he thinks you throw the seeds down , cover them up , and then roll the joint .
this is the seed i m seeking , the truth i m trying in my clumsy way to impart .
ca nt seem to make her mine should have been huge for the seeds , yet it only charted , barely .
tennessee planted that seed , man .
what s that word for a plant that explodes outward , sends its seeds outdehiscence .
i mean , plant a seed , watch it grow , you know , that whole lennon / ono message .
but exactly that financial ratio underlay the stress - inducing dynamic of the relationship between the two countries ; the one rising power on the one hand and the other gently - going - to - seed former imperial power on the other .
the yard , your garden spots , are all going to seed and over - running everything .
he reached a plateau , the stream widening above a shallow fall , and lingered a while before again pushing west , the new sun at his back , tormented in his soul , wondering how many times that sun would overtake him , quenching itself in the distant ocean , its mistress 's loins a destination they had in common , the sun to seed , the assassin to rob of its blossoming .
a storm brewed , its seed the fallen star , that floating messenger .
the black sand and desolation had been covered , populated by all manner of seeds , its poisons tamed or blown away .
a celebration of life , rich and varied , colourful and aromatic , was inaugurated by the rise in temperature , the sweetening of rain , the spreading of seed and pollen on wind and wing .
it was as if all that was required of him had already been accomplished in providing the seed that led to the boys births .
when spring came and the elders left seeds and tools at her door , another hint that she was expected to continue fending for herself , she set to work to clear a garden .
here he was , having reached a ripe old age by the merest of chances , sound of body and mind , with a loving and beloved wife , three children , and five grandchildren to carry on his seed , and he 'd witnessed and played a part in the murder of the airmen whom , surrendering , he 'd seen blown to bits , and in the death of the kamikaze pilot who , trying to kill him , had been obliterated by a five - inch shell .
still living in you , my seed will perish there .
never have i regained a mustard seed of any faith .
but the planter has a front end disc that cuts the stalks before the seeds are released .
though now i believe they have gps , that s global positioning system , she explained , whereby they can set an exact path for the planter to go , and even pinpoint where each seed is to be dropped .
came back from the mill with the corn seedhybrid seed it was , not even open pollinatedthinking i was rational and all set to go .
came in and ran off to work , stackin the seeds up in the barn .
you can help plant the seeds .
myron picked up the seed packets and handed them to becky .
blake , auguries of innocence # # * * * * * table of contents part i : charlie her last day at home she becomes a christian the buried life part ii : jeremy lost and found he goes his own way the answer to his question part iii : convergence the duty of christian women the best christmas ever planting a seed finding home the kitten the opened door part iv : finale love is best a note about the writer part i charlie i went to the garden of love , and saw what i never had seen ; a chapel was built in the midst , where i used to play on the green .
planting a seed in their apartment near regent street in madison , wisconsin , jeremy lawrence and drew jensen were both quietly studying as they waited for chad kubek , the third roommate , to get home .
finally after jumping up and sitting back down a few times the niece was certain the sound came from inside the stone and the stonecutter who had brought his ax for protection split the stone in two and they found inside a large heart shaped seed , as red as blood .
he cried then and his tears fell on the heart shaped seed and it throbbed as if about to burst into flower .
he took the seed home and planted it in a pot on a sill in the sun and watered it carefully every day and spoke to it as if this were indeed his wife and the seed sprouted into a lovely flower and every morning and every evening the stone cutter greeted the flower and talked about the weather and the beauty of the world .
violence , a potent seed that blooms into grotesque distorted flowers .
outside bullets rained , burying themselves deep like seeds of aggression in the too yielding soil , fuelling the sea with spurts of vengeance and anger .
this was before then but when i look now i see that the seeds were already there taking root .
he had provided seed money for an ira for each of them .
you imagine that you plant the seed of a lotus inside yourself , in the regions of the solar plexus .
and this small seed grows due to the power of love generated by your positive thoughts .
in the beginning , you imagine that a seed starts growing , and a small stalk appears .
i could nt wait to get home and plant my small seed .
first , i did nt know what the lotus seed looked like .
i saw how seeds sprouted in the soil .
then i repeated endearing words internally , nursing my small seed .
i read even more stunning information about its seeds : lotus seeds possess the extraordinary ability to retain their germinating power a few hundred ( and sometimes even a few thousand ) years .
kostya imagined that he planted a lotus seed , as he said , into some kind of a live substance of the universe .
recall at least the words of jesus , who said , if you have faith the size of a mustard seed , you will say to this mountain , move from here to there , and it will move ; and nothing will be impossible for you .
we teach ourselves all about raised beds and natural pesticides , about deer fencing and cold - climate seeds .
we have to prioritize , and putting away enough money to buy seeds and rent the land from pam is our priority .
the last week of march , he starts germinating seeds .
morgen helps him fill the containers with soil , and together they push the seeds down and cover them up .
the silver globes are the seed , the root , the bloom of survival .
he toppled , woodtoe , the ligneous man of the north , the fast wasting tegument of his body to leak nutrients into the soil , aiding his ascent from seed up the precipice , there to conquer the battlements and dust leaves in the halls .
yet even in his own quiet acknowledgment of the seed now growing in the depths of her womb , arthur also knew that he was not prepared to hear this information .
in all the rush of the next days , she must make time to collect the seed pods from the hollyhocks .
inside each cup were several of the peculiarly shaped hollyhock seed pods that always reminded her of a priests biretta .
after she had thanked him for his thoughtfulness , she would have to spend from july into october collecting the pods from the offending stalks before they had the chance to scatter their unnatural seeds .
as she did nt have the heart to uproot a volunteer and as it proved impossible to collect every double blossom seed pod , bett had become resigned to having omas beautiful pink , cerise , red , cream and burgundy blossoms , so carefully collected and tended over the years , mix with the fecund sog of the doubles .
there would be plenty of seed to go around for her children .
the cleome seeds had to be gathered by color .
there should be time to collect the seed heads , which resembled a burst of fireworks , and harvest the seeds that she used in tomato sauces and christmas cookies .
lise stretched her mouth wide as if she had bitten into the alum of a grape seed .
bett brushed her way between the rows of tall wispy , plants with their yellow firework burst heads of developing seed .
the time to dig out dandelions was before the blossoms turned to seed , before they could be scattered by the wind .
she felt herself to be as light as the fluff - born seed .
in the cutting garden , mature cosmos had dropped seed and those seeds had already sprouted into a carpet of six - inch tall plants , as delicate as spanish lace , growing up and flowering among the woody stalks of their parents .
in the cutting garden , mature cosmos had dropped seed and those seeds had already sprouted into a carpet of six - inch tall plants , as delicate as spanish lace , growing up and flowering among the woody stalks of their parents .
take nine , a childs life from seed to bicycle and baseball , take nine away from her .
and probably their seed catalogs .
you ve saved the seeds of those seeds for ten years ?
nitas sense of wonderment at her mothers hoard of seeds mutated into revulsion as her mother began displaying other seedsbasil , cicoria , fennelthat were contained in brown plastic pill vials .
later , after hundreds of seeds had been hidden inside the moist richness of betts potting compost , nita asked , where are you going to put all of this stuff ?
in a moment , or a day or two , dehiscent seeds would spill their marrow .
hard brown seed would twist itself into translucent tender flesh .
the most mundane actbillions and billions of seeds turned into millions of acres of wheatand the most exoticin less than ninety days , a hard black dot , smaller than a poppy seed , turn into a five foot cleome with dangling pods , ten inch blossoms of wands and petals , thorns , a strange smellwere miracles that had been too small or too big ever to have been much noticed by her .
the most mundane actbillions and billions of seeds turned into millions of acres of wheatand the most exoticin less than ninety days , a hard black dot , smaller than a poppy seed , turn into a five foot cleome with dangling pods , ten inch blossoms of wands and petals , thorns , a strange smellwere miracles that had been too small or too big ever to have been much noticed by her .
bett stopped picking through a small pile of seeds trying to find the fattest ones .
every year i get so caught up in the fuchsias blooms i forget to pinch the seed pods .
she held bills seed as fiercely as a dog a rat .
as nita carefully packed her suitcase and sorted through her briefcase choosing the files that she should take with her , she wondered how shed shape the truth about the fate of those seeds were her mother to ask about them .
she threw this out like a seed that might find the soil it needed to grow , but with the possibility it would find only stony ground .
the banabrook driveway had been included in his contract because of the vehicles carting visitors to and fro , which made it a likely spot for seeds to be deposited .
` ` if you can give us seeds , we can grow the plants on st . lucy , in outdoor plots or greenhouses .
not for the first time , maryellen felt a sadness when she considered how , because he was so pent up , gene had planted early , then , had had to re - plant when the seeds rotted from too much rain .
gene picked up the burpee seed catalog he had let drop in his lap .
i want you to find out how many seeds are in this apple .
find out how many seeds were in an apple ?
why should i have cared how many seeds were in the apple ?
well , i found out how many seeds were in the apple .
so the apple had eight seeds in it ?
yes , it had eight seeds .
so its possible to find out how many seeds are in an apple , right ?
he motioned for me to put my hand out , which i did , and then he placed the seed in my palm .
he then looked back down at the seed in my hand and pointing to it , said , each of us has these gifts , just like every apple has its seeds .
he then looked back down at the seed in my hand and pointing to it , said , each of us has these gifts , just like every apple has its seeds .
in a way , they are like the seeds that are in each of us .
so you re saying that the seeds are an analogy to illustrate how each person has special abilities that help make them who they are ; just like each seed has the ability to become an apple .
if you agree with that , chris , then what are your seeds ?
i m not sure if that qualifies as what you call a seed or any special gift , though , i replied , not knowing if i was on the right track .
i would say you re even a little above average because you were actually able to think of a special seed you have .
okay , so there s different ways to find out what your seeds are .
he held it in front of him , looked past the seed , directly at me , and asked , its possible to find out how many seeds are in an apple , but is it possible to find out how many apples are in a seed ?
he held it in front of him , looked past the seed , directly at me , and asked , its possible to find out how many seeds are in an apple , but is it possible to find out how many apples are in a seed ?
he held it in front of him , looked past the seed , directly at me , and asked , its possible to find out how many seeds are in an apple , but is it possible to find out how many apples are in a seed ?
one seed , if planted , could produce a whole apple tree , which in turn would produce apples every year .
as he talked , he continued to turn the seed around in between his fingers .
then the apples that they produce also have seeds in them .
the way he made it sound , it was nt hard ; just figure out your seeds and go for it .
if your seeds called for a major life change , you could nt just pick up and do it overnight , right ?
your seeds will not grow automatically .
fortunately , i m patient enough to let the seeds of sinfulness germinate .
but let me now declare that i was not denied any male seed .
through this wild and wanton wind my body is blown , and my bare limbs are frayed from the ceaseless rain , but should i expect any sorrow for this seed i ve sewn ?
a bad breed starts at the seed , doth it not ?
ill just plant seedy seeds in a few ears around here and wait for them to germinate .
you not only believe that god created man , this beautiful world , and the entire universe , but you re also a devoted and devout christian , which means you believe that god did nt just throw some seeds out into the universe so they could evolve , you believe he is with us , that he is intimately involved with our lives , right now , right here , everywhere .
miles stared in amazement as the seed appeared to find comfort amidst the quilt of whiskers , seemingly settling in for some much - needed rest .
but to be experienced , the mustard seed of faith with which we are all born must be watered so that it can germinate and grow within us .
the mustard seed of holy spirit that is within us all is now free to germinate fully within you .
it looks like it is turning and twisting in agony while it gives birth , sowing its seeds to the wind , thought miles incredulously as he considered the symbolism of the celtic cross and the great spirit philosophies of the sioux and other native american tribes .
the new hobby brought tubs of seed to the garage and more feeders on our property than discarded toys .
the dune grass must ve kept the seeds from floating away .
there was something about sunday that felt so alive and vibrant , and i began planting the seeds that i d purchased months ago but never had the opportunity to put in the soil .
but the next day i bought new seed and began to work again .
ten seeds fall out on de counter .
uh oh dese pamphlets about some new law dey made in de states , zero toleration i agree wit stone when e say , uh oh dis new law means dey can take bubbas new corvette an keep er cause of ten ole pot seeds even my brudder forgot .
i sit watching the delicious little birds hop from seed to seed on the dying thistles in the garden outside the window .
i sit watching the delicious little birds hop from seed to seed on the dying thistles in the garden outside the window .
she birthed a tow - headed winged angel , triplet boys , a body - snatcher seed pod , and once , a popple covered in green goo .
or a seed , which she recognized from home - school as the kind that grew guava plants with sun and soil and water .
minted - microscopically minute by second hand- ticking ... exchanged : futures on crops - to - profit terms ... all over the - globe seed to seed spinning - still : ' too big to fail .
: survived in a kind of afterlife : the next generation ... by seed , and idea ... ' by sword and gun ! '
as the tree drops its seed in order to grow , so shall the ring of our hearts feed our love for one another , and from that growth , the blooming of our love will see us through the life that we share .
i will write you when i have the time and time is the seed which will produce the staple crop .
she began , pecking out one letter after the other , reminding herself of a multi - headed chicken hunting for and finding seeds , her wrist the neck , fingers the many beaks : once upon a time there were three children who wanted to save the world : flannery , heather , and gabriel .
he had managed to plant the seed , they had taken root and the roots were many and surely strong enough to grow and protect the dhamma .
from a seed , or an acorn .
gracefully the years roll on echo ever after their distant rumble leads you on you rush you stumble then you re gone so soon longing for the farthest door silent ever after the oath you took to wage the war the fist you shook so high before the night you saw belied by the moon that night you saw belied by the moon alive again to sow a seed that we must know waiting for the clearest light certain ever after the bodhi tree repels the night but all you see is spirits in their plight and dearth listening by the farthest door humble ever after the sun you grew the stars you wore reflecting you they shine the lore of hope and love to all here on earth the stars that shine the promise of earth alive again to sow a seed that we must know and fine and pure it must endure under the strain and strife that wise and true the real you may find the water of life behind your eyes in stillness lies a quiet pool of view though fine and pure it will endure what ever life ever knew you traveled by the faintest song learning ever after to nurse the flame and keep it strong to glean the face of endings that are long begun leaving by the furthest door sacred ever after your final word was nothing more than waves we heard caress the shore you reached before you sailed for the sun that shore you reach to sail for the sun alive again to sow a seed that we must know alive again to sow a seed that we must know the last line left her in sleeps peaceful antechamber , listening to starlight .
gracefully the years roll on echo ever after their distant rumble leads you on you rush you stumble then you re gone so soon longing for the farthest door silent ever after the oath you took to wage the war the fist you shook so high before the night you saw belied by the moon that night you saw belied by the moon alive again to sow a seed that we must know waiting for the clearest light certain ever after the bodhi tree repels the night but all you see is spirits in their plight and dearth listening by the farthest door humble ever after the sun you grew the stars you wore reflecting you they shine the lore of hope and love to all here on earth the stars that shine the promise of earth alive again to sow a seed that we must know and fine and pure it must endure under the strain and strife that wise and true the real you may find the water of life behind your eyes in stillness lies a quiet pool of view though fine and pure it will endure what ever life ever knew you traveled by the faintest song learning ever after to nurse the flame and keep it strong to glean the face of endings that are long begun leaving by the furthest door sacred ever after your final word was nothing more than waves we heard caress the shore you reached before you sailed for the sun that shore you reach to sail for the sun alive again to sow a seed that we must know alive again to sow a seed that we must know the last line left her in sleeps peaceful antechamber , listening to starlight .
gracefully the years roll on echo ever after their distant rumble leads you on you rush you stumble then you re gone so soon longing for the farthest door silent ever after the oath you took to wage the war the fist you shook so high before the night you saw belied by the moon that night you saw belied by the moon alive again to sow a seed that we must know waiting for the clearest light certain ever after the bodhi tree repels the night but all you see is spirits in their plight and dearth listening by the farthest door humble ever after the sun you grew the stars you wore reflecting you they shine the lore of hope and love to all here on earth the stars that shine the promise of earth alive again to sow a seed that we must know and fine and pure it must endure under the strain and strife that wise and true the real you may find the water of life behind your eyes in stillness lies a quiet pool of view though fine and pure it will endure what ever life ever knew you traveled by the faintest song learning ever after to nurse the flame and keep it strong to glean the face of endings that are long begun leaving by the furthest door sacred ever after your final word was nothing more than waves we heard caress the shore you reached before you sailed for the sun that shore you reach to sail for the sun alive again to sow a seed that we must know alive again to sow a seed that we must know the last line left her in sleeps peaceful antechamber , listening to starlight .
gracefully the years roll on echo ever after their distant rumble leads you on you rush you stumble then you re gone so soon longing for the farthest door silent ever after the oath you took to wage the war the fist you shook so high before the night you saw belied by the moon that night you saw belied by the moon alive again to sow a seed that we must know waiting for the clearest light certain ever after the bodhi tree repels the night but all you see is spirits in their plight and dearth listening by the farthest door humble ever after the sun you grew the stars you wore reflecting you they shine the lore of hope and love to all here on earth the stars that shine the promise of earth alive again to sow a seed that we must know and fine and pure it must endure under the strain and strife that wise and true the real you may find the water of life behind your eyes in stillness lies a quiet pool of view though fine and pure it will endure what ever life ever knew you traveled by the faintest song learning ever after to nurse the flame and keep it strong to glean the face of endings that are long begun leaving by the furthest door sacred ever after your final word was nothing more than waves we heard caress the shore you reached before you sailed for the sun that shore you reach to sail for the sun alive again to sow a seed that we must know alive again to sow a seed that we must know the last line left her in sleeps peaceful antechamber , listening to starlight .
everything from the first seed , millions of years ago , that held this very tree in its heart , this very pine , and it was generally held by pines , or other trees for that matter , the world over that immobility was a small price to pay for this memory .
the james picked up from where he had left off , monks have shut themselves off from the world , denying it their seed .
to return to victory and survival of the strongest seed .
we shall return this seed to its rightful owner .
i mean , we will do what is necessary to return the seed to the earth .
the thought itself rustles the heat and i can feel the long red tunnel approach , the spaceor lack of spacewhere such things as surface and willing yourself there cease to have meaning , its just tunnel and you follow it at speed , planting your seed wherever you can , doing your bit for the human race , not that this thought even enters as much as the periphery of things ; but i can note the thought now , because i just had it , before i enter , before i vanish , before i drown completely .
then she read : arrak , the seed of the earth , has germinated long enough , has now taken root , has now risen to claim its rightful place on earth .
arrak will not rest until the seed is returned to its rightful owner : the earth .
women , in the view of these men , serve only one purpose : seed receptacles .
they demand that every girl or woman in heat be available , accessible , and what s more , willing , when they set out to spread their seed for the good of the earth .
and went on to say that continuation involves seed either way , but for the mover the seed must be deposited , firmly and deeply with the female of the specieswhich could conceivably be forgotten , there is so much else to life to keep you busy and your mind occupiedwhile for the stationary , seed is simply let go , given without thought or anxiety to the air for the wind to carry and scatter upon the earth .
and went on to say that continuation involves seed either way , but for the mover the seed must be deposited , firmly and deeply with the female of the specieswhich could conceivably be forgotten , there is so much else to life to keep you busy and your mind occupiedwhile for the stationary , seed is simply let go , given without thought or anxiety to the air for the wind to carry and scatter upon the earth .
and went on to say that continuation involves seed either way , but for the mover the seed must be deposited , firmly and deeply with the female of the specieswhich could conceivably be forgotten , there is so much else to life to keep you busy and your mind occupiedwhile for the stationary , seed is simply let go , given without thought or anxiety to the air for the wind to carry and scatter upon the earth .
in order to spread the seed , the male of the species must enter the females receptacle with his depositor , to squirt the seeds within her .
in order to spread the seed , the male of the species must enter the females receptacle with his depositor , to squirt the seeds within her .
and , continued the giver of choice , once entered , with his depositor , the male of the species will agitate it to still the itch with the eventual result that seed will pump out of one and into the other .
for you see the spring is a busy season , lots of new things to see , smells to smell , winds to savor , and the male of the species may find all of this very interesting and he may forget all about planting seeds .
should , once spring has arrived in full bloom , the male of the mobile species have yet to deposit his seed with the female , deeply and firmly , he may then need a little more prodding .
that is the remainder that willif earlier , more gentle prodding has failed towake the male of the moving about species to his bargained for duty to deposit , deeply and firmly with the female of the species , his seed .
the wind will scatter your seeds .
then did answer , should you want to reach , say that ridge over there , you will offer seeds to the wind who will scatter them , and within a generation perhaps , another three will grow as far from you as you are tall .
then another seeds will land .
yes , other seed will land , and a generation later a tree will grow as far from your offspring as it is tall .
i can see her face , a fine face as people go , this is whom he s come for , whom he wants to give his seed .
to welcome and bend to the will of the seed .
to plant the seed and assure the race .
behrad , both the most secretive , and the most influential of the three , governed the southern league of the seed , a fraternity of hunters whose creed sang the glory of rapethe opposed planting .
kristus , they said , had risen above the storm , had risen above the resurrection of the seed and deemed the red moon a prison , a shackle , a fetter , a yoke that man the slave must bare .
without the seed there is no earth .
without the earth there is no seed .
our purpose is the will of the seed .
we need to plant the seed to reap the childour future generationsbut will we go to the trouble of planting it were we not compelled ?
plant the seed to reap the child ?
these seven samples must suffice : : the earth sings feet above and sky below the knee the heel the tooth the shallow hollow neath my chin her chin its shallow hollow too lips and tongue and breasts and noses waters soft and mighty there is no red here no pain here no me here only melting as the earth sings : the river for me there is no slaking this thirst by drinking no quieting this roar by bread or by meat no quenching this desire by yielding there is no escaping my captor by a coming together there is no relief from this dream by waking no quieting this moan by hearing it complete no pouring myself into wonderful warmth there is no release by finally melting surely , this is a sickness surely , when not a minute passes without the thought of her when not a breath escapes me without the need to touch to hold , to bury my face in her hair and vanish into that river surely , this is a sickness this awful pull this unreasoning this unseeing that sees nothing but her that feels nothing but the need to furl up against her and vanish into that river for this is not volition no , this is not choice this is now river this can not be right this driving rush that asks nothing but obedience blind and absolute that hopes for nothing but release and never stops speaking it is a terrible sickness this one that seizes the heart in its iron grip and seems to leave it up to you when in truth there is no you left to leave it up to for now there is only the heart and the fist and its terrible crushing strength it is the human part of being so very human it is the lie that states in a thousand different guises that you are incomplete without her that you are unfulfilled without her that you are less yourself without her it is the hurt that says in a thousand different tongues that you are nothing but hope without her nothing but that constant aching seething seeking loving lost and roaming tossed and sinking warm and clutching darkly living softly killing wish how can this be me so content a moon ago now so starved how can this be me so in flight a sky ago so heavy now with earth ah , that i could lose myself in something else in something less consuming while still i have some air to call my own untainted by this ceaseless love so fierce that only poetry can heal it for unlike the bruises cuts and breaks and scrapes and burns that start their healing once received ( the body sees to that ) this wound is of the unhealing kind so fierce at times that priests would drown its moan with metal and thong in rivers of blood in grooves of pain to replace her ache for a moment at least with the sting of her sister and yet , and yet , i have to know tell me by what design and by whose does this tender seed sown by love so innocently by a blush perhaps by a sweet smile a kiss a tender eye a touch by one hand upon another with no harm planned nor pain intended tell me by what design and by whose does this tender seed thus planted into soil of understanding turn parasite turn tentacles turn drooling turn strands then shackles then terrible sickness by no will of mine ( and so i swear ) by no will of hers ( and so i swear ) by only the voice of one heart caught by another though heard by these strands so fierce and strong only song can sever but whence do they spring these tiny strands so small at first as to not be seen that can grow to turn a nothing but sky into terrible darkness how do they grow these tiny strands from hand on hand and tongue on tongue to turn a nothing but laughter to a nothing but ache and so i wonder what endurance what steadiness of hand what surgical skill will it take what masterful incisions and delicate cuttings must succeed that the sickness and its innocent heart be severed that the patient may still live that the sharing may remain while the terrible sickness returns to earth to shatter this , my love , is the trial of spirit living here : the tide gingerly the lips collide the honey of the tongue melts to form a glow a rush , a river love 's forever rising tide now innocent and young surging in a slowly mounting quiver ah , this moment 's so sweet to touch sweet to feel harboring such gently surreal pleasure but time is so hard to catch hard to hold when dreams all hatch awed by her old mythical treasure sanguineous , the rising head enchanted to the core races for a pain unsought , unchosen passions gasp and cry instead of laughing like before wasted , bleeding , slain forgotten , frozen this moment is hard to find hard to view a warm and blind and lost and untrue dawning but time is so hard to catch hard to hold when lives all hatch true to her old unceasing spawning : the tender lie will my heart and her tender lie be for me to know as a light or a woe to cry or a wound to show maybe more like a prayer to say or a bond to break or perhaps as a far away or a grave mistake maybe love and her ache will pass me by if i pledge my past and would cease to try but then my heart and whatever that i be we come to you as you come to me in your eyes i see shadows laugh as i drink your grace and i wonder on whose behalf do they leave their trace in the warmth of your deep embrace i can feel no pain nor the world that i have to face if i would maintain seems like love up and caught me on the run with the chains i trail and the needs i shun but for you i ' m a better man for sure i could see myself and i would endure i do n't know why you take for granted i am yours when i belong to no one i ' m torn and i bleed and i ' m left enchanted yet you lie and you say that no harm is done will this life and the things i chase be for me to know as a lie or a futile race or a seed to sow maybe more like a brand new day or a chance to take or perhaps as a field of play with my soul at stake maybe life and her lust will pass me by if i trust my wings and would dare to fly maybe then i shall be what i can be i shall know the sky i shall sail and see : the fever colossal the mountain moving at speed across space capitulating : the sharing i glean and i gather reflections of time to sing and to savor for a while until it is over they shine and they glitter they whisper and chime to touch and to talk to me awhile until it is over with a heartful of things to say i have rivers to tell but if i ca n't begin i may as well be gone with love as my fortress and sin as my guise if i could just share a little while into it is over and while that tenderness is hard to find is so hard to show is so hard to know i find that nonetheless to dream about but to do without is harder still : the fading silent by the fire you rose to retire slowly as you fingered your hair and then lingered and then you turned to me and you smiled at what you saw and what i saw was how you faded into leaving my heart in despair my eyes in awe : : 105 : : alwyn stirred , opened her eyes , and asked him where he had been , and what time was it ?
these seven samples must suffice : : the earth sings feet above and sky below the knee the heel the tooth the shallow hollow neath my chin her chin its shallow hollow too lips and tongue and breasts and noses waters soft and mighty there is no red here no pain here no me here only melting as the earth sings : the river for me there is no slaking this thirst by drinking no quieting this roar by bread or by meat no quenching this desire by yielding there is no escaping my captor by a coming together there is no relief from this dream by waking no quieting this moan by hearing it complete no pouring myself into wonderful warmth there is no release by finally melting surely , this is a sickness surely , when not a minute passes without the thought of her when not a breath escapes me without the need to touch to hold , to bury my face in her hair and vanish into that river surely , this is a sickness this awful pull this unreasoning this unseeing that sees nothing but her that feels nothing but the need to furl up against her and vanish into that river for this is not volition no , this is not choice this is now river this can not be right this driving rush that asks nothing but obedience blind and absolute that hopes for nothing but release and never stops speaking it is a terrible sickness this one that seizes the heart in its iron grip and seems to leave it up to you when in truth there is no you left to leave it up to for now there is only the heart and the fist and its terrible crushing strength it is the human part of being so very human it is the lie that states in a thousand different guises that you are incomplete without her that you are unfulfilled without her that you are less yourself without her it is the hurt that says in a thousand different tongues that you are nothing but hope without her nothing but that constant aching seething seeking loving lost and roaming tossed and sinking warm and clutching darkly living softly killing wish how can this be me so content a moon ago now so starved how can this be me so in flight a sky ago so heavy now with earth ah , that i could lose myself in something else in something less consuming while still i have some air to call my own untainted by this ceaseless love so fierce that only poetry can heal it for unlike the bruises cuts and breaks and scrapes and burns that start their healing once received ( the body sees to that ) this wound is of the unhealing kind so fierce at times that priests would drown its moan with metal and thong in rivers of blood in grooves of pain to replace her ache for a moment at least with the sting of her sister and yet , and yet , i have to know tell me by what design and by whose does this tender seed sown by love so innocently by a blush perhaps by a sweet smile a kiss a tender eye a touch by one hand upon another with no harm planned nor pain intended tell me by what design and by whose does this tender seed thus planted into soil of understanding turn parasite turn tentacles turn drooling turn strands then shackles then terrible sickness by no will of mine ( and so i swear ) by no will of hers ( and so i swear ) by only the voice of one heart caught by another though heard by these strands so fierce and strong only song can sever but whence do they spring these tiny strands so small at first as to not be seen that can grow to turn a nothing but sky into terrible darkness how do they grow these tiny strands from hand on hand and tongue on tongue to turn a nothing but laughter to a nothing but ache and so i wonder what endurance what steadiness of hand what surgical skill will it take what masterful incisions and delicate cuttings must succeed that the sickness and its innocent heart be severed that the patient may still live that the sharing may remain while the terrible sickness returns to earth to shatter this , my love , is the trial of spirit living here : the tide gingerly the lips collide the honey of the tongue melts to form a glow a rush , a river love 's forever rising tide now innocent and young surging in a slowly mounting quiver ah , this moment 's so sweet to touch sweet to feel harboring such gently surreal pleasure but time is so hard to catch hard to hold when dreams all hatch awed by her old mythical treasure sanguineous , the rising head enchanted to the core races for a pain unsought , unchosen passions gasp and cry instead of laughing like before wasted , bleeding , slain forgotten , frozen this moment is hard to find hard to view a warm and blind and lost and untrue dawning but time is so hard to catch hard to hold when lives all hatch true to her old unceasing spawning : the tender lie will my heart and her tender lie be for me to know as a light or a woe to cry or a wound to show maybe more like a prayer to say or a bond to break or perhaps as a far away or a grave mistake maybe love and her ache will pass me by if i pledge my past and would cease to try but then my heart and whatever that i be we come to you as you come to me in your eyes i see shadows laugh as i drink your grace and i wonder on whose behalf do they leave their trace in the warmth of your deep embrace i can feel no pain nor the world that i have to face if i would maintain seems like love up and caught me on the run with the chains i trail and the needs i shun but for you i ' m a better man for sure i could see myself and i would endure i do n't know why you take for granted i am yours when i belong to no one i ' m torn and i bleed and i ' m left enchanted yet you lie and you say that no harm is done will this life and the things i chase be for me to know as a lie or a futile race or a seed to sow maybe more like a brand new day or a chance to take or perhaps as a field of play with my soul at stake maybe life and her lust will pass me by if i trust my wings and would dare to fly maybe then i shall be what i can be i shall know the sky i shall sail and see : the fever colossal the mountain moving at speed across space capitulating : the sharing i glean and i gather reflections of time to sing and to savor for a while until it is over they shine and they glitter they whisper and chime to touch and to talk to me awhile until it is over with a heartful of things to say i have rivers to tell but if i ca n't begin i may as well be gone with love as my fortress and sin as my guise if i could just share a little while into it is over and while that tenderness is hard to find is so hard to show is so hard to know i find that nonetheless to dream about but to do without is harder still : the fading silent by the fire you rose to retire slowly as you fingered your hair and then lingered and then you turned to me and you smiled at what you saw and what i saw was how you faded into leaving my heart in despair my eyes in awe : : 105 : : alwyn stirred , opened her eyes , and asked him where he had been , and what time was it ?
these seven samples must suffice : : the earth sings feet above and sky below the knee the heel the tooth the shallow hollow neath my chin her chin its shallow hollow too lips and tongue and breasts and noses waters soft and mighty there is no red here no pain here no me here only melting as the earth sings : the river for me there is no slaking this thirst by drinking no quieting this roar by bread or by meat no quenching this desire by yielding there is no escaping my captor by a coming together there is no relief from this dream by waking no quieting this moan by hearing it complete no pouring myself into wonderful warmth there is no release by finally melting surely , this is a sickness surely , when not a minute passes without the thought of her when not a breath escapes me without the need to touch to hold , to bury my face in her hair and vanish into that river surely , this is a sickness this awful pull this unreasoning this unseeing that sees nothing but her that feels nothing but the need to furl up against her and vanish into that river for this is not volition no , this is not choice this is now river this can not be right this driving rush that asks nothing but obedience blind and absolute that hopes for nothing but release and never stops speaking it is a terrible sickness this one that seizes the heart in its iron grip and seems to leave it up to you when in truth there is no you left to leave it up to for now there is only the heart and the fist and its terrible crushing strength it is the human part of being so very human it is the lie that states in a thousand different guises that you are incomplete without her that you are unfulfilled without her that you are less yourself without her it is the hurt that says in a thousand different tongues that you are nothing but hope without her nothing but that constant aching seething seeking loving lost and roaming tossed and sinking warm and clutching darkly living softly killing wish how can this be me so content a moon ago now so starved how can this be me so in flight a sky ago so heavy now with earth ah , that i could lose myself in something else in something less consuming while still i have some air to call my own untainted by this ceaseless love so fierce that only poetry can heal it for unlike the bruises cuts and breaks and scrapes and burns that start their healing once received ( the body sees to that ) this wound is of the unhealing kind so fierce at times that priests would drown its moan with metal and thong in rivers of blood in grooves of pain to replace her ache for a moment at least with the sting of her sister and yet , and yet , i have to know tell me by what design and by whose does this tender seed sown by love so innocently by a blush perhaps by a sweet smile a kiss a tender eye a touch by one hand upon another with no harm planned nor pain intended tell me by what design and by whose does this tender seed thus planted into soil of understanding turn parasite turn tentacles turn drooling turn strands then shackles then terrible sickness by no will of mine ( and so i swear ) by no will of hers ( and so i swear ) by only the voice of one heart caught by another though heard by these strands so fierce and strong only song can sever but whence do they spring these tiny strands so small at first as to not be seen that can grow to turn a nothing but sky into terrible darkness how do they grow these tiny strands from hand on hand and tongue on tongue to turn a nothing but laughter to a nothing but ache and so i wonder what endurance what steadiness of hand what surgical skill will it take what masterful incisions and delicate cuttings must succeed that the sickness and its innocent heart be severed that the patient may still live that the sharing may remain while the terrible sickness returns to earth to shatter this , my love , is the trial of spirit living here : the tide gingerly the lips collide the honey of the tongue melts to form a glow a rush , a river love 's forever rising tide now innocent and young surging in a slowly mounting quiver ah , this moment 's so sweet to touch sweet to feel harboring such gently surreal pleasure but time is so hard to catch hard to hold when dreams all hatch awed by her old mythical treasure sanguineous , the rising head enchanted to the core races for a pain unsought , unchosen passions gasp and cry instead of laughing like before wasted , bleeding , slain forgotten , frozen this moment is hard to find hard to view a warm and blind and lost and untrue dawning but time is so hard to catch hard to hold when lives all hatch true to her old unceasing spawning : the tender lie will my heart and her tender lie be for me to know as a light or a woe to cry or a wound to show maybe more like a prayer to say or a bond to break or perhaps as a far away or a grave mistake maybe love and her ache will pass me by if i pledge my past and would cease to try but then my heart and whatever that i be we come to you as you come to me in your eyes i see shadows laugh as i drink your grace and i wonder on whose behalf do they leave their trace in the warmth of your deep embrace i can feel no pain nor the world that i have to face if i would maintain seems like love up and caught me on the run with the chains i trail and the needs i shun but for you i ' m a better man for sure i could see myself and i would endure i do n't know why you take for granted i am yours when i belong to no one i ' m torn and i bleed and i ' m left enchanted yet you lie and you say that no harm is done will this life and the things i chase be for me to know as a lie or a futile race or a seed to sow maybe more like a brand new day or a chance to take or perhaps as a field of play with my soul at stake maybe life and her lust will pass me by if i trust my wings and would dare to fly maybe then i shall be what i can be i shall know the sky i shall sail and see : the fever colossal the mountain moving at speed across space capitulating : the sharing i glean and i gather reflections of time to sing and to savor for a while until it is over they shine and they glitter they whisper and chime to touch and to talk to me awhile until it is over with a heartful of things to say i have rivers to tell but if i ca n't begin i may as well be gone with love as my fortress and sin as my guise if i could just share a little while into it is over and while that tenderness is hard to find is so hard to show is so hard to know i find that nonetheless to dream about but to do without is harder still : the fading silent by the fire you rose to retire slowly as you fingered your hair and then lingered and then you turned to me and you smiled at what you saw and what i saw was how you faded into leaving my heart in despair my eyes in awe : : 105 : : alwyn stirred , opened her eyes , and asked him where he had been , and what time was it ?
inevar grew his original tree to an ancient age then departed to find himself seed again , then tendril , then root , then stem , then trunk , then branch , then tree .
these kinds of samadhi are said to be with seed .
the finer seeds germinate and sprout again ; the mind again seems capable of distinctions , having again risen from the monomaniacal pursuit of the one thing , the only thing .
as harry and lara watched , inevar grew his original tree to an ancient age then departed to find himself seed again , then tendril , then root , then stem , then trunk , then branch , then tree .
as natha in the tusita heaven , returned from earth , willing my just planted seeds to grow , hoping they would spread , reseed , grow , spread , reseed , grow , to eventually cover the earth , knowing they had to do this on their own , by the impetus of my teaching , for i can not guide each and every spirit individually .
they had allowed her to blossom , and even though it certainly had been she doing her own blossoming , they had planted those seeds and she was forever grateful .
theophrastus founded the science of botany , providing detailed and vivid descriptions of a wide variety of plant species as well as investigating the germination process in seeds .
here , anaxagoras weighed in with the suggestion that all things are , in fact , composed of very small particles , or seeds , which exist in infinite variety .
as kwemuzo spoke , he gave life to emotions that had lain dormant within me like seeds wilting to be released by the heat of summer .
nevertheless , something else was happening , for sure a seed that had already been planted inside me was being watered and fertilized by these events .
from child , my father has made me plant a seed of the wheat .
chapter vii and he ca nt read through the music and he saw the baker whose daughter had died of consumption and the landlady whose brother had died in an early skirmish with the turks and the amateur composer whose wife had died in siberia after proclaiming dubious politics in suspect articles in questionable journals and they all rejoiced and the baked and the landed and the composed danced with their arms entwined and their room spun and he hurt in their ears and he tried a story below them to contain their jubilation in a spilt drop of ink but in the end the writer is not even allowed to live in his writing and the spiller can not hide in his spill though it be dark as a murder and the man of the east can not take partygoers or any other revellers seriously he feels they are actively missing the point the apical engorged point for want of imagination no less a wilted ostentation than that and their joy no rather the contentedness of reasonably happy reasonably fucked up people is a refusal of interpretation and their reasonable affable practicality combed as it is in pink utiles the yoke and the mute of fat pink flesh their practicality is a closing of the eye and from the primacy of practical reason it was always only a step to an hatred of theory and in a culture as theirs there is a bale on storytelling and a quiver in the obstinacy for resolution the skulk and the hiding from the unkindness that read down atop the tablets the husk reared on the stone of the tablets and its descent into the inevitables of the mind its murmuration into the ears of the cry of possibility the leap of understanding that all is not to their pride reason was not a monologic absolute there was always a mouth speaking reason and that mouth was the leash and the truth of reason was in its speaker in his mouth he has an amazing mouth in his gaze in his electric and in the ascension there are no ideas in themselves and in the descent an idea is always somebodys idea and the clutching of the neck of the reasonspeaker and the cowardice overflying the creak and the sloth of the ideationist there was a family of suffering in their immanency and mouths can be stuffed and bodies can be brought into the crash and the bloat of flesh behind reason and the bouquet of larval flesh behind ideas its richness and implausibility these their temporal drift and the intrusion of their decay flesh can be stopped ideas are not immortal merely persistent they are ugly creatures insinuating themselves under the skin and theirs a venereal kindle and their call of ideas their song unsmotherable in flesh untrampled in lamentation unanswerable in kind ideas can not be reasoned with the flesh of men their barren bed and from fleshs death reason draws light feeding on its godgiven flesh even as it dies symbiotically with its prey or rather male man mating with reasons praying mantis the history of ideas littered with signposts of phosphorescent cadavers and so because of death because death is metaphysics circulus vitiosus circulus otiosus fleshs search for truth mans search outside the clamour of reason and its strangled parliaments is a spiritual quest of no finality no aspiration to end no not merely intellectual the quest for truth truth was infinite the intellect was not and flesh could only grasp specks of it reflections in the spectral ice liquefied of broken mirrors and aliquis flesh always longed for times when truth was not so far not enshrined in its own transcendence in childhood yes childhood and a word from the father a word from the mother sufficed to place a lid on the fleshs universe and with the names of objects flesh was given their truth and as the flesh grows and races the father dies away runs off into the crepitation of a dark hallway and can impart no more no nothing merely the viscidity of mumbles down his beard and truth is not given any longer and flesh seeks a truthgiver and god of course is the terminal surrogate father but one who also is capable of abandonment gods abandonment of truth and the flesh seeks truth yearns for its warmth and its light even if it must burn its own meleagrian brand to ignite the truth and in russia the truth of russia was togetherness was love of hearth and family or so the flesh was incessantly told and he was told that god gave one family peoples so that one could through them learn how to love and such were the mythic origins of family and in them the origins of truth and all this all so distant was simply imprinted into the browncoats flesh and his struggles and his myopia in the bright rooms of his childhood where he was taught greek and testament and mental hygiene but of course even then before or perhaps after thought itself had become hygiene he knew he riddled that the brightest rooms are the secret domains of fces and the dances above him were unbearable and he left his room and took to the street and two minutes in the browncoat saw an overturned hackney - carriage and there were four people inside and they had not been able to revert to verticality for lack of space and their heads still pointed downwards and their feet fought against the floor which was now roof and their bodies writhed diagonally and they were trying to get out but the doors were stuck and whenever the passengers put their hands out through the small windows to try to unlock the doors from without the driver who was perched atop the bottom of the carriage now serving as its roof and whenever the driver saw an hand snaking out of the windows he would snap at the hand with his whip as hard as he could and he appeared never to miss and the hand would be forced to withdraw and another hand would try again on the other side and sometimes hands were put out on both sides of the carriage so as to divide and lessen the drivers attention but his instincts were swift and his execution impeccable and the passengers were screaming and pushing and kicking against each other like dogs of war caged before a conflict with enemies riding elephants and there was no room inside them and the men became stuck in the womens elaborate dresses not fit for such travel mens greasy feet upward their tired cunts and they all needed to get out and even when all four passengers let all their hands their hands already marked corroded and dripping skin and sacrificed inflame their hands point outward at the same time they did not manage to progress at all in the unlocking of the faulty doors for the driver was restless and the blades of his whip everywhere and the hands retreated in instinct but the driver never missed and the browncoat would have liked to watch this awhile but unfortunately the two horses who were being crushed as well under the hold - back and in a torturous position they were bleating their gleaming impertinent suffering into the street also and the blare aged intolerable and the browncoat left the street and he had heard recently abducted neighbours discuss a new american fair spiked onto the outskirts of moscow and since he never had any ideas he drifted into the carnival and entered the funhouse and behind him at the entrance a clown in poor makeup was playing of course his violin and the two sets of chords violin and fiddle immixed hungrily like a couple of essentially straight young women magnetized into mutual exploration and of course someone slammed the door behind him and there was but little light inside the funhouse tunnel most of it greedily farmed by the subitaneous dark through the cracks in the thin wooden walls the outside crashing against the thinnest of walls and foaming off again and then as the browncoat walked on he walked and recoiled into a chandelier a low - hanging grand chandelier of rusty axes and mausers and leeenfields and the wooden handles of the axes and the muzzles of the mausers were alight and the browncoat could see that this was a much fatter room than the slides he had passed through to get here and the walls did not look thin and rickety and uncombative as before and despite the light from the chandelier he could not see or remember whence he had come which entrance tunnel nor could he see where he could proceed how he could move forward so the browncoat circles the room and tested the walls and it was not such a large room the circumference was only ten seconds long but he kept missing the connecting tunnels there appeared to be no connecting tunnels and then the brownback tired of walking and sat down under the chandelier and the axe blades rustled and silvered against each other and they sang like a womans voice he was thinking he heard it like a song of escape and opening and the womans song soon perished as did the rustling and brownback thought woman after all is a sometime thing but such a slave of limits of reasonable restricting rules of collaborative social and moral intelligence and perpetuator of denial the murder of self selfhood to serfdom and he the browncoat would sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires but that of course was only an hypothetical he had never had a desire in his conscious life nothing beyond satisfying the amoral physical necessities food air drink masturbation and neither man nor woman had been inside his desire and such as he was desireless he was an inhabitant of the empyrean of sorts not polluted by the convolutions of desire of the psyche a clean expanse before the unconscious and before the moral but of course man had been there may have been there in the prior many have speculated of eden and its philosophy and the fall of course was caused by eve copulating with the serpent for such was womans blood even in the starkest numinous vapidity ( of perfection ) she could find hope dig and claw the interesting out of the tedium an archologist of the entrenched platitude such was woman at her best but after her finest moment she seemed to shrink grew small under her own psychoses and madame for the most played no more and acquired rather expertise at refereeing away from the game and referees are abominated by one and all and as the game changed neither did woman and christ himself the fattest elephant sideways took much after his mother and in so far he was one of the worst of men and outside drowning in a roman well archologists always risk dying moles dying as moles and even so woman and mankind for all their cracked old skin were metaphysical creatures illegible pathic instances of specious apologetics serpent reasonings scuppered theodicies but so prevalent the fatty layers in the human the browncoat could not stop thinking him the human in his the browncoats dark under the chandelier and loath as he was for most introversion the browncoat intuited that his real loathing and his the browncoats real fear is of anything in the plural but insight was cheap and mass reproducible and the browncoat could track no plurality no windy multitudes in his aloneness and solitude was insomnia not the brooding adult insomnia of bike rides across the province but the babys nauseous insomnia the methodical rational trituration of others sleep and of others dare he he dare selfhood through shaking and making the dark ones toy and solitude and the plurals only lesson he the browncoat had ever drawn from plurals was the mathematically fixated il faut tre conome de son mpris tant donn le grand nombre de ncessiteux and the browncoat tracked the dust of the ground with his finger and found many small rocks and he thought rocks were good solid things to have in situations such as his and consequently filled his pockets with them and when all his pockets were reasonably full he picked up the last rock he could find around him without having to relinquish his seating stance to crawl around and look for more rocks under the chandelier and the browncoat threw this last his 37th rock into the air and it turned into a bird a real bird of wings and claw and flew away and flew straight into the chandelier of axes and died hacked to death by its own impetus and the fierce quality of the rocks suicide forced itself on the browncoat like closed mouth vomit one has to swallow again for ones inordinate fear of making a mess below downwards where only cowards gaze no eyes below and he remembered that pleasant fulfilled dreams and thoughts of uncastrated loft are actually as rare as happy music music of the very real and endless sheets flowing white and needless every inch a slave and were the lost feathers floating down on him and sticking to his lips in the vacillating cohesion of newly drawn blood were these feathers art had he made art by investing the room with death for after all every work of art is an uncommitted crime a blushing crime that preserves not him the artist but mens impossibilities and was art so very different from his isolation from the crushing of him by the funhouse asserting itself as a painter in need of fresh pigments dried of the ground browncoat and in the last couplet always the downfall of art itself is perennial the goal of every work of art in that it seeks to bring death to all others all art aims to end art and in it such bastardy such agitation and game mastery all to stifle competing lines to extinguish the unknown running fathers runaway seed in all but one riverbed surviving art killer of marlowe is heir to a mongrel bitch but at this time of aberration the browncoats powers were crescent and he knew so and in his mumbles quiescent language was dictated by hunger for the silent chew their words to fill their bellies many infinite taxonomies for hunger and the browncoat looked upon the blind chandelier and the ostentatious arrogant walls and he remembered of course that [ the ] night was his idea and he walked on into the next tunnel out of the enclosed room but as soon as the cell of the chandelier had reached behind him the browncoat looked back and moved uneasily and he did not quite wish to go where his will was dull demiurge he shifted like an emperors young newly transplanted power - drinking kidney suffering with a crush of ostalgie over its ancient alcoholic dung - farmer master but such was the nature of his prolix indulgence in fine whines they kept him rooted in the particular but afforded him voyeuristic peeks at the general for there is but negative thought satiation was weakness most positive thought is expired ideology and the distance of thought from reality is itself nothing other than the precipitate of history of deaths lineage into concepts but then the browncoat stopped and heard and he was in a thin loose tunnel again and on the other side of the wall outside there was a map of the fayre with large colorful symbols on it pinned to the funhouse wall and an elderly woman was consulting it in the slow blurring of a splintered bores concentration and he the browncoat still locked inside the funhouse on the other side of the map threw his hand out and waved it about quickly and he so slapped that futile cunt on the hand through the wall and made her lose track of where she her finger had been on the map and the elderly woman went away and he was left alone with the map on the other side of the wall and the map was probably wrong anyway and the browncoat moved on muttering that the best samaritans name was simon and that walk no further that way sodomy lies or perhaps happiness either way turn around and so he did but he could not go back since back would somersault him in limber taunts whenever he turned to go back and point the nether way and he knew not the way and he thought he could solve the antinomy of going back on himself simply by walking backwards without turning around first and he did this awhile but nothing came of it nothing much for the slide tunnels did not end and the browncoat resigned his person to the forward movement forward was arbitrary what did he know regardless slashing the air and possibly the dark in two with his clutched face walking his hazy drip of a walk a walk and face that very dogs disdained pissing on him in his midwalk in the lower alleys running up next to him and walking next to him and pissing on him in their the dogs midstride the browncoat had a wasted take on walking and this he thought strange for walking seemed ever to be most of what he the browncoat did on any given night but he walked across the calendar and hopped across the red splashes the red days and walked into the basements of the calendar and thus the long tunnels of the funhouse were no novelty to him the browncoat merely told the thin walls to still their esperance for he did not intend to collapse under them and he should not seep under them and root them up but also did the brownback know that as a rule a smart man is someone who can not tell a lie without believing it himself rules of self - preservation the budding art of living with oneself didactic blossoms short words long smiles nights of the long smiles but at least the standing man could boast that he and his were not boring what would the brownback say nothing why would he why want to say something any thing at all and the brownback remembered a child yelling in the street tearing out of one eye just one his mother pacing the staircase of a nearby house and the child yelling that he the child could hold his own and quieter yeah hold his own simply by not having one an own he meant or so the brownback understood it the childs release of his own and the brownbacks thoughts and caprices whirred around his cranium alight the thoughts like benevolent overgrown globules of fat rapt in a game of american football malevolent globules of fact but fact was not to his the brownbacks liking he erected refuge in imagination but for most imagination is weak susceptible well - trod divided imagination is inflamed by women who lack precisely imagination and such women confront their imaginers portraits and phantasies of them the women and tear and have at them with a ravens fury why the problem of originality their beautiful sin is not to be idolised outside themselves their sublime sinning a guarantee of ink defying magnetism an altar to ones originality seals one in ones discarded artefacts renders ones every novelty or young act an icon of ones ankylosis and so what is left why murdering ones followers for standing men and superb women alike in viability but at present murder is so so where s the poise so newspapery and with or without murder one seeks constance of some sorts tis weak but inevitable for no knowledge of changing objects if knowledge changes tis sterile speculation the ontology of gossip but what is constant is not an invariant quantity of suffering but its progress towards hell and hereinafter would he the brownback no longer fall tangled into the unscratchables of his cranium no more would he descend into the whirls and mists of transverberation and so the brownback walked but he did not have long to walk since one of the panels of the rickety tunnel walls arrested him he heard a dialogue outside they were a man and a woman voices rusty enough to betray their middling ages and the man assured the woman that he spoke to her in troth and confidence and the man outside who as he spoke convinced the brownback listening beyond the wall but not seeing further and further that he the man outside was in point of fact rather an old man but speaking in youth young language and the old man spoke to the woman who in silence revealed herself rather an old woman but thinking youth and the old man spoke of mummifying the orgasms plateauing the quivers nobility demanded no less of him and thus his face and tonality of body spelt out pure will sicked on cock and then the old man said to the old woman that twas not easy and that my internal monologue is performed by many people and she misheard him and thought he had said infernal and found this very savage and rebellious and rightly said for youth well embraced in the apoplexia of dialectics and theirs a task both opposed and mated to the yelping standard of unwording the world and the old woman stares ravenously at the old man and the man does not stop speaking he accelerates his ideas heat up bump into each other and deflagrate and his tongue pours nay sweats oil and acid on all their fires and all their bullets and finally the man bites his tongue in the rabid fury of his pontification bites hard and the severed portion of the mans tongue flies off and he bleeds profusely and the woman looks on and he drops his gaze to the ground which hungers for his falling blood and the man himself falls on the woman and they are both lying down and the blood is falling on the woman down his chin onto her face into her mouth inside her widening but never enough nostrils behind her ears across her neck over her breasts throughout her voluptuously spiderwebbed hair such pretty hair another occasion he would have bit into it and the man stuffs his elbow in her mouth and wraps her nose sealed in his fist and the blood still fell and they were two or perhaps they were one and then one and the blood but the blood was so many and streams directions growthrates territorial annexations and a blind red kingly smile the blood was smiling it was nt as dramatic and literary as the blood really etching the discernible form of a smile across her clothes and the ground beneath them it was the blood just smiling at him a simple elemental smile drenching her clothes in its fulsome sapience and superiority there were whetstones and ancient hilts in that smile in every one of the many smiles of the many bloods and a darkness metallic and then he realized the blood was smiling back at him for he had been housing an infectious rictus also in the ruins of his tautened face he was smiling the blood was smiling his smile imprinted on the blood and imprisoning the blood and imprisoned in the blood as soon as the blood left the mouthmother and fell aerial to its hegemony below and the woman was laughing giggling silencing her merry tremors failing then letting loose and laughing loudly and vulgarly laughing through the fist in her mouth unable to stop and at this his smile widened the blood smiled harder as well and he bored deeper and with his other fist crushed her nose into graven skin and beaten mucus and at this she started jerking him off pulling him out of his pants caressing and stroking and tickling the undershaft and running gentle circles around the glans with the nail and the soft pillow of her index and at this the man gyrated slowly back and forth inside her hands with a monotonous passion like that of a seed bull too small to mount a larger cow of a different species and she was cradling him shelter and cupping his balls and palming his abdomen and lightly pinching his nipples and sliding her thin long - nailed fingers one by one in an humid ballet from the tip of his penis down the shaft over the testicles across the perineum and in and around his asshole and without letting go of her without releasing her air or her speech he entered the woman and it was quick and so he looked down at her and she was blank and she stared through him and this time he d lasted over a minute and the blood was part of the scenery and the blood was the scenery and he had no more to bleed for her he had stopped bleeding by now and she stared through him and he dived into her and bit into her shoulder and conquered many layers of something - dermas and a couple of slates of flesh and he emerged with skin and new blood in his mouth and he spat it all in her face and back on the spot of her shoulder whence he had wrenched it and she looked smaller now because of the blood orchid in full bloom occupying the spring of her shoulder like a rorschach guardian angel but otherwise nothing had changed and finally but not so long after the man got up shook his feet one by one and he was a small string of a man with weak arms and bad sleeveless shirts in the evening chill that highlighted and mocked the weakness of his arms which weakness mocked the bad sleeveless shirts in turn and she saw him shiver under the chill but only ever so slightly and he told the woman ever supine that if we you or i seek immortality well then tough because so does the cancer cell and upon this he spat on the funhouse wall and the listening prone browncoat recoiled and fell on his ass but the browncoat listened still and the old woman was looking at the vertical old man and then he and his adverbs walked out of her life the old womans life but there was yet crawling in his journal yet to be read and some time after the old man had disappeared the old woman got up as well and rubbed her shoulder and raised the straps of her dress onto their proper positions digging into her shoulder wound and dusted herself to a suitable if modest degree of cleanliness and walked away also and for some hours there was nothing else for the browncoat to listen to and finally he too resumed the biped and walked out of the funhouse and looked around at the fayre and some people but not many told him the browncoat that his hair had whitened and the browncoat shrugged dgueulasse and he could not think of much else to do or much place to go and so he was so bored he taking candy from the devil a novel robert p. kaye published by robert p. kaye at smashwords copyright 2010 robert p. kaye cover by ellie mathews smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
a flaming seed exploded and arched towards the bedclothes , a small meteor , burning a tiny black pit into the sheets alongside other black pits .
a great whoosh parted the air and the eyelet on one end of the cable anchoring the pouch slipped off the hook and spit the rock out like a giant watermelon seed .
granular ash rained down from a point in mid air , the shards of the red balloon like the winged seed of a maple corkscrewing for fertile ground .
besides , i do nt think kend know the difference between a seed and a pod .
he said , looking at the void , where no stalks stood , wondering if he had forgotten to set the line while planting in the spring , or if the planter had failed to drop seeds for a moment .
to have service men and seed salesmen drive into his yard to walk the parlor and the shed , chewing the fat .
` ` tad swenson , his seeds did n't sprout in ' 83 , and henry , well , he just did n't have the right insurance policy when the winds came .
i can tell you if she 'll swallow the seed before she ever even opens her mouth to say hello .
what was once a seed is now a will to live , breathe , and bleed the self of the universe .
it 's supposed to dislodge the seed so i ca n't get pregnant and so far , it 's worked . ''
this winter a seed was planted and should be becoming soon .
the fruit and vegetable seeds were given to them , but never planted by others because every family would put a few seeds under their tongues and let the seeds soak for nine minutes .
this allowed the seeds to absorb the dna of each family member .
we have the ability to bring this planet to brink of destruction , if needed we have seen its seeds already sowed across the land ...
they had already seen the first seeds of its creation in the cities that they had and the fear that had been planted in the hearts of men ... but the scale of what he was suggesting was truly awe inspiring .
i eat humans and swallow the seed , but right now i have no appetite for dreamers .
` ` the seeds have been planted .
as his log touched the shore , it took root , blossomed and threw off its seed , all before harry 's feet touched dry land .
they seemed to arrive with the afternoon wind : at least five hundred of them , harvesting seeds from the fields .
with no conscious effort on their part everything just stopped , went south , stillborn like seed sown on rocky ground .
the gods of heaven were said to have rained their seed down to the goddesses of the underheaven , bringing about the birth of what we call earth .
once autumn has begun during donpoerh , the mundaynes will make no major national decisions or hold any major events until after the first rainfall , the sign of seed and life from the gods , lest the gods should be angered and curse the land , thinking that the people have forgotten where the life of earth came from .
a clear night , with stars scattered across the pitch - black sky , appears to me like great handfuls of seed strewn across rich soil .
you re young yet , for now , but the apples tasty flesh does not forever shelter its seed perhaps i will marry .
somehow he may have planted the seed himself in my mind , compost to evil thought .
the license declared in rebellion would crystallize with the end of the sovereigns seed .
coren pulled a handful of seed from his sack and cast them to the ground .
corens eyes found beorn , and he pulled a great handful of seed from his sack .
thus did the prince cast his seed , but only debate took root and grew : had coren come from ggnian , or made he bold as merely grand pretender ?
this seed he casts he would grant even the life from the tree hidden within the island soil .
i kicked at a patch of seed coren had sown , sending some from the soil and into barren rocks .
he plants seeds like a common laborer , for stones sake !
in its midst a tiny seed , perhaps falling from the folds of his clothing , had taken root , sprouting from the desolate mound , reaching infant branches to the sky .
he sat on the bed flipping through a burpees seed catalogue while their cat , cornflake , sprawled across mannys ankles .
but he did nt look up from his seeds .
then , as if he were a winged maple seed , with legs whirring around so fast they blurred , he lost his footing and slipped .
they pluck a fruit here and sow a seed there , always creating an enigmatic experience in the chaotic total .
i d love to sow seeds here that would bloom into a grand display of flowers .
it took more than a thousand years for the understanding of our place to take on the seeds of modernity .
within my belly , a seed of well - being was planted and beginning to grow .
and with it , the seeds of realisation germinated .
cast ashore , hazily adrift , a dandelion seed on the wings of time , trapped in the sieve of spiralling memories , caught between pristine bliss , and reeking slime .
part of his brain was cussing , the way it usually would , but he just sort of sat there , watching the ink spread , thinking about his own fluid spreading seeds inside a girl , making something , but he shook his head , and closed his eyes .
it has done nothing other than plant the seeds to your downfall .
faith is a funny thing , ethan , jon said between cracking seeds .
in summer , the seeds grew to maturity , and in autumn they ripened , dropped their seeds , and then grew old and died .
in summer , the seeds grew to maturity , and in autumn they ripened , dropped their seeds , and then grew old and died .
their seeds would fall to the ground , thus beginning the process all over again .
the flowers were still growing from the seeds they produce each year .
the thick skin peeled off easily like a mandarin and there were no seeds to pick out .
if you walked through it with wet feet , the seeds stuck to you and you had to wait for them to dry before they d brush off .
the regime had fallen , and the wind , which had so long been forbidden , blew in and carried her away like a seed to another garden where she was now blooming , free of the insidious weeds of tyranny and repression .
somewhere between the honeymoon and their second child , she had let herself go like a lawn overgrown with weeds , the unkempt grass gone to seed .
she told her that she herself could nt even imagine the strength shed come to see in amanda , and she was sure that same strength was there in megan waiting for the flood that would germinate the seeds of her life .
laura had no idea then that anna lees would go on to become mother ann to the shakers in north america and her social and religious beliefs would create mail - order seed packets and washing machines and furniture that would one day sell for millions of dollars and would even be the distant origin of the little reproduction shaker bench in her living room in toronto .
she felt like her heart was about to break like a seed .
rosie explained how roses were hybridized , the pollen from one forming seeds on another .
the seeds were then raised to see what the new variety would become , but it was nt too long into the lecture before rosie could see that he had lost laura to the smell of the one single flower in her hand .
laura answered , i suppose you d like to sit down and get me to start spitting seeds .
the flowers and grasses in the early summer had gone to seed and the cottonwoods exploded and there was snow in summer in drifts along the beach .
smiling at four their eyes meet , sewing a different seed in each different body .
the flower is , at once , in ecstasy and despair , pleasure and pain , contentment and cravinguntil nothing is left of its withering certitude than its propagating seed .
in fact , upon their first meeting at a cocktail party , the father let out a horrified howl of laughter at having created such a monstrosity with his own seed .
the dendrites are , through this process , tuned to a predetermined frequency by which the seeds of suggestion can be sown .
i stopped by the seed store to talk to jerry about next year when he mentioned sammy broke his ankle .
peters distraction was planting bulbs and seeds and tending carefully to them .
the soil is ready and in absolute anticipation of the seed and this extends the energy for the seed to ascend to its best potential .
the soil is ready and in absolute anticipation of the seed and this extends the energy for the seed to ascend to its best potential .
all elements are in perfect attendance of the primordial union of soil and seed .
the seed shall dissolve its utility and fruition into the soil and the soil shall attain its finality .
at first this barrel cactus must have been nothing more than a tiny black speck of a seed lodged in that crack , but it sprouted in less than a year ; over time the root end of the barrel cactus atrophied , and the flesh near the roots puckered to a hard tan point , trailing the dry sinewy roots , which could be seen because they were nt planted in any soil .
the shiny , black full stop of the barrel cactus seed , became a comma , indecisive , a sign that the reader needs to take a temporary , quick breath when reading .
they kept up with the crops planted on the old farms , even knowing the names of the seed varieties , and the work of the fields and they enjoyed journeys to the farms in arizona .
it searched the ground for seeds this way .
the stringy grass grew tall and turned to seed .
some inchoate thread of intimacy which had been nurtured over the past few years burst into life like forcing a dormant seed with warmth and light to germinate in the middle of a wintry deep freeze .
but this i remember well , when we had the great drought , like now , and disaster struck us with the seeds or the livestock , then they would all certainly used to secretly say , what the fire man is doing to us is a hoax , because i at once woke the rain maiden !
i was a seed , planted in the new earth , then a sapling , then i became what i was thereafter : a tree .
over there , beyond the sighs and screams the seas lit up just like that mystic dream buried deep beneath the growls and groans i hear her say , some strange seeds been sown coming to our own everything infused with breath then we leave the rest to rot it was nt a lot anyway hello darling day hello !
poetry , the seed , the shard the temple built out of legs and lard but how ?
fruit and seed chapters 58 to 60 : genoa and mainz chapters 61 to 63 : a fathers arrival chapters 64 to 65 : gwendolen and deronda chapters 66 to 68 : a fathers departure chapters 69 to 70 : ending book i : the spoiled child chapter one was she beautiful or not beautiful ?
cohen now washed his hands , pronouncing hebrew words : then he took off the napkin covering the dish and disclosed the two long flat loaves besprinkled with seed the memorial of the manna that fed the wandering forefathers and breaking off small pieces gave one to each of the family , including adelaide rebekah , who stood on the chair in her amber - coloured garment , trying to look suitably solemn .
the seed of immortality has sprouted within me .
for , look at it in one way , all actions men put a bit of thought into are ideas say , sowing seed , or making a canoe , or baking clay ; and such ideas ca nt go apart from the material that set them to work .
i believe in a growth , a new unfolding of life whereof the seed is more perfect , more charged with the elements that are pregnant with diviner form .
let their history be known and examined ; let the seed be sifted , let its beginning be traced to the weed of the wilderness the more glorious will be the energy that transformed it .
book viii : fruit and seed chapter fifty - eight length of time is a very imperfect measure of things ; a man may head an expedition that opens new continental pathways , and at the end of a few months come back to find his neighbours grumbling at the same parish grievance as before .
time to plant , he thoughthand to trowel , trowel to earth , seed to soil , then over to you , creator one : all over to you .
time to plant , he thoughthand to trowel , trowel to earth , seed to soil , then over to you , creator one .
just then a scout came back and announced he d found a field full of seeds .
5 nicolas sat planted as a seed or sapling .
he looked around for some shadowy nook in which he could stand unseen , and on the opposite side of the street he saw a concrete bench , standing like a tomb on a patch of derelict ground where seeds had been sown but struggled to sprout .
we go into the seed store .
chapter 27 three more values and beliefs in determining the sanctity of life sanctity of life formed as an accidental chain reaction to myriad variables to which , i assert , a god can not be ascribed or imputed as the cause , life , i must admit , continues to teem forth on and from earth , seed , and egg as though such a deity , he who supposedly wrought life initially , were active even now at cultivating the soil .
in the spring of 1936 in response to requests from richard walther darr , hitler ordered 60 million reichmarks of foreign exchange to be used to buy seed oil for german farmers , a decision that led to bitter complaints from dr . schacht and the war minister field marshal werner von blomberg that it would be impossible to achieve rearmament as long as foreign exchange was diverted to preventing food shortages .
you sow the seed , they reap the harvest . ''
when mark thought zav loaded it was only with ` ` bad seed , '' meaning teenager mothers ... a great offense , a grievous sin , a social abomination .
only then can sow seed .
no seed from which to spring .
seeing them all and knowing that they d get them all : all laid and creamed and rammed and jammed and flipped and flopped and ... . sweating , flinging the sweat from ones brow , feeling the sweat of the others : men : males : bodies which were flags of flesh , launching pads of jazz , flinging , flying , splotching and splattering jazz ... every part of himself which was himself was so because he was them : the sperm united them , bonded them , was them casting themselves before the other : sperm which was the other as only sperm can be : for from it would come , so they had been taught , boys like themselves : it was for them to scatter these seeds and the more scattered so the greater hope of life - everlasting .
why did nt i ever ask ? carrying all those years marks sterile seed .
when coupling ends : not just a womans question : ` ` living tomb '' just waiting to die : but a males : ` ` what good is my seed now ? ''
for march it had always all been solely about seed .
` ` what good is my seed ? ''
` ` do you realize how much seed we scatter how much just perishes ! ''
meaning just one pregnancy having received millions of seed : pricilla could never ` ` balance out '' for she was just one out of millions .
` ` grope , '' croaks tinnily ; smallness ; mustard seed ; dry tear springing .
which she knew , knew by the breath within her , this new life : more than seed , more than egg : a flower rose , stood up and felt the uprush of rising as if impelled by groundly exhale , this her plant self , with long roots oh !
the dark sorcerer said , there is a seed in your pocket .
an aecxal seed .
conor said , the seed is symbolic to my people .
the eternitus rose produces only one seed during its lifetime , in the very early stages of its existence .
but allow me to predict this much : this seed will be planted somedayprecisely because you are not condemned .
the black man grasped the pendant and gently centered the eternitus seed inside the medallions roughly circular gap .
the seed suddenly flared like a lighthouse beaconeleysius released itand maggie watched as tiny green tendrils reached from its milky - white orb towards the spiny back of the metal lizard .
he said : the eternitus seed container .
hone your greatest weaponnot the pearl - yang serpenthelm , but your soul , and the precious seed within it .
there was randomness all around her , in her own spirit , biting her , refusing to fall into the hoop , settling as dust over county road 11 , settling into her open palm as a cottonwood seed , swirling past her as water ... . and she thought about god , and about mathematics and number sets , about infinity coming in different sizes , and wondered if human souls were simply infinite entities bound inside an infinitely greater entitygods ?
when winds come up , the seeds fly around and settle just like snow .
it is so easy to quote gandhi , he said , while still working for the multinational corporation that genetically alters seeds so that the plants they produce mature and die , seedless , forcing poor farmers to starvation unless they buy more of those seeds each year .
gives one seed in its lifetime , at the very beginning stage of its life cycle .
* * * * pamelas story we decided to go to the coast one clear autumn day when the sun was out and winter was coming down the trans - canada blowing the last dandelion seed into the air .
fertilizer and seed made available .
choir : we are true to our homeland , to the earth , felling the forests , ploughing the land and sowing the seeds .
and finally for a persian firm of seed merchants .
his seed was not cast upon the ground but neither did it abhor her virgin womb .
birdio was jumping around and throwing his seed around , so willow quietly maneuvered the dark room in order to cover his cage .
she felt like one last lonely dandelion seed clinging to the withered head that bore it , too stubborn or afraid to release a lost cause and fly forth on the wind .
i have sown my seed widely , i confess , and there are many batches of eggs i can claim to have inseminated , but my ambition , and that of all good christians , is to sire offspring to the best of women and to provide the best for my inheritance .
towards the top , we squinted in a bright beam of light speckled with hovering specks of seed .
beta exclaimed , wandering through the long uncut grass , her hands idly pulling off clouds of seed from dandelions .
` ` yup , seed 'em all , i has , '' the old man croaked , a single yellow tooth slipping over his lower lip .
` ` old grubby seed 'em all , comin ' and goin ' . ''
a project could seem to begin promisingly ( even portentously ) enough and still go to seed at some later stage .
they offer germinating seeds ( symbol of fertility ) in a pot and water melons ( symbol of son ) .
he prayed that bea morgan would one day see that the moral seeds planted here in word and deed , bore a proud harvest at the terminus of a place now called the valor road .
i just imagine i ' m lenny with that piece of metal sticking through my head and my blood and brains pouring out onto the ground and my body twisted into all that metal , try to feel him hurting , and think what a terrible time it was to die in the spring with high school almost over , graduation just around the corner , cotton and corn all planted , seeds sprouting and the county fair coming up .
i see a flash , feel the concussion and the car rock just before we catch a few seeds and a string of pumpkin slop on a side window .
delbert 's pulled off his cowboy hat and set it on the planter and now he and curt are between the planter and the tractor , trying to adjust the height of the wedge that separates the ground so the seeds can fall through .
i see papa out of the corner of my eye , bent over scratching through the dirt to see if we ' ve been getting the seed in the ground right .
` ` i do n't see how you let these kids plant these seeds so deep .
he might quit and we have to have his help to get all this seed in the ground .
only once in a while , one of them has this pale green spike sticking out the end of the seed .
edgar knew it was a good deal and the man was likely to go for that even to buy seed animals .
at the first bite they tasted like mango and then as she neared the seed , like marzipan without sugar , with an aftertaste of kerosene .
suck the seed , said her companion in english , breaking a long silence .
or did gerald really mean me , like i was the bad seed ?
that is when the seed germinated .
scattered across the counter were a variety of gardening magazines and seed catalogs .
they also do nt show you how much time and energy it takes to get from that tiny seed to that final product .
suppose if they only showed you what it looked like as a seed and how much work it would take to get to harvest , most of us would never bother planting in the first place .
one of the most precious and delicate of seeds , when nurtured with a balance of structure , support , love , and attention , can become a favorite perennial with limitless potential to provide years of happiness , love , and joy .
mccrearys soul seed catalog read the title .
immediately recalling his bizarre hallucination with the seed catalog , jamison started to share his story with gardener , then thought better of it .
the pair drove in silence for several minutes before jamison worked up the courage to talk about his experience with the seed catalog the day before .
i had the strangest thing happen to me yesterday as i was making out the list of seeds .
as i was reading , the seeds and the descriptions turned into products of my life .
but as i ve learned from gardener , getting it right is a little like choosing the seeds you want to plant in a garden .
when were born , fresh from the womb , maybe even through to the time when were ten , eleven , or twelve and still playing fireman , policeman , indian chief , were kinda like a tiny , ready - for - planting seed .
in the same way , an apple seed does nt try to become a tomato .
he pulled one out and began reading the front : affirmation on impermanenceapply daily for improved joy , satisfaction , and greater yields he turned the packet over and continued reading : today is a gifta tiny seed with potential for peace , happiness , and joy .
you ca nt just plant a seed for love to happen and poof there s the girl of your dreams .
the truth is , jamie , that you can simply plant the seed or thought for love in your life and it will happen .
kneeling in his freshly turned dirt , the place where his seeds would be planted , take root and grow ripe , he took gardeners advice and stopped for a brief moment to breathe .
too much and the acid can kill the seeds .
thought jamison , recalling the strange cover on the seed catalog featuring him and his family .
every seed , and in fact , every variety of seed , has a different set of requirements .
every seed , and in fact , every variety of seed , has a different set of requirements .
well list each seed by row here and then you ll be able to keep a journal , kind of a gardening diary , to monitor your progress .
is nt it natures way for a seed to take root and grow when its planted ?
yeah , gardener replied , seeds grow naturally when we leave them alone .
but without care and attention and placement in a properly prepared garden , the chances of every seed taking root and being able to produce are slim to none .
taking one of the seed packets in his hand , he started at the far end of the garden using the sharp point of a hand trowel and began digging a two - inch trough in the dirthis version of a rowinto which he was placing the nearly microscopic carrot seeds .
i m planting the seeds , said jamie .
hell , why do nt we just open the seed sack and toss them out ?
i ve worked the soil near to death , added shit until my back was nearly broken , and now i m out here , practically in the middle of the friggin night , putting the seeds in the ground .
i mean how complicated can it be to bury a simple seed ?
a seed is simply the potential for something to grow .
we sure ca nt grow a tomato plant without having a seed to begin with , but that 's only the first part .
once the seed is in hand , then it has to have soil , water , sunlight , and nourishment .
in the case of our dreams , the seed is in the form of a thought .
a single tomato will produce anywhere from seventy - three to three hundred and fifty seeds .
the first step was that you had the seed of a dream .
now , the only thing that we have to be careful about is what or whose seeds or in this case dreams you re planting .
following behind him , jamie took the seeds in his hand , reviewed the instructions on the reverse side of the seed packet , and carefully dropped each seed into its garden bed before gently covering it with a layer of soft dirt .
following behind him , jamie took the seeds in his hand , reviewed the instructions on the reverse side of the seed packet , and carefully dropped each seed into its garden bed before gently covering it with a layer of soft dirt .
following behind him , jamie took the seeds in his hand , reviewed the instructions on the reverse side of the seed packet , and carefully dropped each seed into its garden bed before gently covering it with a layer of soft dirt .
absent of thought , but fully aware of each detail , he placed each tiny seed into its freshly prepared bed .
so , what you re saying is that doing a job right , whether you re planting seeds like i just spent half the night doing or serving up a plate of biscuits and eggs , is nt about the what as much as the how .
you found that when you really got into the task of planting those seeds , and you can see that same inspiration being played out here .
the gardeners way sowing seeds for a joy - filled life jamie read it out loud .
planting this seed is only the first step .
the gardeners way sowing seeds for a joy - filled life .
seeds of impermanence today is a gift ; a tiny seed with potential for peace , happiness , and joy .
could these particles represent a continuum from other universes being the seeds left from these parallel worlds ?
shed asked him to aerate and seed .
they planted the seeds for everything that followed , then they pulled out , but the groundwork was laid .
an even worse one if possible , the true offense such estates commit against their population : the psychological effect on people of being stranded in a place where you literally can not see a way out : where you ca nt see a main road or a bus route even from the end of your street ; where its hard to direct a taxi or visitor to within half a mile of your house or flat ; where those who ve lived here all their lives can still get lost ; where what you see around you is the collapse into squalor of a built environment not maintained and a planted environment literally gone to seed .
the got some seed for the planter boxes and winston 's favorite dog food , the forty pound sack .
anger had began to grow , the seed had taken root .
it was originally just a seed , that was nourished and grew .
1 seed from the west .
no one was surprised when they were given a # 4 seed and banished to the western region where the top seeds were ucla , stanford and unlv .
no one was surprised when they were given a # 4 seed and banished to the western region where the top seeds were ucla , stanford and unlv .
3 seed .
1 seed , ucla , featuring two - time all - american gale goodrich .
1 seed .
all the top seeds got through .
the top two lady seeds were fortunate to survive their second round matches .
fourth seed rafael nadal brushed aside french hope richard gasquet 6 - 4 , 6 - 3 , 6 - 2 friday to march into the fourth round .
mary pierce , the higher seed , preceded lisa onto the court and also received a nice reception , although slightly less enthusiastic than lisas .
mr . ibarra informed me that both had grown from a single split seed .
the coffee shop had nt had a blackberry muffin , but they did have poppy seed muffins .
he had the look of a boxer or military man gone to seed .
flower beds snuggled next to a low adobe wall held orange california poppies , grey - green santolina dotted with vibrant deep yellow button flowers , and mounds of native grasses that sent up seed heads in airy abandon .
i planted the seeds in the spring and ill harvest them when the time comes .
he said he was gon na plant his seed and when the time came to give it up , he d let me know .
from seed to harvest , he learned every step of the process , could identify plants based on their leaf shape , their smelleven count the days to corn harvest from the first sign of yellow - green silk .
that i had a demon seed inside me and it was her duty to make certain that i did nt pass it on .
the next few rows were taken up with village people who had an acquaintance or vague connection with the rosselots : various shopkeepers monique visited regularly , jean - luc 's farm equipment and seed suppliers , the family doctor , louis and valeri .
the birds were still busy feeding from the seed holder hanging under the wooden bird table .
both appeared to have gone to seed , which implied that there had been no harvesting the previous autumn .
` ` how much waize seed will you need next year ? ''
n'fufu put down the pencil and looked up ` ` with several of the seeds , '' he began , ` ` it just is n't possible to grow from the seed you keep back .
n'fufu put down the pencil and looked up ` ` with several of the seeds , '' he began , ` ` it just is n't possible to grow from the seed you keep back .
waize is one that will grow from your seed , but whether you buy new seed or use what you keep back , the royalty is just the same , '' ` ` you mean i ca n't just use my own harvest as seed ? ''
waize is one that will grow from your seed , but whether you buy new seed or use what you keep back , the royalty is just the same , '' ` ` you mean i ca n't just use my own harvest as seed ? ''
waize is one that will grow from your seed , but whether you buy new seed or use what you keep back , the royalty is just the same , '' ` ` you mean i ca n't just use my own harvest as seed ? ''
the banana is a native of se asia as well , and it does n't have seeds .
he uses an ox - shoulder bone to turn over enough soil to plant seeds , like some villages have started doing with the grasses they use to make bread , and he gets them growing in one convenient place .
if you had a of sling made of hide and you let the ox pull it , a strong man could hold a pointed log in the sling and use it to break the ground for the seed .
in a way it would be like opening a woman for seed , if you see my analogy in all its detail , but not as much fun as mating though .
i heard some woman took the fbis seed money and that s why they re here , not cause of those dead girls .
it was scattered like so many seeds around the circle of men camped in their permanent positions on the porch in front of the feed store , their brittle bones creaking as they passed secrets faster and more accurately than old women in a quilting circle .
even if he ca nt have her this time , he will get her extension in this battle , especially now that marlena is human and has the seed .
maybe he really is a bad seed .
he told him he just sowed the seeds and evidently he had sowed a seed in him since he was questioning him about it .
he told him he just sowed the seeds and evidently he had sowed a seed in him since he was questioning him about it .
they were plowing , sowing seeds and planting trees and flowers .
your own seed has turned his back against you and so has your captains .
half a beer can littered with seed hulls hung from the clapboards beneath the window .
he dropped the seeds into it .
i ve got lots of places to tuck seeds , pods , bulbs , and specimens , not to mention gloves , a folding trowel , and a pair of compact pruners .
at the bottom of the steps , and here and there among the parched weeds that have long since gone to seed , fresh young dandelion shoots stretch out to the sky .
a blue jay hung on the side of the sunflower seed feeder , hogging the seeds , swallowing them whole .
a brave chickadee swooped to the opposite side , grabbed a hold of a single seed , then flitted away .
these patient birds each took their turn , removing just one seed and flying off to work on it .
below the feeder a flock of stealth doves my name for the grey mourning doves poked around in the snow for fallen seeds .
now a blue jay sat stationed at the feeder , picked a sunflower seed out of the feeder hole , tilted his head back , and swallowed it whole .
another seed , another tilt .
besides being from the fhrers seed , you can tell that there is rage in him .
a project called ' incredible edibles ' had arrived and were clearing the derelict beds , planting new seeds , and building compost bins out of old palllets .
a hulk of man gone to seed wearing a threadbare uniform held a tecate to his lips .
outside , a squirrel intent on stealing every last kernel of birdseed in the feeder made six trips back and forth carrying seed away before grandma ran down .
` ` everything 's growing and eating living and dying and spouting spores and seeds and eggs and gobs of semen and little babies . ''
but i wondered how much i was like the milkweed seed , drifting in unseen currents .
yeah , not until september , he told me and spat a seed in the dirt at his feet .
i asked , spitting out a seed of my own .
he turned his back on all his advantages and gloried in being the bad seed .
all i need is a few micrograms to use as seed .
he selected a small bud from the bigger stem of buds and began to remove the stems and seeds .
no stems or seeds .
such a seed would save humanity from greed and corruption .
` ` emma , he 's of the blood , as you are , but he 's a bad seed a bad seed . ''
` ` emma , he 's of the blood , as you are , but he 's a bad seed a bad seed . ''
jim shouted , ` ` he 's the bad seed .
and i will put enmity between thee and the woman , and between thy seed and her seed ; he shall bruise thy head , and thou shalt bruise his heel .
and i will put enmity between thee and the woman , and between thy seed and her seed ; he shall bruise thy head , and thou shalt bruise his heel .
starting with the word in verse 24 - saying , master , moses said , if a man die , having no children , his brother shall marry his wife , and raise up seed unto his brother .
his seed rooted and stamped out .
he reached a capacious ledge , unwound the rope , whistled , and soon saw martin appear over the lip , gyrating like a sycamore seed as he floated down to join him .
i know my imagination is fairly fertile but it needs a few seeds to get it going .
now was not the time for estella to ask about the source of such sadness , now was a time to consolidate a new friendship , to sow seed for future meetings , to make acquaintances with people her own age , who knew something of her world , to create a network that could support her when the baby came .
we hear them as romantic clarions of a great african culture that has , like a powerful tree , spread its seeds to take firm root in new soil .
i m a bad seed , henry whispered hoarsely .
they said i was a bastard and a bad seed .
the seeds are planted after the last snow .
three months after the seeds are planted , the flowers appear .
we do need lots of seed .
so what happens to all those captured seeds ?
babd is rage , the passion of battle and killing - she was said to collect the seed of fallen warriors , and use its power to inspire a sexual frenzy for battle , a literal bloodlust .
` ` i know that and i do n't think they 're all bad seeds . ''
the rayon of the beige skirt caught on everything i passed , the low heels of the pumps sank into the wet earth , and my loose hair was collecting a fine assortment of seeds and burrs .
the seed was skillfully planted .
there was nothing on his face , a man going about a mundane task , planting seeds , hammering a nail , putting in a buy order , whittling wood .
then she raised her eyes to a shelf above the kitchen counter , where bjurman had put about twenty seed packets , seeds for an herb garden .
the room reeked of mildew and steam and dried sweat - like the most popular sauna at jack la lanne 's gone to seed .
every seed knows its time .
` ` i read last night that this time of the year is when the big ones release their seeds .
one tree sends out twenty million seeds .
i also blame ryke for planting guilt - ridden seeds in my head .
we let the blue girl go to seed , collect those , and plant them to see what we ' ve created . ''
a thin green tendril of life , forged in the heat of flame , emerged from a tiny seed .
millions of tiny seeds poured onto the cleared forest floor , and within a month , tiny green sprouts began to appear through the blackened soil .
i could feel the seeds of new memories germinating , reaching for the sun .
` ` everyone lost something that day , and i was glad to see one seed rise up from the ashes . ''
that seed had died in the ashes .
it was a seed that 'd never taken root .
` ` mom told me that love is like a seed .
` ` you ca n't plant a seed and hope it will grow on its own .
a thin green tendril of life , forged in the heat of flame emerged from a tiny seed .
millions of tiny seeds poured onto the cleared forest floor and within a month , tiny green sprouts began to appear through the blackened soil .
i ' m not gon na lie , i purposefully kept messing up getting the seed out so that she finally had to reach over and grab my hands to show me what to do .
you spread your seed abundantly over the tri - state area .
he slowly made his way from my br**sts to my abdomen , kissing and licking over my stomach , concentrating his mouth there as if willing his seed to be planted .
but he had , and now my sister was possibly carrying his seed .
it planted one tiny seed of bitterness inside of me , and over time , that bitter seed would grow .
i walked out , but my heart stayed right there where i 'd planted it , a tender little seed waiting for sun .
men especially - to spread around our seed .
a thick stream of viscous white seed spurts from him , shooting hard across his torso , in his belly button .
i look at him , at the thick river of white seed on his belly .
he drops his hand and watches me as i scrub the seed from his flesh , folding the towels and wiping until he is clean , the fine curly hairs low on his belly damp and sticking to his skin .
the soil is full of salt , so if you wanted to plant something , you had to bring in your own dirt , your own seeds , and protect both from the very place you planted it on .
what i would n't have given to go back to times when all i had to think about was setting those tiny seeds free .
` ` so there was one bad seed in the mix , '' casey argued .
he 'd be the old fool , spilling his heart and guts along with his seed .
she 'd blown hard , and the seeds went into my face .
randomly and regularly i tossed seeds and planted bulbs wherever it struck my fancy .
none of 'em are bad seeds , they just got a lotta stupid in 'em .
said from the beginning he was a bad seed .
` ` i got ta tell you , tess , i knew damian was a bad seed .
i kept blabbing as i dug in my purse , found my checkbook and then kept scrounging for a pen declaring , ` ` she was always , always a bad seed . ''
she married my dad , three boys from his seed , she knew she was in for a lifetime of fights , blood , drunkenness , puke and pregnancy scares .
` ` i knew you were a bad seed , '' she shot back .
never met a woman in whom he wanted his seed to take root .
so he was lying on the couch , drinking a soda , watching a game and wondering if he had enough time to make his wife and himself come in the enjoyable effort of planting his seed in her womb before his father showed .
i refrained from replying , ` ` maker of the seed that spawned me , '' and just looked at him .
i felt carved like a pumpkin with no seeds .
besides , i ' ve got more seeds to sow . ''
she shrugged her shoulders and followed his direction , making sure the seeds were evenly spaced .
sprinkle the soil gentle over the seeds and be careful not to disturb them . ''
most of the seeds had been planted and patches of the garden started to look structured .
ursula leaned over showing him how to get the watery seeds out of the centre .
even though linda was from a similar background , they felt she was a bad seed for their prospective daughter .
` ` at least i think they do : ' vanessa pounced on that small seed of doubt .
he 'd planted his seed inside of her and it had taken root .
no man is planting his seed inside my woman , artificially done or not .
no one is planting their seed inside you except me . ''
` ` nobody has ever planted their seed inside me .
she told a lot of weird stories , like how lucifer was her lover , and from his seed , a daughter was born .
it had been passed down to me from my father 's seed .
there was only a little part of her mind , maybe the size of a mustard seed , that clung to reality and fought to grasp a hold on something rational or remotely solid .
i do not come from any seed or any womb i only live because of you .
shaped , and that contains a few large whitish to brownish colored seeds that dry to a clear translucent toward lead .
mandy slipped on a white sweater with delicate seed pearls around the collar before she walked downstairs .
barbara tousled her sons hair in a moment of affection , now that she had sown the seed , she would return to it later , after the dessert , and use it as a lever to leave early .
that love you two have for each other is like a seed , in time , its gon na grow into this strong , beautiful tree that ca nt be knocked down .
laquita , a newlywed now herself , had embroidered seed pearls on the mandarin collar and along the turn - back cuffs .
varrik could not have chosen a woman more worthy of his seed !
a claim must be honored for the first lunar cycle unless the males seed fails to take root .
you meanyou did nt spill your seed ?
even if i hadumyou know spilled your seed ?
to see if you forsooth carry my seed .
the planted seed has been known to take root and sprout after the first sowing , lad .
you planted the seed inside me after getting me drunk on wine , and now you refuse to take the responsibility of seeing your child reared ?
if you done seed as many bruises on dat chile as i done seed , she stopped suddenly , wondering if she should be voicing her opinion against a white man .
if you done seed as many bruises on dat chile as i done seed , she stopped suddenly , wondering if she should be voicing her opinion against a white man .
he had to plant his seed in her and quickly , before everyone , but especially joshua , learned of her deceit .
i done seed plenty of rabbit an squirrel on dis heah island an dat big ole sea is full of fish , so we ai nt gwine starve .
he was also warned that the seed would make him uncomfortable until it was planted in a receptive female where it could begin to grow properly .
inside a man , the seed started to die .
the power of the seed was based on the desire a woman had to be a mother .
some women may not have any desire in that area and the seed would hold no power over them .
before that the seed would be too strong for the woman 's system to handle .
he had since come to recognize that the seed wanted out of his body as much as he wanted it out .
she had felt the injection of the seed , too .
joe had watched as her eyes grew wide and then shuddered closed with the onset of a fantastic orgasm the seed created to mask its own arrival .
each of them had been so complimentary of joe 's performance that joe was beginning to enjoy the time he spent with the ladies despite the awful inconvenience of the method to achieve the attraction and power of the seed .
we have planted the seeds of bodies the creator of life did not create .
the seed planted there by gol , like his brothers before him , was not comfortable inside a male host .
both activities required him to bend over significantly and the action brought back in vivid detail the events of gol 's seed planting the previous night .
since his affiliation with the alliance and their rather odd way of transferring the seed he had given the homosexual situation some thought .
something about the seed being too strong until twenty four hours was up .
gol had said that only a male host could carry a seed from the alliance for any length of time prior to the twenty four hour period because the male was not a suitable host for causing growth in the seed .
gol had said that only a male host could carry a seed from the alliance for any length of time prior to the twenty four hour period because the male was not a suitable host for causing growth in the seed .
inside a woman , the seed would find suitable growth stimulus and begin the process .
before a twenty four hour waiting period , the strength of the seed would be so great that it would consume the woman in a matter of days , instead of working with her body to accelerate the process for a suitable birth result .
the seed was doing its magic or whatever it did when it got ready to leave him .
for the briefest of moments she had thought him the father of the future but as soon as she had received the seed and knew its presence , she had known the truth .
it had been an action to open the vessel that carried the seed .
she had opened up the vessel to receive the seed for the future .
now she carried that seed .
the seed had been released too soon .
since it was gol 's seed , he was less determined to deal with the errant insemination than the others .
i understand , brothers , gol was trying to think of a way to save his seed .
of course , termination of the seed would require ending the life of the host .
he guessed it was about the seed being implanted wrongly or at least not optimally .
releasing the seed prematurely had its complications for him also .
like maybe the seed had torn a bad path getting out of him .
accident or not , we are short one viable seed .
the point is that you released the seed too soon .
the seed has full power of its own and does not need to respond to anyone else for direction until after twenty four hours in a physical body where it can get no nourishment .
never mind it was him who actually deposited the seed inside her .
any attempt to abort the seed will expose it to the air .
if that seed gets out , he will have no limitations because he was created without a controlling existence .
without it , we have no control over the seed .
the mother 's body has no control over the seed .
the seed has to be terminated and it has to be done inside the body of the host .
either way , she dies and we need to terminate that seed before he is exposed to the air .
besides our deal with the creator of life being broken because we created an uncontrollable , limitless seed .
and the seed ?
i did not dare open up the woman and take a chance on air getting to the seed .
tos was trying to discern how attached his brother was getting to the host of his seed .
yes , he will have to wait until we can achieve a new energy level to create a seed for himself .
we have to wait until our seeds have been born and grown and then inhabited for that .
lah spoke what all four of the brothers were thinking when gol had said he would take care of the woman and the errant seed .
gol had not stayed to make certain the seed had died .
the seed had detected the death of its host and done the natural thing , saved itself .
the seed of the woman , gol 's seed , had chewed its way out of the woman , consumed her blood and escaped .
the seed now had a life force in the woman 's blood , which meant the seed had begun taking from her before she had given up the energy of her life .
the seed now had a life force in the woman 's blood , which meant the seed had begun taking from her before she had given up the energy of her life .
there was no way he could not have noticed the seed fighting to keep life .
now the seed possessed all it needed to live .
the seed was alive .
only sanctioned seeds were allowed in each plane by the creator .
that was why they needed a human female host for their seeds .
they needed a female host to carry their seed to term and birth them into the world of the humans to give themselves physical bodies .
a seed designed to allow them to inhabit the body of a human child would have given them the ability to procreate and birth their own life forms in the plane of the earth in league with the already present deal the creator of life had with humanity .
they had the right to protect their seed .
anything that came against their seed was in danger of breaking their deal with their ability to procreate .
they had not broken any deal planting their seed in the female hosts .
the creator could ask them to take them back but he would never order them to kill off their seed once planted in a host that willingly accepted them .
and he could banish them to the place of chains and allow their seed to grow up without ever knowing their true potential .
it was in the life force of the still unborn seeds of the alliance .
but the life force of the seed inside her was her blood .
gol also had to deal with his seed , which was still out there .
the seed was out in the open now .
he could watch the news and see the pattern of the seed .
the seed would be looking for energy on very large levels .
all four of the brother 's seeds had been required to give him the energy he would have had if he had stayed in the womb of the woman for the full incubation period of three months .
gol had killed the woman but had not thought about the fact that the seed would have been more advanced at a younger stage because it was in a weaker host .
now , he was the only seed left of the alliance brothers .
it had been a fight because her seed was more developed than the others had been .
but the seed in carol bennings was stronger than he had expected .
in the end , he had triumphed over the weaker seed and claimed its energy like he had the others .
it would still be a couple months before they could claim their bodies from the fully developed seeds when they were birthed .
the seed watched saph walking from building to building .
he had visited each of the apartments of the host mothers of their seeds .
he had set the seed free when he failed to inspect the body of the cranston woman .
adequate for living here but not for any special moving about , which they obviously still needed to do with this threat of the seed hanging over them .
gol was thankful the seed could only consume the other seeds one at a time .
gol was thankful the seed could only consume the other seeds one at a time .
the mother 's blood and spirit would have been an overload that would have slowed the seed down .
he would not have been able to get to all of the seeds in one night if he had stopped to consume the mother 's energies too .
still , the seed had to be in need of more energy .
the seeds of the brothers would have developed at normal human rates .
gol 's wayward seed had to be developing at twenty or thirty times the regular rate .
that meant the seed was still hungry .
there was only one source in the human plane that would satisfy the seed now .
the seed was satisfied that gol was nowhere around .
the seed was already upon him .
saph was out in the open when the seed came upon him .
crouching in the darkest part of the shadows , the seed depended upon the natural inclination to believe the first view of the shadows was all that was there without actually seeing into the depths of a shadow .
that was when the seed pounced .
the seed was feeding .
the seed had consumed them .
or inside the seed , making him even greater and stronger .
he made himself that promise as he approached the feeding seed .
the seed did not look up from its meal .
he was here to kill this seed .
all that was necessary was for the seed to make the first move .
unless the seed had come out of the woman stupid , it also knew the outcome .
the seed maintained .
no one could measure how badly he wanted to annihilate this errant seed .
he had created this seed .
there was nowhere for the seed to go .
gol was depending on the energy of youth to drive the seed to try and escape .
a bad cut would bleed off too much energy and possibly drain the seed before it could get medical attention .
though human in form , the seed was still of the brothers physical makeup .
a nasty cut was almost a sure thing if the seed chose that route .
the seed challenged gol again , trying to provoke the giant to attack .
the seed knew that it could not make a break for it until gol made some move to attack .
and , just as he had been felled by that young man with a stone to his forehead , he would see this seed meet a suitable end .
the seed was too young to know .
after all , he had created the seed .
too bad you are not going to be on this earth long enough to learn such things , gol threatened the seed .
the result would be a physical response from the unpracticed seed .
the seed announced , firmly .
the seed was fast .
about the moment the seed believed gol 's words and regretted his own ambitions , gol reached into the chest cavity of the seed he had given life to and pulled the blood pumping organ from its place .
that you do not accept his seed .
she had no doubt that her entire physical body was working to do exactly what her heart desired , receive the seed of the giant .
kathy had become the mother of gol 's seed .
and because of her spiritual existence , she had the fortitude and power to control that seed and bring it to term for him .
each seed the woman could bear would be a new home for his brothers .
gol reminded her of the seed he had just planted inside her .
it has accepted the seed of the giant and you are now pregnant with his child .
she could feel the seed working inside her .
if she died in the physical she could go to the mist without the seed , leaving the seed to die behind her .
if she died in the physical she could go to the mist without the seed , leaving the seed to die behind her .
something tells me that as soon as this seed takes root in me , it will also affect how i think and regard its protection .
meaning , if she chooses staying here , is the seed inside her a factor ?
it is a viable seed .
he is a virile specimen so the seed is active and pregnancy is assured .
gol 's seed can not be aborted .
the seed is attached to the mother at a spiritual level .
gol will lose his seed and the power to create more seed , if you elect to take his strength with you into the mist .
gol will lose his seed and the power to create more seed , if you elect to take his strength with you into the mist .
abby pointed to the clear plastic storage baggies taped to the class window , watching as his eyes scanned over the seeds inside .
we do nt want the other kids to feel sad that they only got to plant one seed with miss abby .
i told grammy you were going to help me plant another seed today , and she told me lots of portant stuff to help .
i m ready to plant my seeds .
sides of bacon and sacks of seed slammed against its walls as it tilted sideways on the gravel road .
it was as if seeds had been sprung from their pods .
but i ve planted a seed .
they love to plant the seeds and watch as people spiral out of control and kill each other .
he raised his brows at my answer and i saw the paranoia plant a seed behind his eyes .
like planting the last seed of a beautiful flower , i would place this one into their hearts and see it grow .
you , however , have left your mark , have left a part of yourself with me , and it has taken seed , creeping into every crevice , taking me over .
i d wanted a father , dreamed of it but , fathers were nt like flowers , you could nt just plant a seed and grow one .
all that stored seed that never had a chance to be planted before .
your seed will become sterile .
your seed ?
at the point of their readiness jessica prayed with each individual , never forgetting that walt had been the one to sow the soul - redeeming seeds , and she 'd been blessed to witness the harvest .
the seed was planted , and that was all that was needed .
she brushed away the seed and leaf debris on her jeans , then took the roses to the car , and settled them in a cool spot for the drive to lawrence .
it had taken molding , programmed seed design , and the requirement of staggered engineered growth .
the seed in her chest sprouted a stem .
working at thy wife , marthas family seed store , he commented .
` ` look petya , '' she said , giving her a soupspoon , ` ` you have to scoop all the seeds and stringy bits out . ''
the seed was buried fairly deep back then , a sort of barely acknowledged , i suppose , if all else fails i can always drive a truck .
with the familial seal of approval , nuts enough to be interesting but not so nuts as to be embarrassing , i allowed the seed to see the light of day elsewhere .
later i can show you the results from that new seed i used this year .
then what amanda said about a seed hits me .
great , a chance to plant the seed .
maybe the energy from my body will be used by an oak seed , and ill end up being a tree for a few hundred years .
hermit hogan lived on a dirt farm littered with falling barns and an old homestead going to seed .
it was barely may , but if the weather held , it would soon be too hot to keep them from bolting and going to seed .
it hit with a thud just inches from my toes and split into pieces , splattering sticky juice and seeds .
indeed , for thus he of whom it is said he shows great mercy had given to raife a gift : his own wife , that they might bear seed together .
she opened it and peeked inside to see a stack of written notes about plants and gardening , as well as packets of seeds and a notebook .
also , their dna , and even their seed , was being used to build a legion of monster soldiers .
she swung the hoe with zealous precision over and over to prepare to plant the seeds .
the problem would be curtailing my enthusiasm and not put too many seeds and bulbs in too early , before the last frost which could be up to the end of april !
if you could , i do nt have any family left , but the woman who was with me , cindy monahan has a son , twenty , who is attending nyu , could you look in on him and make sure that some of my money goes to him so that he can continue his education and then if its possible without tipping your hand , try to get him some seed money for when he gets out .
the land has been fertile from the day i planted the first seed .
the corn seed that becomes a magnificent stalk of corn will die .
` ` when i picked up the mail today , mom , i noticed a padded envelope from that seed catalog company , '' cass said one night .
` ` i won a vegetable garden seed sampler and a window herb garden , '' peggy answered .
this false and venal man had been brutalised by his mother , who was not ashamed at her brutality for he was , so she would say : a bad child , a bad seed .
he 'd thought it happened instantly , that a man 's seed found its root in the woman and there you were .
there were two types of seed , he now saw .
` ` ' two seeds destined to grow in concert , planted together in the field of love . ' ''
to seed , to ground .
julia sat quietly while the seeds of fear took root within her .
a sparkly pair of hand - me - down cowboy boots that they 'd picked up at the emperor 's new clothes used - clothing shop , a fake leather vest from the dollar - saver thrift shop , a pair of felt chaps his mom had made , a plaid flannel shirt and brand - new wrangler jeans from zeke 's feed and seed , and best of all , a shiny sheriff 's star and gun belt from the toy store .
rosa knew how deep the roots of that love had gone into her daughter 's heart , and she knew , too , that sometimes a first love went to seed , growing in wild disarray until there was no room for anything - or anyone - else .
in silence they drove past the empty parking lot of the bean there , done that coffee shop , past the empty front window of the sunny and shear beauty salon , and past the crowded entrance to zeke 's feed and seed .
he grabbed the coat he 'd bought yesterday - at that lightning rod of fashion , zeke 's feed and seed .
a mustard seed was framed in a glass teardrop .
the scripture verse about faith the size of a mustard seed leaped into her mind .
the bible talked about mustard seed faith .
his faith had n't been a tiny mustard seed .
his faith was the size of an avocado seed .
at least not until dylan was old enough to understand why he 'd been created from his father 's friend 's seed .
it 's my seed that gave him life .
the thick , salty , musky seed hit my throat and the back of my tongue , and instantly i felt my gorge rising .
if we just get rid of it , i can plant my seed in you .
my egg and his seed , but it was for her , his wife .
he wanted to torment me into desiring him so badly that i gave in to him and allowed him to make love to me so much that we could n't help but plant a seed for the future .
` ` who do you think planted the seeds at the pagan stone ? ''
they get to descend from a heroic white witch , and we get the demon seed . ''
the white silk dress had cap sleeves , and a row of seed pearls sewn along the neckline and the hem .
if you like , we can plant seeds in egg cartons and then once your grandmother 's home again , i 'll help you clear a small space in her yard for your very own garden . ''
we 're growing seeds and she taught me to knit and we knit every night after dinner when i ' m finished my homework . ''
` ` you 're going to seed , gracie - girl , '' olivia teased .
` ` a man who has been bent on it for nearly three score years , who has nurtured it from a tiny , poisonous seed to a living , choking flower .
i say when the time comes , we both try as hard as possible to knock you up and let the seed fall where it may . ''
cate did n't want to mention the word homesick where the boys might hear her - she did n't want to plant a seed , in case they knew what the word meant - so she said , ` ` if they get teary - ` ` ` ` i 'll handle it , '' sheila interrupted .
he 'd worked hard , married well , and planted the seeds of a dynasty .
a patch of lime green moss , a seed pod that had sprouted .
holding my laptop like a shield , i pick my way across the torn - up landscaping , stepping over trowels and spades and empty seed packets .
all those times you let me sit over here and smoke my cigarettes while you planted your seeds and pulled up your weeds . ''
you 're just a bad seed .
he thanked god for his wife and her memory and he pointed out that the seeds she had planted with her children , her husband , and her friends had come to fruition .
but in true saint - like fashion , she had accomplished all of her tasks before she returned home , and she had planted seeds that would soon blossom , in unexpected ways .
the seed of felicity sent by god into a well - disposed soul .
if this was all there was , if his seed never took root , he could live with that .
christopher dropped his hands to his sides , leaving his c*ck reddened , weeping seed , and curving upward .
others simply do not like the taste of a man 's seed . ''
we require the spending of our seed to be healthy .
` ` the seeds have been planted , '' the comte said .
i wandered down the paddock fence , watching the horses graze , idly pulling the seed heads from a blade of grass .
` ` you see harsh landscapes and acres of snow , and i see the warm blanket of winter sheltering the earth until it is time for the seeds to flower and rise again .
she 'd planted the seeds early .
the seeds in a sunflower , the spirals of a pinecone - like things just sort of ... want to be a certain way , you know ?
` ` it was seeds sprouting . ''
men who would plant their seed in my belly and discard me the moment i gave birth .
` ` perhaps your seed has already taken root .
and replace it with his own seed .
she was no stranger to riding crops either , farm land had stretched around her home town and she had gone to the feed and seed stores with her foster parents to but things for the garden , what the man would want with him she did n't understand .
a seed surrounded by white and pinkgookstucktothe end of his pink - stained finger .
` ` i willhaveyour seed .
butfor thistrip , they were flying england 's colors , and thehold was stocked full of furniture , provisions , tools , and seeds .
` ` oh , you know , the usual watermelon festival kinds of things - demolition derbies , seed - spitting contests , country music sing - alongs , pie - baking contests , carnival rides , and the official kickoff parade this saturday , followed by a barbecue where they smoke two pigs . ''
i ' ve been wanting to do that since i was thirteen , when she called me a bad seed . ''
and in her anger , savannah had called him a bad seed right to his face and told him he was so bad that he did n't deserve to have parents .
do you put a seed in the ground and call that a garden ?
the drip of sweat , of blood and seed .
this close , it was still the song of spring , but that song was revealed to be what the pagans had always known it to be - the blind urge to seize , to mate , to spill blood and seed heedlessly into the earth , wallow in crushed flowers , writhe in the juices of grass and mud .
she challenged his domination , demanded his body and seed in this most ancient celebration of fertility .
' and even though we 're about to starve to death under a mountain of poopy diapers , no one 's brave enough to even suggest that people keep their seed in their nuts for a while . '
when the little one was born , he was going to be as proud and as pleased as if she were his own seed .
so far my husband does n't seem thrilled with the idea of fatherhood , and yet he seemed eager enough to plant his seed .
the seeds were germinating .
she felt it , the small seed of a baby growing inside her .
jamie had planned on visits only to the two cherokee villages closest to the treaty line , there to announce his new position , distribute modest gifts of whisky and tobacco - this last hastily borrowed from tom christie , who had fortunately purchased a hogshead of the weed on a seed - buying trip to cross creek - and inform the cherokee that further largesse might be expected when he undertook ambassage to the more distant villages in the autumn .
the hammering was repeated , and jemmy - who did wake up cheerful in the mornings - popped up in his trundle , looking like a redheaded dandelion gone to seed .
` ` my father used to get together a gang of men from the church once or twice a year , and bring them up to keep the place in order , but i ' m afraid it 's rather gone to seed lately . ''
sister minerve , a young sister from a wealthy noble family , had been selected to assist me in my toilette ; with considerable skill and aplomb , she dressed my hair , tucking in the merest scrap of ostrich feather trimmed with seed pearls .
the rigs rose knee - high , so a man walking down the furrows could sow his seed easily by hand along the top of the rig beside him .
charged with the planting of potatoes in a land where no potato had ever been seen , ian had proceeded with method and logic , sending to edinburgh both for seed potatoes , and for a book on the subject of planting .
` ` the book says ye keep the bittie ones for the seed potatoes for next year .
he had then shaved , washed , and gone round to all the plantation owners again , returning each man 's money with thanks and a small payment of interest , leaving us with enough to manage seed corn for planting , an extra mule for plowing , a goat and some pigs .
also , with many plants , it was the flower , fruit , or seed that yielded a useful substance , and while i 'd spotted clumps of turtlehead and lobelia sprouting in the mud along the path , those had long since gone to seed .
i had brought a large collection of cuttings and seeds from river run , most of which had survived the journey .
i wanted cabbages , though , to preserve as sauerkraut ; come midwinter , we would want food with some taste to it , as well as some vitamin c. i had enough seed left , and could raise a couple of decent crops before the weather turned cold , if i could keep the bloody rabbits off .
removing the lid , colum began scattering seed from it through the mesh of the cage .
and once i got old enough for such a thing to be a possibility , he told me that a man must be responsible for any seed he sows , for it 's his duty to take care of a woman and protect her .
that 'll draw yer man 's seed straight up into the womb , ye ken , and you 'll be swellin ' like a pumpkin by easter . ''
` ` if i were to plow that pretty brown - haired furrow and seed it deep each day ... '' the shadows on the cavern wall shifted suddenly as he took another step toward me .
who would use that last strength to rape and sow their violent seed in the bellies of the conquered .
each day , mind , and a man 's seed canna take hold in the womb . ''
bidding farewell to polly bacon , i took my chest across to our lean - to , and tucked the bag of seeds carefully away in it .
we had no money now - not even the paper proclamation money , worth only a fraction of sterling - and without hides to sell in the spring , we were going to have difficulty getting the seed corn and wheat we needed .
to jamie 's jaundiced eye , they looked like the yellowed tops of carrots gone to seed and left too long in the ground , but claire fingered the mangy foliage , and nodded approval .
` ` ye mean seed ? ''
i thought ... well , i thought a man plants his seed into a woman 's belly , and it ... well ...
` ` you know - like ... seed .
freshly cleansed , brianna could see them clearly - two or three tiny blisters , like seed pearls .
` ` he put out a wee plate on the floor filled with ink and a cup of seed in the middle , so that they couldna feed without getting the ink on their feet .
they stopped to admire a spring scene with seed packets , baskets , and garden tools .
we 'll have to make a list of seeds you want to order .
li volunteered to help plant the seeds .
my green fingers have been itching all morning to put those seeds in .
however , the seed was sown now and she could only hope it might take root .
i was born with it , only at the time it was just a seed .
he felt the soil and the rocks beneath , felt the roots of nearby trees seeking out nourishment and the tiny , hidden seeds that waited for rain to spark them to life .
` ` now , do you feel all the seeds in the soil ? ''
` ` feel the seeds ? ''
` ` tell the seed to sprout .
the seeds are already in place , though there 's an edge of uncertainty - an enigmatic set of influences that hang around you like mist . ''
he can have kids and stuff one day when he 's ready to pollute the world with his seed .
when his back was turned she quickly ducked down behind the stacked bags of seed .
wife number one , the recipient of saunders 's youthful seed and vigor and the bearer of his two exceedingly spoiled children , was unfortunately fifty and therefore no longer young enough or glamorous enough to satisfy his ego .
patient sowing of the seed and waiting for frey to send the rain and sun in proper mix .
patience to wait for harvest and save back the best part for seed the next spring .
mighty god of strangled sacrifice , frey , the horned one , knows that all life springs from death , just as a seed must die before the abundance of harvest can ever be . ''
` ` and every seed that fell to the earth returned a hundredfold . ''
staring at her taut belly , shiny with his seed , sebastian was swept with an sylvia day - bad boys ahoy !
sitting there with the sun on her face and the breeze blowing over her , she felt an easing inside , an unfurling and blossoming of a long - dormant seed , a seed of happiness .
sitting there with the sun on her face and the breeze blowing over her , she felt an easing inside , an unfurling and blossoming of a long - dormant seed , a seed of happiness .
` ` and not my seed . ''
a bad seed did n't do something so thoughtful for someone else .
` ` i wonder if these flowers grow back , or if he had to sow seed every year , '' he mused .
to plant more seeds ? ''
so i tilled more ground and added more seeds the next year , all the while humming our song .
the ball had shot out of her sweaty fingers like a watermelon seed , landing with a ping somewhere under the workbench and disappearing .
iridescent sequins , seed pearls , and tiny shells decorated the mask she held in her hand .
` ` may your seed dry up , donald gallach ... may your sons already born by other women die young ... '' connor felt as if he were looking down upon his child self while his nursemaid , anna , tried to comfort his mother .
how smart of adam to plant the seed - just in case he convinced lauryn to say yes .
` ` yes , dear , yes , dear ... '' petro 's dairy bar , like everything they had passed on the way , had an air of gently going to seed .
a drop of seed glistened at the slit , and cordova licked the mushroom head , tasting his creamy saltiness .
i like the gentle cooing noises they make and i enjoy watching their heads bob up and down as they pursue the seed i scatter for them .
she would have them plant seeds in dixie cups and label them in an effort to encourage them to read ; she would have the students catch bugs and name those as well , hoping to spark intellectual curiosity about the natural world .
or : if you have $ 200 and you buy seed that costs $ 120 , how much money do you have left ?
i 'll plant my seed in you .
hester deale , bearer of the demon 's seed , damned by madness , dead centuries and by her own hand , stared out of wild and ravaged eyes .
every once in a while , the older woman released a girlish trill that sounded , to cassie 's somewhat jaundiced ear , like a songbird strangling on too much seed .
she 'd always assumed that sandro 's desire for a son was fuelled by his italian male ego ; the need to propagate his seed and all that .
the new talib was ruthless enough to steal her virginity and hope to plant a seed in her womb .
that was all the seed that was needed ; a high school party could blossom in a second .
the tiny seed of what if took root , blossomed .
she 'd seen him working at the feed and seed , the livery , repairing the engines calco used on the rigs , and warming the bench in front of the republic while eating peanuts and drinking beer .
the seed was planted .
` ` i said ye would plant twins in her the first time ye released yer seed .
i could not love you more had you been of my own seed .
did he wish the fruit of another man 's seed inheriting all ?
luc wanted a baby of deke 's seed , since he could n't have one of his own .
let him plant his seed in her body .
attacking the muddy black earth with her trowel , she 'd carefully planted flower seeds in neat and tidy rows .
in a dress that is too tight , she looks like a flower sprouting from a seed shell .
and liam could n't forget - or forgive - that hammer had done his bloody best to plant a seed in her womb the moment liam took her for his own .
on autopilot , raine shampooed her hair , scrubbed liam 's seed from her body , washed her face , then stepped out .
you ' ve planted and tilled and harvested , and then you do it again , and you keep doing it - and all the while you 're also building infrastructure , because one of the major roles of a seed colony is to prepare the planet for the next , larger wave of colonists , who show up a couple of standard years later .
this is a seed colony .
you all know that seed colonies are dangerous places .
i walk down the concrete hall bathed in blinking fluorescent lights and look toward the main door 's blast of sunlight through the window , the way a tiny vegetable shoot searches for the sun after it breaks through the outer shell of a seed .
so we broke into salvatore 's office , spread dirt on the floor and tossed quick - grow grass seed .
as she thought further , a truly masterful idea began to take seed in her brain .