i ko 'd the third seed in our league in five minutes and i was prouder of walkin ' out of that room with you , knowin ' everyone knew you were mine and just how you were mine , what i could do to you and what you could give to me , than i was at watching him hit the mat . ''
in this particular dive they had the football game running on the tv ( barca had tossed athens in round one and now were challenging prague for the second seed ) , so shank rooted along with the natives for the czechs .
asu , being undefeated , was the top seed in their bracket and the tournament overall .
asu was set to play florida , the eight seed from the midwest region , who had beaten top seeded north carolina to advance to the semifinal .
kentucky , the one seed in the south , had beaten second seeded kansas to win their region .
they were going to meet louisville , the four seed out of the east , which had beaten seventh seeded gonzaga to advance .
` ` i just wanted to hear some comments from the rising seeds in this tournament , starting with you . ''
it was a message that everyone had been waiting for , the announcement that the finals for ' the rising seeds tournament ' was about to begin .
the teams excitement grew after hearing the news , because that win sealed our number one seed in the tournament for the state championship .
given his standing as the top duelist in his choir , he was exempt from the preliminary matches and would compete after the lower seeds were determined .
as third seed five other matches began before him .
playing the number one seed , carlton , in the first round of the playoffs was a difficult chore .
marquette was ranked # 4 in the national polls and awarded a # 1 seed in the eastern region .
still , second place finish and a # 2 seed was a good way to enter the big east tournament .
marquette entered the big east tournament as the number two seed and quickly advanced to the finals for a rematch against louisville .
1 seed in the ncaa tournament .
his opponent was a small , 14 - year - old boy from clearwater , the # 4 seed .
they were watching pete in the finals of a designated tournament in jacksonville beat up on the number two seed who was ranked # 6 in florida .
the second round match was against the # 18 seed from mexico .
petes 3rd round match was against an unseeded player from california that had upset the # 14 seed in the 2nd round .
she is the top seed in the 18s .
ambre was the # 1 seed and played like it until she ran into a south american girl in the quarterfinals .
she won her first round match in straight sets before losing in a televised match to the thirteenth seed .
pete had accumulated enough points to earn a # 12 seed from the international tennis federation .
lisa was unseeded in the 18s and drew the # 3 seed in the first round .
it turned out to be a tough draw , for the # 3 seed .
carlos had survived three tough matches including a five - setter with andy roddick , the number three seed .
she opened with an upset of the # 12 seed , anna smashnova , playing like she had nt been away from the game at all .
ambre did nt play until tuesday , but pete had drawn an early morning match on monday against the # 28 seed , jiri novak of the czech republic .
pete won his second - round match before losing to the number five seed , ivan lubijic .
if all went according to form , the # 1 seed would face the # 32 seed in the third round and the # 16 seed in the fourth round .
if all went according to form , the # 1 seed would face the # 32 seed in the third round and the # 16 seed in the fourth round .
if all went according to form , the # 1 seed would face the # 32 seed in the third round and the # 16 seed in the fourth round .
andy roddick , the # 2 seed , lost in five sets , as did james blake .
her opponent was a young argentinean girl paola suarez that had upset the # 27 seed , american veteran amy frazier .
the 3rd seed dominated her opponents in her first two matches , but was upset by ana ivanovic of serbia , the # 29 seed .
the 3rd seed dominated her opponents in her first two matches , but was upset by ana ivanovic of serbia , the # 29 seed .
ambre was slotted to play elena bovina , the # 12 seed , in the 4th round .
the biggest upset on the womens side was that lindsay davenport , the # 1 seed , upset the # 14 seed , kim clijsters of belgium .
the biggest upset on the womens side was that lindsay davenport , the # 1 seed , upset the # 14 seed , kim clijsters of belgium .
today , pete faced an argentinean , guillermo canas , the # 9 seed , and one of four argentines seeded in the top 10 .
his second round match was against an argentinean - the number four seed and losing finalist from the year before .
the blues had already cemented their place in the playoffs , but they were fighting with san jose for the number - one seed .